author	Ciske de Rat (``Ciske the Rat'') is a novel for children by Dutch author Piet Bakker.	Ciske de Rat	Piet Bakker
author	``A New Refutation of Time'' (Spanish: Nueva refutación del tiempo) is an essay by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges (written between 1944 and 1946) in which he argues that the negations of idealism may be extended to time.	A New Refutation of Time	Jorge Luis Borges
author	North Amerikkkan Blues, published in 1971, is the first novel from Belizean Evan X Hyde.	North Amerikkkan Blues	Evan X Hyde
author	The Memory of Water is a comedy written by English playwright Shelagh Stephenson, first staged at Hampstead Theatre in 1996.	The Memory of Water	Shelagh Stephenson
author	My Theodosia is a novel, written by the American author Anya Seton which was first published in 1941.	My Theodosia	Anya Seton
author	On What Matters is a two-volume book of moral philosophy by Derek Parfit published in 2011.	On What Matters	Derek Parfit
author	``The Theologians'' (original title: ``Los teólogos'') is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges.	The Theologians	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Shoplifting from American Apparel is Tao Lin's first novella, fifth book, and first published fiction since the May 15, 2007 simultaneous publication of his debut novel, Eeeee Eee Eeee, and debut story-collection, Bed.	Shoplifting from American Apparel	Tao Lin
author	Buckskin Brigades is a Western novel written by L. Ron Hubbard, first published July 30, 1937.	Buckskin Brigades	L. Ron Hubbard
author	Haym Salomon, Son of Liberty is a historical novel written in 1941 by Howard Fast.	Haym Salomon, Son of Liberty	Howard Fast
author	The Ravenous is a 2003 horror novel written by T. M. Gray.	The Ravenous	T. M. Gray
author	Rich Dad Poor Dad is a 1997 book written by Robert Kiyosaki and Sharon Lechter.	Rich Dad Poor Dad	Robert Kiyosaki	Sharon Lechter
author	The Nether World (1889) is a novel written by the English author George Gissing.	The Nether World	George Gissing
author	The Miracle of Forgiveness is a book written by Spencer W. Kimball while he was a member of Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	The Miracle of Forgiveness	Spencer W. Kimball
author	The Stalk is a 1994 science fiction novel by Chris Morris and Janet Morris.	The Stalk	Chris Morris	Janet Morris
author	Die schöne Müllerin (Op. 25, D. 795), is a song cycle by Franz Schubert based on poems by Wilhelm Müller.	Die schöne Müllerin	Wilhelm Müller
author	When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a collection of essays by bestselling American humorist David Sedaris.	When You Are Engulfed in Flames	David Sedaris
author	The Barsac Mission (French: L'Étonnante Aventure de la Mission Barsac) is a novel attributed to Jules Verne and written (with inspiration from two unfinished Verne manuscripts) by his son Michel Verne.	The Barsac Mission	Michel Verne
author	The Dragon's Apprentice written by James A. Owen is the fifth book in the Chronicles of the Imaginarium Geographica.	The Dragon's Apprentice	James A. Owen
author	The Seven Songs of Merlin is a work of literature by T. A. Barron, published by Penguin.	The Seven Songs of Merlin	T. A. Barron
author	Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes (1983) is Stephen Jay Gould's third volume of collected essays reprinted from his monthly columns for Natural History magazine titled ``This view of life''.	Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes	Stephen Jay Gould
author	Footsteps of Fate (Dutch: Noodlot) is a novel written by Louis Couperus and published in 1891.	Footsteps of Fate	Louis Couperus
author	``Mr. Spaceship'' is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1953 in Imagination, and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.	Mr. Spaceship	Philip K. Dick
author	Snow Falling on Cedars is a 1994 award-winning novel written by American writer David Guterson.	Snow Falling on Cedars	David Guterson
author	The Cape Cod Mystery, first published in 1931, is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor, the first to feature her series detective Asey Mayo, the ``Codfish Sherlock''.	The Cape Cod Mystery	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
author	When We Get There is a novel about coming-of-age by the American writer Shauna Seliy set in 1974 in a coal mining patch (modeled on the author's hometown of Yukon, Westmoreland County) near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	When We Get There	Shauna Seliy
author	Queen Sheba's Ring is a 1910 adventure novel by H. Rider Haggard set in central Africa.	Queen Sheba's Ring	H. Rider Haggard
author	Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots contains 42 lithographs with original hand painted colour by Edward Lear.	Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots	Edward Lear
author	My Mate, or a Bush Love Story is an Australian play by Edmund Duggan which was first produced in 1911.	My Mate	Edmund Duggan
author	Inverted World (The Inverted World in some editions) is a 1974 science fiction novel by Christopher Priest, expanded from a short story by the same name included in New Writings in SF 22 (1973).	Inverted World	Christopher Priest
author	La Turista is a play by the American playwright Sam Shepard, first performed in New York in 1967.	La Turista	Sam Shepard
author	The Three Musketeers (French: Les Trois Mousquetaires (le tʁwa muskətɛʁ)) is a historical novel by Alexandre Dumas.	The Three Musketeers	Alexandre Dumas
author	Everyone in Silico is a 2002 post-cyberpunk novel written by Jim Munroe.	Everyone in Silico	Jim Munroe
author	Séraphîta (French pronunciation: ​(seʁafita)) is a French novel by Honoré de Balzac with themes of androgyny.	Séraphîta	Honoré de Balzac
author	Sheng Si Qiao (Chinese: 生死桥) is a book by Chinese writer Lilian Lee.	Sheng Si Qiao	Lilian Lee
author	Dimsie Moves Up is the second of the Dimsie books by author Dorita Fairlie Bruce.	Dimsie Moves Up	Dorita Fairlie Bruce
author	Sliver of Truth is a novel by bestselling author Lisa Unger.	Sliver of Truth	Lisa Unger
author	``Travels with My Cats'' is a fantasy/magic realism short story by Mike Resnick.	Travels with My Cats	Mike Resnick
author	Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners, or The Brief Relation of the Exceeding Mercy of God in Christ to his Poor Servant John Bunyan is a Puritan spiritual autobiography written by John Bunyan.	Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners	John Bunyan
author	The Defiant Agents is the third novel in The Time Traders series by Andre Norton.	The Defiant Agents	Andre Norton
author	Jailbird is a novel by Kurt Vonnegut, originally published in 1979; it has come to be known as ``his Watergate novel''.	Jailbird	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Missing Head of Damasceno Monteiro (Italian: La testa perduta di Damasceno Monteiro) is a 1997 crime novel by the Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi.	The Missing Head of Damasceno Monteiro	Antonio Tabucchi
author	All Seated on the Ground is a science fiction novella by Connie Willis, originally published in the December 2007 issue of American magazine Asimov's Science Fiction and as a standalone volume from Subterranean Press.	All Seated on the Ground	Connie Willis
author	Jeffrey and Sloth is a children's book by Kari-Lynn Winters and Ben Hodson.	Jeffrey and Sloth	Kari-Lynn Winters
author	The Techniques of Democracy is a book written by Herbert Croly, founder of the magazine The New Republic.	The Techniques of Democracy	Herbert Croly
author	Graziella is an 1852 novel by the French author Alphonse de Lamartine.	Graziella	Alphonse de Lamartine
author	Fatal Terrain is a 1997 techno-thriller novel written by Dale Brown.	Fatal Terrain	Dale Brown
author	The Union Club Mysteries is a collection of mystery short stories by American author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional mystery solver Griswold.	The Union Club Mysteries	Isaac Asimov
author	The Modular Man is a science fiction novel by American writer Roger MacBride Allen.	The Modular Man	Roger MacBride Allen
author	The Ballad of Matthew's Begats (ISBN 978-1-4003-0909-2) is a children's picture book published in 2007, written by Andrew Peterson and illustrated by Cory Godbey.	The Ballad of Matthew's Begats	Andrew Peterson
author	Zeitgehöft (which can be rendered in English as Timestead) is a German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan, published posthumously in 1976.	Zeitgehöft	Paul Celan
author	17 Poems (Swedish: 17 dikter) is a 1954 poetry collection by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer.	17 Poems	Tomas Tranströmer
author	Literary Reflections (1993) was written by American author James A. Michener.	Literary Reflections	James A. Michener
author	The Safety Net (German: Fürsorgliche Belagerung) is a 1979 novel by Heinrich Böll.	The Safety Net	Heinrich Böll
author	Mrs. Mike, the Story of Katherine Mary Flannigan is a novel by Benedict and Nancy Freedman set in the Canadian wilderness during the early 1900s.	Mrs. Mike	Nancy Freedman
author	The Mode series is a quartet of novels by Piers Anthony.	Mode series	Piers Anthony
author	The Conduct of Life is a collection of essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson published in 1860 and revised in 1876.	The Conduct of Life	Ralph Waldo Emerson
author	On the Trail of the Assassins is a 1988 book by Jim Garrison, detailing his role in indicting businessman Clay Shaw for conspiracy to kill U.S. President John F. Kennedy, therefore holding the only trial held for Kennedy's murder.	On the Trail of the Assassins	Jim Garrison
author	The Man in the High Castle (1963) is an alternative history novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.	The Man in the High Castle	Philip K. Dick
author	The Melancholy of Resistance (Hungarian: Az ellenállás melankóliája) is a 1989 novel by the Hungarian writer László Krasznahorkai.	The Melancholy of Resistance	László Krasznahorkai
author	The Daughter of the Lioness series (also known as the Tricksters series) by Tamora Pierce is a duology set in the Tortall universe.	Daughter of the Lioness	Tamora Pierce
author	The Coyote Kings of the Space-Age Bachelor Pad is a comic science fiction novel and social satire written by Edmonton, Alberta, Canada writer and activist Malcolm Azania under the pen name of ``Minister Faust''.	The Coyote Kings of the Space-Age Bachelor Pad	Malcolm Azania
author	The Abyssinian (French: L'Abyssin) is a 1997 historical adventure novel by Jean-Christophe Rufin.	The Abyssinian	Jean-Christophe Rufin
author	Doraemon (Japanese: ドラえもん) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by the manga writing team Fujiko Fujio.	Doraemon	Fujiko Fujio
author	Thank You for Your Service, written by American journalist David Finkel, is the follow up non-fiction book to The Good Soldiers, which chronicles the lives of the 2-16 Infantry Battalion in Baghdad during 2007 and 2008.	Thank You for Your Service	David Finkel
author	Written by Walter B. Gibson, it was submitted for publication as ``The Hand in the Dark'' on August 1, 1931, and published as ``Hands in the Dark'' in the May 1, 1932 issue of The Shadow Magazine.	Hands in the Dark	Walter B. Gibson
author	The Gay Place (1961) is a series of three novellas, with interlocking plots and characters, by American author Billy Lee Brammer.	The Gay Place	Billy Lee Brammer
author	The Song of the Lark is the third novel by American author Willa Cather, written in 1915.	The Song of the Lark	Willa Cather
author	The Caretaker Trilogy is a series of science fiction thrillers with an ecological theme, written for young adults by the award-winning American novelist and screenwriter, David Klass.	The Caretaker Trilogy	David Klass
author	Je vous écris d'Italie (``I write to you from Italy'') is a 1984 novel by the French writer Michel Déon.	Je vous écris d'Italie	Michel Déon
author	The Cold Six Thousand is a 2001 crime fiction novel by James Ellroy.	The Cold Six Thousand	James Ellroy
author	The Chronica Majora is an important medieval illuminated manuscript chronicle written in Latin by Matthew Paris, a Benedictine monk living in the Abbey of St Albans.	Chronica Majora	Matthew Paris
author	Flowers of Asphalt is an unfinished novel attributed to American writer Stephen Crane.	Flowers of Asphalt	Stephen Crane
author	The Crimson Campaign is the second book in The Powder Mage trilogy written by American author Brian McClellan.	The Crimson Campaign	Brian McClellan
author	Orpheus Emerged is a novella written by Jack Kerouac in 1945 when he was at Columbia University.	Orpheus Emerged	Jack Kerouac
author	R Is for Rocket (1962) is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury, compiled for Young Adult library sections.	R Is for Rocket	Ray Bradbury
author	The Spirit of the Liturgy (German: Der Geist der Liturgie) is a 2000 book written by Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger (Pope Benedict XVI) before his ascension to the papacy.	The Spirit of the Liturgy	Benedict XVI
author	The Logia of Yeshua, by Guy Davenport and Benjamin Urrutia, published by Counterpoint Press, is a compendium of canonical and extracanonical sayings of Jesus that are considered authentic by the authors.	The Logia of Yeshua	Benjamin Urrutia
author	Way Up High is a children's book by Hugo- and Nebula-award winning author, Roger Zelazny.	Way Up High	Roger Zelazny
author	Tao of Jeet Kune Do is a book expressing Bruce Lee's martial arts philosophy and viewpoints, published posthumously (after Bruce Lee's death in 1973).	Tao of Jeet Kune Do	Bruce Lee
author	An Answer from Limbo is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore, published in 1962 when he was living in New York.	An Answer from Limbo	Brian Moore
author	Hymner til natten is a Danish play based on the Hymns to the Night by Novalis (published in 1800).	Hymner til natten	Novalis
author	The Singing Tree is a children's novel by Kate Seredy, the sequel to The Good Master.	The Singing Tree	Kate Seredy
author	The Future of an Illusion (German: Die Zukunft einer Illusion) is a 1927 book by Sigmund Freud, describing his interpretation of religion's origins, development, psychoanalysis, and its future.	The Future of an Illusion	Sigmund Freud
author	The Face in the Frost is a short 1969 fantasy novel by author John Bellairs.	The Face in the Frost	John Bellairs
author	``The Disintegration Machine'' is a short story written by Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Disintegration Machine	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the autobiography of Aron Ralston.	Between a Rock and a Hard Place	Aron Ralston
author	Time for the Stars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein published by Scribner's in 1956 as one of the Heinlein juveniles.	Time for the Stars	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace is an influential and widely-cited 1999 book by Lawrence Lessig on the structure and nature of regulation of the internet.	Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace	Lawrence Lessig
author	The Space Odyssey series is a series of science fiction novels by the writer Arthur C. Clarke.	Space Odyssey	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Ah, Wilderness! is a comedy by American playwright Eugene O'Neill that premiered on Broadway at the Guild Theatre on 2 October 1933.	Ah, Wilderness!	Eugene O'Neill
author	Hatter's Castle (1931) is the first novel of author A. J. Cronin.	Hatter's Castle	A. J. Cronin
author	``A Study in Emerald'' is a short story written by British fantasy and graphic novel author Neil Gaiman.	A Study in Emerald	Neil Gaiman
author	The Timeless Land (1941) is a work of historical fiction by Eleanor Dark (1901--1985).	The Timeless Land	Eleanor Dark
author	Equal Rites is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett.	Equal Rites	Terry Pratchett
author	A Burial at Sea, by Charles Finch, is a set aboard a Royal Navy vessel in 1873 and in Egypt during the Victorian era.	A Burial at Sea	Charles Finch
author	In This House of Brede is a novel by Rumer Godden published in 1969.	In This House of Brede	Rumer Godden
author	When Will There Be Good News? is a 2008 crime novel by Kate Atkinson and won the 2009 'Richard & Judy Best Read of the Year' at the British Book Awards.	When Will There Be Good News?	Kate Atkinson
author	The First Princess of Wales (originally published as Sweet Passion's Pain) is a 1984 historical fiction novel by American author Karen Harper.	The First Princess of Wales	Karen Harper
author	Regulatory focus theory (RFT) is a goal pursuit theory formulated by Columbia University psychology professor and researcher E. Tory Higgins regarding peoples' perceptions in the decision making process.	Regulatory focus theory	E. Tory Higgins
author	The Profession is a 2011 thriller novel by Steven Pressfield.	The Profession	Steven Pressfield
author	The Dragon Token is a novel written by author Melanie Rawn.	The Dragon Token	Melanie Rawn
author	The Fiery Heart is the fourth book in Richelle Mead's Bloodlines series and was released on November 19, 2013.	The Fiery Heart	Richelle Mead
author	Sleeping Beauty (short story) is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in Infinity Science Fiction in April 1957, and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart.	Sleeping Beauty (short story)	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Kriyakramakari (Kriyā-kramakarī) is an elaborate commentary in Sanskrit written by Sankara Variar and Narayana, two astronomer-mathematicians belonging to the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics, on Bhaskara II's well-known textbook on mathematics Lilavati.	Kriyakramakari	Sankara Variar
author	Acorna's People (1999) is a fantasy or science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough.	Acorna's People	Anne McCaffrey	Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
author	The Mass Psychology of Fascism (German: Die Massenpsychologie des Faschismus) is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich.	The Mass Psychology of Fascism	Wilhelm Reich
author	The Rock Jockeys (later retitled Devil's Wall) is the fourth novel in the World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen.	The Rock Jockeys	Gary Paulsen
author	Our Lady of the Flowers (Notre Dame des Fleurs) is the debut novel of French writer Jean Genet, first published in 1943.	Our Lady of the Flowers	Jean Genet
author	A Short History of Progress is a non-fiction book and lecture series by Ronald Wright about societal collapse.	A Short History of Progress	Ronald Wright
author	Red Star Over China, a 1937 book by Edgar Snow, is an account of the Communist Party of China written when they were a guerrilla army still obscure to Westerners.	Red Star Over China	Edgar Snow
author	Stopping at Slowyear is a 1991 science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl.	Stopping at Slowyear	Frederik Pohl
author	The Pillars of Society (or ``Pillars of the Community,'' as the RSC has performed it; original Norwegian title: Samfundets støtter) is an 1877 play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.	The Pillars of Society	Henrik Ibsen
author	``Spotted Horses'' is a novella written by William Faulkner and originally published in Scribner's magazine in 1931.	Spotted Horses	William Faulkner
author	Mask and Face of Contemporary Spiritualism (Maschera e volto dello Spiritualismo Contemporaneo: Analisi critica delle principali correnti moderne verso il sovrasensibile) is a work by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola.	Mask and Face of Contemporary Spiritualism	Julius Evola
author	The Towers of Silence is the 1971 novel by Paul Scott that continues his Raj Quartet.	The Towers of Silence	Paul Scott
author	The House of Arden is a novel for children, written in 1908 by English author Edith Nesbit.	The House of Arden	Edith Nesbit
author	Days in the History of Silence (Norwegian: Dager i stillhetens historie) is a 2011 novel by the Norwegian writer Merethe Lindstrøm.	Days in the History of Silence	Merethe Lindstrøm
author	Following the Equator (sometimes titled More Tramps Abroad) is a non-fiction travelogue published by American author Mark Twain in 1897.	Following the Equator	Mark Twain
author	Darkfever is the first novel in the Fever Series written by #1 New York Times Best Selling American author Karen Marie Moning.	Darkfever	Karen Marie Moning
author	A Tenured Professor (1990) is a satirical novel by Canadian/American economist and Professor Emeritus at Harvard, John Kenneth Galbraith, about a liberal university teacher who sets out to change American society by making money and then using it for the public good.	A Tenured Professor	John Kenneth Galbraith
author	Original Stories from Real Life; with Conversations Calculated to Regulate the Affections, and Form the Mind to Truth and Goodness is the only complete work of children's literature by the 18th-century English feminist Mary Wollstonecraft.	Original Stories from Real Life	Mary Wollstonecraft
author	Created by David Gallaher and Steve Ellis High Moon was part of Zuda's initial launch in October 2007.	High Moon	David Gallaher
author	The Rambler was a periodical (strictly, a series of short papers) by Samuel Johnson.	The Rambler	Samuel Johnson
author	L'allegria (Joy/Happiness or better, Merriness) is a collection of poems published by Giuseppe Ungaretti in 1931.	L'allegria	Giuseppe Ungaretti
author	Aggressor Six (1994) is one of the earliest works by science fiction writer Wil McCarthy.	Aggressor Six	Wil McCarthy
author	Backbone Flute (Флейта-позвоночник, Fleita-pozvonochnik) is a poem by Vladimir Mayakovsky written in the autumn of 1915 and first published in December of that year in Vzyal (Взял, Took) almanac, heavily censored.	Backbone Flute	Vladimir Mayakovsky
author	The Midnight Tour is a 1998 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon, originally released by Feature Publishing.	The Midnight Tour	Richard Laymon
author	How Europe Underdeveloped Africa is a 1972 book written by Walter Rodney that takes the view that Africa was deliberately exploited and underdeveloped by European colonial regimes.	How Europe Underdeveloped Africa	Walter Rodney
author	Carcase for Hounds is a novel by Kenyan writer Meja Mwangi first published in 1974.	Carcase for Hounds	Meja Mwangi
author	``The Oval Portrait'' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe involving the disturbing circumstances surrounding a portrait in a chateau.	The Oval Portrait	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Look Back in Anger (1956) is a play by John Osborne.	Look Back in Anger	John Osborne
author	The Hammer and the Cross is the first part of a trilogy written by Harry Harrison and John Holm, a pseudonym for the Tolkien scholar Tom Shippey.	The Hammer and the Cross	Harry Harrison	Tom Shippey
author	Kelroy was published in 1812 by United States writer Rebecca Rush.	Kelroy	Rebecca Rush
author	Places Where They Sing is Volume VI of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1970.	Places Where They Sing	Simon Raven
author	When We Were Orphans is the fifth novel by the British-Japanese author Kazuo Ishiguro, published in 2000.	When We Were Orphans	Kazuo Ishiguro
author	The Beggar Queen (1984) is a fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander, the concluding book of a series often called the Westmark trilogy.	The Beggar Queen	Lloyd Alexander
author	Land of Marvels is a historical novel by the author Barry Unsworth.	Land of Marvels	Barry Unsworth
author	Our Films, Their Films is an anthology of film criticism by noted Bengali filmmaker, composer and writer Satyajit Ray.	Our Films, Their Films	Satyajit Ray
author	Garden of Shadows is a novel by V. C. Andrews and was first published in 1987.	Garden of Shadows	V. C. Andrews
author	Aulularia is a Latin play by the early Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.	Aulularia	Plautus
author	A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy is a book by Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade, also known as Gurudev Ranade, who was an eminent scholar of the Upanishads who specialised in Greek philosophy and emphasized the centrality of a psychological approach as opposed to a theological approach for the proper understanding of the Ultimate Reality.	A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy	Ramachandra Dattatrya Ranade
author	When Corporations Rule the World is an anti-globalization book by David Korten.	When Corporations Rule the World	David Korten
author	Viddikalude Swargam (English: Fool's Paradise) is a Malayalam short story collection by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer published in 1948.	Viddikalude Swargam	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	The Strategy Paradox is a business strategy book by author Michael E. Raynor, who is the Distinguished Fellow with Deloitte Research.	The Strategy Paradox	Michael E. Raynor
author	The Green Algae of North America is an influential early book on American green algae written by algologist Frank Shipley Collins.	The Green Algae of North America	Frank Shipley Collins
author	``Desiderata'' (Latin: ``desired things'') is a 1927 prose poem by American writer Max Ehrmann.	Desiderata	Max Ehrmann
author	The Silverado Squatters (1883) is Robert Louis Stevenson's travel memoir of his two-month honeymoon trip with Fanny Vandegrift (and her son Lloyd Osbourne) to Napa Valley, California, in 1880.	The Silverado Squatters	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Enterprise of Death is a historical fantasy novel by Jesse Bullington, published in 2011.	The Enterprise of Death	Jesse Bullington
author	``The Fun They Had'' is a science fiction story written by Isaac Asimov.	The Fun They Had	Isaac Asimov
author	Motown and Didi is a realistic fiction novel by Walter Dean Myers.	Motown and Didi	Walter Dean Myers
author	The Trojan War Will Not Take Place (French: La guerre de Troie n'aura pas lieu) is a play written in 1935 by French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.	The Trojan War Will Not Take Place	Jean Giraudoux
author	An Incident at Krechetovka Station (Russian: Случай на станции Кречетовка) is a novella written by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and published in the Soviet literary magazine Novyi Mir (New World) in 1963.	An Incident at Krechetovka Station	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
author	Latter-Day Pamphlets was a series of ``pamphlets'' published by Thomas Carlyle in 1850, in vehement denunciation of what he believed to be the political, social, and religious imbecilities and injustices of the period.	Latter-Day Pamphlets	Thomas Carlyle
author	De ortu et progressu morum, or De ortu et progressu morum atque opinionum ad more pertinentium (About the origin and progress of customs and of opinions about customs), is an essay written in 1740 by Jacopo Stellini.	De ortu et progressu morum	Jacopo Stellini
author	Dream of Fair to Middling Women is Samuel Beckett's first novel.	Dream of Fair to Middling Women	Samuel Beckett
author	Vlad the Drac Returns (ISBN 9780583306591) is a book by Ann Jungman, and the sequel to Vlad the Drac.	Vlad the Drac Returns	Ann Jungman
author	Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism is a 1991 book by Fredric Jameson, in which he offers a critique of modernism and postmodernism from a Marxist perspective.	Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism	Fredric Jameson
author	U.S. Acres (known as Orson's Farm outside the United States and on the international version of the former CBS Saturday television series Garfield and Friends) is a comic strip that originally ran from 1986 to 1989, created by Jim Davis, author of the popular comic strip Garfield.	U.S. Acres	Jim Davis
author	The Liveship Traders Trilogy is a trilogy of books by Robin Hobb.	Liveship Traders Trilogy	Robin Hobb
author	Catch Me When I Fall (2005) is a psychological thriller by Nicci French, about a woman unknowingly afflicted with bipolar disorder, and how this sets her life on a spiral of self-destruction, as well as pitting her against a shadowy antagonist.	Catch Me When I Fall	Nicci French
author	Diary 1954 (Pol. Dziennik 1954), a book by Leopold Tyrmand containing his notes from the first three months of 1954.	Diary 1954	Leopold Tyrmand
author	The Revenge of Dracula is a horror novel by Peter Tremayne (pseudonym of Peter Berresford Ellis).	The Revenge of Dracula	Peter Berresford Ellis
author	He Knew He Was Right is an 1869 novel written by Anthony Trollope which describes the failure of a marriage caused by the unreasonable jealousy of a husband exacerbated by the stubbornness of a wilful wife.	He Knew He Was Right	Anthony Trollope
author	The Bad Life (French: La Mauvaise Vie) is a 2005 French novel by Frédéric Mitterrand, the Minister of Culture and Communication of France.	The Bad Life	Frédéric Mitterrand
author	Fidel Castro Handbook is a 2006 book by British politician George Galloway.	Fidel Castro Handbook	George Galloway
author	Miracle Monday is a novel written by Elliot S. Maggin, starring the DC Comics superhero Superman.	Miracle Monday	Elliot S. Maggin
author	The Pigeon (German: Die Taube) is a novella by Patrick Süskind about the fictional character Jonathan Noel, a solitary Parisian bank security guard who undergoes an existential crisis when a pigeon roosts in front of his one-room apartment's door, prohibiting him entrance to his private sanctuary.	The Pigeon	Patrick Süskind
author	The Last Days of Mankind (German: Die letzten Tage der Menschheit) is a satirical play by Karl Kraus.	The Last Days of Mankind	Karl Kraus
author	The Art of Computer Programming (sometimes known by its initials TAOCP) is a comprehensive monograph written by Donald Knuth that covers many kinds of programming algorithms and their analysis.	The Art of Computer Programming	Donald Knuth
author	The Weir is a play written by Conor McPherson in 1997.	The Weir	Conor McPherson
author	Through the Arc of the Rain Forest is the first novel published by Japanese-American author Karen Tei Yamashita.	Through the Arc of the Rain Forest	Karen Tei Yamashita
author	The Eolian Harp is a poem written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1795 and published in his 1796 poetry collection.	The Eolian Harp	Samuel Taylor Coleridge
author	Venetian Masque is a 1934 adventure novel written by the Anglo-Italian writer Rafael Sabatini.	Venetian Masque	Rafael Sabatini
author	Dragon and Liberator is the final book of Timothy Zahn's Dragonback series.	Dragon and Liberator	Timothy Zahn
author	Piggie Pie is a 1995 children's picture book by Margie Palatini.	Piggie Pie	Margie Palatini
author	Bagombo Snuff Box is an assortment of short stories written by Kurt Vonnegut published in 1999.	Bagombo Snuff Box	Kurt Vonnegut
author	Light in August is a 1932 novel by the Southern American author William Faulkner.	Light in August	William Faulkner
author	In the Claws of Brightness (Filipino: Sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag), is a 1986 Tagalog language novel written by Filipino author Edgardo M. Reyes, originally serialized in Liwayway magazine from 1966 to 1967.	In the Claws of Brightness	Edgardo M. Reyes
author	Folklore of Assam is a comprehensive book on Assamese folklore authored by Jogesh Das.	Folklore of Assam	Jogesh Das
author	The Long Journey (Danish: Den Lange Rejse) is a series of six novels by Danish author and poet Johannes V. Jensen, written between 1908 and 1922.	The Long Journey	Johannes V. Jensen
author	The Sand Dwellers is a horror novel of the Cthulhu Mythos by author Adam Niswander.	The Sand Dwellers	Adam Niswander
author	My 60 Memorable Games is a chess book by Bobby Fischer, first published in 1969.	My 60 Memorable Games	Bobby Fischer
author	Mike's Election Guide 2008 is a 2008 political book by American filmmaker Michael Moore.	Mike's Election Guide 2008	Michael Moore
author	Christ in Rome ( Greek: Ο Χριστός στη Ρώμη ) is the a tragedy by Angelos Sikelianos, written and published in 1946.	Christ in Rome	Angelos Sikelianos
author	Our Country's Good is a 1988 play written by British playwright, Timberlake Wertenbaker, adapted from the Thomas Keneally novel The Playmaker.	Our Country's Good	Timberlake Wertenbaker
author	A Swiftly Tilting Planet (1978) is a science fiction novel by Madeleine L'Engle, the third book in the Time Quintet.	A Swiftly Tilting Planet	Madeleine L'Engle
author	The Recognitions, published in 1955, is American author William Gaddis's first novel.	The Recognitions	William Gaddis
author	The Torrents of Spring is a novella written by Ernest Hemingway, published in 1926.	The Torrents of Spring	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Angry Espers is a science-fiction novel written by Lloyd Biggle, Jr. and published by Ace Books as half of Ace Double #D-485 in 1961.	The Angry Espers	Lloyd Biggle, Jr.
author	``The Jigsaw Man'' is a short story in the Known Space universe by Larry Niven.	The Jigsaw Man	Larry Niven
author	The New Policeman is a children's fantasy novel by Kate Thompson, published by Bodley Head in 2005.	The New Policeman	Kate Thompson
author	The Long Valley is a collection of short stories written by the American author John Steinbeck.	The Long Valley	John Steinbeck
author	The Years is a 1937 novel by Virginia Woolf, the last she published in her lifetime.	The Years	Virginia Woolf
author	``A Momentary Taste of Being'' is a science fiction novella written by Alice Bradley Sheldon, published under the pseudonym James Tiptree, Jr. in the 1975 anthology, The New Atlantis and Other Novellas of Science Fiction (also featuring stories by Gene Wolfe and Ursula K. Le Guin).	A Momentary Taste of Being	Alice Bradley Sheldon
author	Everyone Worth Knowing is Lauren Weisberger's second novel.	Everyone Worth Knowing	Lauren Weisberger
author	Fox Evil is a novel by British crime-writer Minette Walters.	Fox Evil	Minette Walters
author	Lupo Alberto (``Alberto the Wolf'') is an Italian comic book series created by Guido Silvestri (Silver) in 1974.	Lupo Alberto	Silver
author	The Deputy, a Christian tragedy (German: Der Stellvertreter. Ein christliches Trauerspiel), also known as The Representative (although a more accurate translation would be The Vicar), is a controversial 1963 play by Rolf Hochhuth which portrayed Pope Pius XII as having failed to take action or speak out against the Holocaust.	The Deputy	Rolf Hochhuth
author	Berge Meere und Giganten (Mountains Seas and Giants) is a 1924 science fiction novel by German author Alfred Döblin.	Berge Meere und Giganten	Alfred Döblin
author	``Kaa's Hunting'' is an 1893 short story by Rudyard Kipling featuring Mowgli.	Kaa's Hunting	Rudyard Kipling
author	Salaam, Paris is a novel written by Kavita Daswani, who is a columnist for Women's Wear Daily.	Salaam, Paris	Kavita Daswani
author	Dragon Raja (Korean:드래곤 라자; abbreviated as 드라) is the first series of fantasy novels written by Lee Yeongdo, one of the most famous fantasy novelists in South Korea.	Dragon Raja	Lee Yeongdo
author	The Time Keeper is a work of inspirational fiction by author Mitch Albom.	The Time Keeper	Mitch Albom
author	Me Before You is a romantic novel written by Jojo Moyes.	Me Before You	Jojo Moyes
author	Lisey's Story is a novel by Stephen King that combines the elements of psychological horror and romance.	Lisey's Story	Stephen King
author	Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu is a collection of four major dramas by the famous Japanese playwright Chikamatsu Monzaemon.	Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu	Chikamatsu Monzaemon
author	The Pig Who Saved the World is the sequel to The Pig Scrolls, both of which have been written by Paul Shipton.	The Pig Who Saved the World	Paul Shipton
author	The Passover Plot is a controversial, best-selling 1965 book, by British biblical scholar Hugh J. Schonfield who also published a translation of the New Testament with a Jewish perspective.	The Passover Plot	Hugh J. Schonfield
author	The Death of the Earth (French: La Mort de la Terre) is a 1910 Belgian novel by J.-H. Rosny aîné.	La Mort de la Terre	J.-H. Rosny aîné
author	Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard? is a comic novella by Georges Perec.	Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard?	Georges Perec
author	Triggerfish Twist is the fourth book in Tim Dorsey's as-yet unnamed series of books which were centered on Serge A. Storms.	Triggerfish Twist	Tim Dorsey
author	Dr. Fell, Detective, and Other Stories, is a mystery short story collection written by John Dickson Carr and first published in the US by Lawrence E. Spivak (The American Mercury) in 1947.	Dr. Fell, Detective, and Other Stories	John Dickson Carr
author	Madame de Sade is a 1965 play written by Yukio Mishima.	Madame de Sade	Yukio Mishima
author	The Kingdom of God Is Within You (Russian: Царство Божие внутри вас (Tsarstvo Bozhiye vnutri vas)) is a non-fiction book written by Leo Tolstoy.	The Kingdom of God Is Within You	Leo Tolstoy
author	Les amitiés particulières is a 1943 novel by French writer Roger Peyrefitte, probably his best-known work today, which won the prix Renaudot.	Les amitiés particulières	Roger Peyrefitte
author	The Rome-Berlin Axis is a 1949 book by British historian Elizabeth Wiskemann.	The Rome-Berlin Axis	Elizabeth Wiskemann
author	The Book of the Knight of the Tower (full French title: Livre pour l'enseignement de ses filles du Chevalier de La Tour Landry) is a book commenced by Geoffroy IV de la Tour Landry in 1371, and which he continued writing at least until 1372.	The Book of the Knight of the Tower	Geoffroy IV de la Tour Landry
author	Back of Sunset is a 1959 Australian novel from Jon Cleary.	Back of Sunset	Jon Cleary
author	The Best Christmas Pageant Ever (titled ``The Worst Kids in the World'' in Australia, New Zealand and the UK) is a book written by Barbara Robinson in 1971.	The Best Christmas Pageant Ever	Barbara Robinson
author	Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation is a book written by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson on the phenomena of what he calls spontaneous recall of information about previous lives by young children.	Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation	Ian Stevenson
author	Iron Council (2004) is China Miéville's fourth novel and his third set in the Bas-Lag universe, following Perdido Street Station (2000) and The Scar (2002), although each can be read independently of the others.	Iron Council	China Miéville
author	Sophistical Refutations (Greek: Σοφιστικοὶ Ἔλεγχοι; Latin: De Sophisticis Elenchis) is a text in Aristotle's Organon in which he identified thirteen fallacies.	Sophistical Refutations	Aristotle
author	Fact, Fiction, and Forecast is a book by Nelson Goodman in which he explores some problems regarding scientific law and counterfactual conditionals and presents his New Riddle of Induction.	Fact, Fiction, and Forecast	Nelson Goodman
author	The Firm of Girdlestone is a novel by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Firm of Girdlestone	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing is a biography of musician Elliott Smith by Benjamin Nugent.	Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing	Benjamin Nugent
author	Dear Sandra is an artist book created by Atom Egoyan, inspired by and dedicated to the Luchino Visconti film, Vaghe stelle dell'Orsa.	Dear Sandra	Atom Egoyan
author	Desh Ka Bhavishya is the second and the final volume of Yashpal's Jhutha Sach.	Desh Ka Bhavishya	Yashpal
author	Assassination Vacation is a book by Sarah Vowell, published in 2005, in which she travels around the United States researching the assassinations of U.S. Presidents Abraham Lincoln, William McKinley and James Garfield.	Assassination Vacation	Sarah Vowell
author	An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter by César Aira was first published in 2000.	An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter	César Aira
author	The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album is a 1991 book, by Matt Groening, that mimics a family album that the Simpsons television family would have.	The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album	Matt Groening
author	The Four Million is the second published collection of short stories by O. Henry originally released in 1906.	The Four Million	O. Henry
author	The Last Dream is a collection of fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson.	The Last Dream	Gordon R. Dickson
author	The Moral Animal is a 1994 book by Robert Wright.	The Moral Animal	Robert Wright
author	In April 2012, Doc Searls' book The Intention Economy:	The Intention Economy	Doc Searls
author	Refugee Boy is a teen novel written by Benjamin Zephaniah.	Refugee Boy	Benjamin Zephaniah
author	Kesey's Garage Sale is a collection of essays written by Ken Kesey.	Kesey's Garage Sale	Ken Kesey
author	``The House of Asterion'' (original Spanish title: ``La casa de Asterión'') is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges, first published in Los Anales de Buenos Aires in May 1947.	The House of Asterion	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Sign of the Seahorse is a 1992 illustrated children's book by Graeme Base.	The Sign of the Seahorse	Graeme Base
author	Monday's Warriors is a 1990 historical novel by New Zealand author Maurice Shadbolt.	Monday's Warriors	Maurice Shadbolt
author	Marco's Millions (2001) is a science fiction novel by William Sleator.	Marco's Millions	William Sleator
author	Nigger Heaven is a 1926 novel written by Carl Van Vechten, set during the Harlem Renaissance in the United States in the 1920s.	Nigger Heaven	Carl Van Vechten
author	Storm Rising is a 1995 fantasty novel by Mercedes Lackey, second in her Mage Storms trilogy.	Storm Rising	Mercedes Lackey
author	Brody's Ghost is a graphic novel, written and drawn by Mark Crilley, and published by Dark Horse Books.	Brody's Ghost	Mark Crilley
author	Pirate Latitudes is an action adventure novel by Michael Crichton, concerning 17th century piracy in the Caribbean.	Pirate Latitudes	Michael Crichton
author	Buffalo Girls is a 1990 novel written by American author Larry McMurtry about Calamity Jane (Martha Jane Cannary, 1852-1903).	Buffalo Girls	Larry McMurtry
author	Ball Four is a book written by former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton in 1970.	Ball Four	Jim Bouton
author	Before We Say Goodbye, first published as Prima di Lasciarsi, is a 2004 novel by Gabriella Ambrosio.	Before We Say Goodbye	Gabriella Ambrosio
author	Murder at the Margin (1978) is a whodunnit written by U.S. economists William Breit and Kenneth G. Elzinga using the joint pseudonym Marshall Jevons.	Murder at the Margin	Kenneth G. Elzinga
author	Remember Jack Hoxie is a 1969 novel written by Australian author Jon Cleary.	Remember Jack Hoxie	Jon Cleary
author	On the Murder of Eratosthenes is a speech by Lysias, one of the ``Canon of Ten'' Attic orators.	On the Murder of Eratosthenes	Lysias
author	Five Star Billionaire is a novel by Tash Aw, published in 2013.	Five Star Billionaire	Tash Aw
author	Micrographia is a historically significant book by Robert Hooke about his observations through various lenses.	Micrographia	Robert Hooke
author	The Man of Reason: ``Male'' and ``Female'' in Western Philosophy is a 1984 book by the Australian philosopher Genevieve Lloyd.	The Man of Reason	Genevieve Lloyd
author	A Legend of Montrose is an historical novel by Sir Walter Scott, set in Scotland in the 1640s during the Civil War.	A Legend of Montrose	Walter Scott
author	Marvels is a four-issue limited series comic book written by Kurt Busiek, painted by Alex Ross and edited by Marcus McLaurin.	Marvels	Alex Ross
author	The Mystery of Being (French: Le Mystère de l'être) is a two-volume book of existential philosophy by Gabriel Marcel.	The Mystery of Being	Gabriel Marcel
author	Mists of Dawn is a juvenile science fiction novel by science fiction writer and anthropologist Chad Oliver first published in 1952 by John C. Winston, Co. as a part of the Winston Science Fiction series of juvenile novels.	Mists of Dawn	Chad Oliver
author	Al Que Quiere! is a collection of 52 poems by William Carlos Williams, published in 1917 by the Four Seas Company of Boston, Massachusetts.	Al Que Quiere!	William Carlos Williams
author	Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo is the first novel by Oscar Zeta Acosta and it focuses on his own self-discovery in a fictionalized manner.	Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo	Oscar Zeta Acosta
author	Home Free! is a one-act play by American playwright Lanford Wilson.	Home Free!	Lanford Wilson
author	No Good Duke Goes Unpunished is a historical romance written by Sarah MacLean and published by Avon in 2013.	No Good Duke Goes Unpunished	Sarah MacLean
author	Ways of Dying is a 1995 novel by South African novelist and playwright Zakes Mda.	Ways of Dying	Zakes Mda
author	36 Children is a 1967 guide to teaching in impoverished schools, based on the personal experiences of the debut author, Herbert Kohl.	36 Children	Herbert Kohl
author	The Boy in the River is a 2012 book by British author and criminologist Richard Hoskins about the 'Adam' murder case.	The Boy in the River	Richard Hoskins
author	The Ashes of Eden is a Star Trek novel co-written by William Shatner, Judith Reeves-Stevens, and Garfield Reeves-Stevens as part of the ``Shatnerverse'' series of novels.	The Ashes of Eden	William Shatner
author	Treason by the Book, by Jonathan Spence, is a historical account of the Zeng Jing (曾靜) case which took place during the reign of the Yongzheng Emperor of China, around the 1730s.	Treason by the Book	Jonathan Spence
author	The Godwulf Manuscript is the debut crime novel by Robert B. Parker	The Godwulf Manuscript	Robert B. Parker
author	The Toyminator is a novel by the British author Robert Rankin.	The Toyminator	Robert Rankin
author	Selected from Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed is a collection that contains the Ray Bradbury short story ``Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed'' with several essays about the story.	Selected from Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed	Ray Bradbury
author	Talents and Admirers (Talanty y poklonniki, Russian: Таланты и поклонники) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky premiered on December 20, 1881, in Maly Theatre.	Talents and Admirers	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	The Native Star is a historical fantasy novel, and the first novel from writer M. K. Hobson.	The Native Star	M. K. Hobson
author	The Soul of a New Machine is a non-fiction book written by Tracy Kidder and published in 1981.	The Soul of a New Machine	Tracy Kidder
author	Minor Morals for Young People is a work of Children's literature by John Bowring, published in three parts from 1834 to 1839.	Minor Morals for Young People	John Bowring
author	Absolute Midnight is the third book in the New York Times best-selling Abarat series by Clive Barker.	Absolute Midnight	Clive Barker
author	An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States is a 1913 book by American historian Charles A. Beard.	An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States	Charles A. Beard
author	The Mandrake (Italian: La Mandragola (la manˈdraːɡola)) is a satirical play by Italian Renaissance philosopher Niccolò Machiavelli.	The Mandrake	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	The Sorrow of Belgium (Dutch: Het verdriet van België) is a novel by the Belgian author Hugo Claus published in 1983.	The Sorrow of Belgium	Hugo Claus
author	Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II is an anthology of fantasy novellas, edited by Lin Carter.	Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II	Lin Carter
award received	Dieter Damerius (born 17 April 1924) was a Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Dieter Damerius	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Hans Reimling (17 January 1918 -- 7 March 1943) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans Reimling	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	John Alphonsus Murphy (February 26, 1881 -- November 29, 1935) was an American drummer serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Boxer Rebellion who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	John Alphonsus Murphy	Medal of Honor
award received	Rolv Ryssdal was appointed Commander with Star of the Order of St. Olav in 1970.	Rolv Ryssdal	Order of St. Olav
award received	Ralph Lee's work has been acknowledged by several individual awards, including a 2003 Guggenheim Fellowship, a 1996 New York State Governor's Arts Award, and a 1996 DTW Bessie Award.	Ralph Lee	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Hans Schleef (19 July 1920 -- 31 December 1944) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. He is one of the two pilots that most probably shot down the famous Soviet female fighter pilot, Lydia Litvyak.	Hans Schleef	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Zhang Jilin (simplified Chinese: 张继林; traditional Chinese: 張繼林; pinyin: Zhāng Jìlín; born June 24, 1986) is a Chinese chess Woman Grandmaster.	Zhang Jilin	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Captain James Dalgleish Pollock VC (3 June 1890 -- 10 May 1958) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Dalgleish Pollock	Victoria Cross
award received	Helge Jordal (born 17 February 1946 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian actor, appointed a Knight of the Royal Order of St. Olav in 2006 for his long career as an actor on both screen and stage, and his position as a ``grand old man'' among Norwegian actors.	Helge Jordal	Order of St. Olav
award received	Heinz Ebeling (2 January 1918 -- 30 November 1987) was a Luftwaffe Staffelkapitän and flying ace during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Heinz Ebeling	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Henry William Pitcher VC (20 December 1841 -- 5 July 1875) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Henry William Pitcher	Victoria Cross
award received	James Henry Mills (May 2, 1923 -- November 11, 1973) was the only Polk County, Florida native to receive the Medal of Honor in World War II. He joined the Army from his birth city in September 1943.	James Henry Mills	Medal of Honor
award received	Mrunalini Kunte (Marathi: मृणालिनी कुंटे) (born 1973) is an Indian chess player and a Woman International Master.	Mrunalini Kunte	Woman International Master
award received	Ambrose Kiapseni was awarded the title of Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for services to the Roman Catholic Church as the Bishop of Kavieng in June 2009.	Ambrose Kiapseni	Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George
award received	Blitzcat is a 1989 novel by Robert Westall, and recipient of the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize.	Blitzcat	Nestlé Smarties Book Prize
award received	Duncan Millar VC also known as Miller (19 June 1824 -- 7 July 1881) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Duncan Millar	Victoria Cross
award received	Anna Zatonskih (Ukrainian: Ганна Затонських; born Mariupol, July 17, 1978) is a Ukrainian-born American chess player who holds the titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Anna Zatonskih	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Mrinalini Sarabhai has been awarded by the Indian government with the national civilian awards Padma Bhushan in 1992 and the Padma Shri in 1965.	Mrinalini Sarabhai	Padma Bhushan	Padma Shri
award received	The Jimi Hendrix Experience was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005.	Jimi Hendrix	UK Music Hall of Fame
award received	Ashot Nadanian (sometimes transliterated as Nadanyan; Armenian: Աշոտ Նադանյան; born September 19, 1972) is an Armenian chess International Master (1997), chess theoretician and chess coach.	Ashot Nadanian	International Master
award received	On April 20, 2009, the Las Vegas Sun was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for coverage of the high death rate of construction workers on the Las Vegas Strip amid lax enforcement of regulations.	Las Vegas Sun	Pulitzer Prize for Public Service
award received	Katherine Esau (3 April 1898 -- 4 June 1997) was a German-American botanist who received the National Medal of Science for her work on plant anatomy.	Katherine Esau	National Medal of Science
award received	Curtis F. Shoup (January 11, 1921 -- January 7, 1945) received the Medal of Honor for acts of bravery near Tillet in Belgium (now a deelgemeente of Sainte-Ode) on January 7, 1945.	Curtis F. Shoup	Medal of Honor
award received	Lilit Mkrtchian (Armenian: Լիլիթ Մկրտչյան; born 9 August 1982 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess player, who holds the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM), and four-time Armenian women's chess champion.	Lilit Mkrtchian	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Bernhard Klosterkemper (17 April 1897 -- 19 July 1962) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II, a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Bernhard Klosterkemper	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	On September 29, 2011, Ina May Gaskin was announced as a co-winner of the 2011 Right Livelihood Award.	Ina May Gaskin	Right Livelihood Award
award received	Vasily Degtyaryov was awarded the USSR's State Stalin Prize in 1941, 1942, 1944, and 1949 (posthumously).	Vasily Degtyaryov	State Stalin Prize
award received	Gayle Reaves is an American journalist who won a Pulitzer Prize and a George Polk Award.	Gayle Reaves	George Polk Award
award received	Priyamani gained widespread recognition for her role as village girl Muththazhagu in the Tamil film Paruthiveeran in 2007, receiving National Film Award for Best Actress and Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress for her performance.	Priyamani	National Film Award for Best Actress
award received	16 November 1943 - Flight Lieutenant Anthony Norman Davis (43544) of No. 16 Squadron is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC).	Anthony Norman Davis	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Helmut Ringler (4 October 1915 -- 22 June 1962) was a decorated leutnant in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Helmut Ringler	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 1818 Bernard Seurre won the Prix de Rome for sculpture with a relief on the subject Chilonis imploring mercy for her husband Cleombrotus He then produced sculptures for the Arc de Triomphe between 1833 and 1836 and produced a design for a sculpture on top of it in 1833 (though this was never realized).	Bernard Seurre	Prix de Rome
award received	Russell Alan Hulse (born November 28, 1950) is an American physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics, shared with his thesis advisor Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr., ``for the discovery of a new type of pulsar, a discovery that has opened up new possibilities for the study of gravitation''.	Russell Alan Hulse	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	On 26 May 2009, it was pronounced at an arrangement at the Ibsen Museum in Oslo by the leader of the committee, actress Liv Ullmann, that Ariane Mnouchkine was this year's winner of the International Ibsen Award.	Ariane Mnouchkine	International Ibsen Award
award received	Vesna Mišanović (born 27 November 1964 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster.	Vesna Mišanović	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Behroze Sabzwari received the Pride of Performance on 23 March 2009 for his services to the Pakistani television industry for more than 40 years.	Behroze Sabzwari	Pride of Performance
award received	Thorbjørn Egner received the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1972 and Cappelen Prize in 1979.	Thorbjørn Egner	Order of St. Olav	Cappelen Prize
award received	Once described as the ``classiest male weepie ever filmed'', Family Diary is an exemplary adaptation of the semi-autobiographical Vasco Pratolini novel Two Brothers, and won Zurlini a shared Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.	Family Diary	Golden Lion
award received	Harry Sacksioni was made a Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau, decorated by Klaas Tammes, mayor of the municipality of Buren, during a concert in the Agnietenhof in Tiel on 9 May 2009.	Harry Sacksioni	Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau
award received	Erdmann Gabriel (7 November 1911 -- 28 January 1996) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Erdmann Gabriel	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Mark Frye (born 1957) is a two-time Emmy Award winning musician and composer.	Mark Frye	Emmy Award
award received	Dagur Arngrímsson (born 14 January 1987) is an Icelandic chess International Master.	Dagur Arngrímsson	International Master
award received	Vinay Bhat (born June 4, 1984) is an American chess Grandmaster.	Vinay Bhat	Grandmaster
award received	The Reverend and Learned Thomas Crofts FRS FSA (1722 -- 8 November 1781) was a British bibliophile, Anglican priest, Fellow of the Royal Society and European traveller.	Thomas Crofts	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Ermil Gheorghiu (13 February 1896, Botoșani - 14 January 1977, Bucharest) was a Romanian Major General, commander of the Romanian Air Force during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Ermil Gheorghiu	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	George Jacob Richards (April 12, 1891 - October 1, 1984) was an American Major General who was a recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal and Legion of Merit during World War II. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.	George Jacob Richards	Legion of Merit
award received	Klaus Wenke (24 March 1916 -- 1 November 1944) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant zur See of the Reserves in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Klaus Wenke	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Antoine Joux (born 1967) is a French cryptographer, one of the three 2013 Gödel Prize laureates., specifically cited for his paper A one round protocol for tripartite Diffie-Hellman.	Antoine Joux	Gödel Prize
award received	Varsha Adalja, (Hindi: वर्षा अदालजा Gujarati: વર્ષા અડાલજા; born April 10, 1940 in Mumbai), full name Varsha Mahendra Adalja, is a Gujarati feminist novelist, playwright and negotiator who won the 1995 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for her novel Ansar.	Varsha Adalja	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Monica Seles (Hungarian: Szeles Mónika, Serbian: Моника Селеш, Monika Seleš, pronounced (ˈsɛlɛʃ), born December 2, 1973) is a former Yugoslav world no. 1 professional tennis player and a member of the International Tennis Hall of Fame.	Monica Seles	International Tennis Hall of Fame
award received	Ellen Weiss (born January 30, 1959) is a journalist and four-time Peabody Award winner.	Ellen Weiss	Peabody Award
award received	Albert Brunner (17 July 1918 -- 7 May 1943) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Brunner claimed 53 aerial victories, all over the Eastern Front.	Albert Brunner	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor has been deemed ``culturally significant'' by the United States Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.	Popeye the Sailor Meets Sindbad the Sailor	National Film Registry
award received	Vyacheslav Koloskov was awarded by Order of the Badge of Honor (1980), Order of Friendship of Peoples (1989), Order of Merit for the Fatherland (1996).	Vyacheslav Koloskov	Order of Friendship of Peoples
award received	Alisa Marić, PhD (Serbian Cyrillic: Алиса Марић, pronounced (alǐsa mǎːritɕ); born January 10, 1970) is a Serbian chess player, who holds the FIDE titles of Woman Grandmaster and International Master.	Alisa Marić	Woman Grandmaster	International Master
award received	A City of Sadness was the first Taiwanese film to win the Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival.	A City of Sadness	Golden Lion
child	Zhang Zongxun's son, Zhang Youxia, is a veteran of the 1979 Sino-Vietnamese War, and a top general of the PLA.	Zhang Zongxun	Zhang Youxia
child	The Bibliotheca (Library) of Pseudo-Apollodorus states that Hecuba had a son named Troilus with the god Apollo.	Hecuba	Troilus
child	The modern scholars are divided in opinion regarding the immediate successor of Kumaragupta I. While some scholars opine that he was succeeded by his son Skandagupta, other scholars contend that he was succeeded by his other son, Purugupta.	Kumaragupta I	Skandagupta	Purugupta
child	Iltutmish's son Nasiruddin Mahmud, Governor of Awadh was tasked with dealing with Bengal.	Iltutmish	Nasiruddin Mahmud
child	Methuselah was the son of Enoch, the father of Lamech, and the grandfather of Noah.	Methuselah	Lamech
child	Ereleuva (born before AD 440, died c. 500?) was the mother of the Ostrogothic king Theoderic the Great.	Ereleuva	Theoderic the Great
child	They had six children including Adelbert Ames Jr. and Butler Ames.	Adelbert Ames	Butler Ames
child	The vizier Babaef II was probably a son of Duaenre.	Duaenre	Babaef II
child	Gianfrancesco I Pico (died 8 november 1467) was an Italian condottiero and nobleman, the father to philosopher Giovanni Pico della Mirandola.	Gianfrancesco I Pico	Giovanni Pico della Mirandola
child	Tokiwa Gozen (常盤御前) (1138 -- c. 1180), or Lady Tokiwa, was a Japanese noblewoman of the late Heian period and mother of the great samurai general Minamoto no Yoshitsune.	Tokiwa Gozen	Minamoto no Yoshitsune
child	Akbar then fored the Subahs of Ahmadnagar, Berar and Khandesh under Prince Daniyal.	Akbar	Prince Daniyal
child	He is the father of engraver Théo Schmied, who directed François-Louis Schmied's workshop beginning in 1924.	François-Louis Schmied	Théo Schmied
child	Inga of Varteig (Inga fra Varteig) (c.1185 --1234) was the mistress of King Haakon III of Norway and the mother of King Haakon IV of Norway.	Inga of Varteig	Haakon IV of Norway
child	Rhea Kohan (née Arnold) is an American novelist, wife of Emmy award-winning writer, producer, and composer, Buz Kohan, and mother of twins Jono and David, and Jenji Kohan.	Rhea Kohan	Jenji Kohan
child	Cao Cao was an accomplished poet, as were his sons Cao Pi and Cao Zhi.	Cao Cao	Cao Zhi
child	Aelia Galla Placidia (388 -- 27 November 450), daughter of the Roman Emperor Theodosius I, was the Regent for Emperor Valentinian III from 423 until his majority in 437, and a major force in Roman politics for most of her life.	Galla Placidia	Valentinian III
child	Gorm and Thyra were the parents of King Harald Bluetooth.	Thyra	Harald Bluetooth
child	Illyrian women led armies in battle, a skill that Audata taught her only child, her daughter Cynane.	Audata	Cynane
child	Charles Rohault de Fleury was born in Paris on 22 September 1801, son of the architect Charles Hubert Rohault de Fleury (1777--1846).	Charles Rohault de Fleury	Hubert Rohault de Fleury
child	Hodoedocus was the father of Oileus by Agrianome, daughter of Perseon, and of Calliarus by Laonome.	Hodoedocus	Oileus
child	Li Siyuan subsequently, believing the rumors of Li Renfu's secret communications with Khitan Empire, tried to move Li Renfu's son and successor Li Yichao to nearby Zhangwu Circuit (彰武, headquartered in modern Yan'an, Shaanxi) while moving Zhangwu's military governor An Congjin to Dingnan.	Li Renfu	Li Yichao
child	Marie Jean Pierre Flourens (13 April 1794 -- 6 December 1867), father of Gustave Flourens, was a French physiologist, the founder of experimental brain science and a pioneer in anesthesia.	Jean Pierre Flourens	Gustave Flourens
child	The Shelleys left Britain in 1818 for Italy, where their second and third children died before Mary Shelley gave birth to her last and only surviving child, Percy Florence Shelley.	Mary Shelley	Percy Florence Shelley
child	John Dickens (21 August 1785 -- 31 March 1851) was the father of English novelist Charles Dickens and was the model for Mr Micawber in his son's semi-autobiographical novel David Copperfield.	John Dickens	Charles Dickens
child	He was the grandfather of American lyricist Oscar Hammerstein II and the father of theater manager William Hammerstein and American producer Arthur Hammerstein	Oscar Hammerstein I	Arthur Hammerstein
child	Choi Moo-ryong (February 25, 1928 -- November 11, 1999) was South Korean actor, producer, and director who is father of Choi Min-soo	Choi Moo-ryong	Choi Min-soo
child	Sir James Rushout, 2nd Baronet Sir John Rushout, 4th Baronet Elizabeth, who married firstly Sir George Thorold, 1st Baronet, and secondly George Compton, 4th Earl of Northampton.	James Rushout	Sir John Rushout, 4th Baronet
child	In a sharply contrasting narrative from around 950, the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus states that instead of Álmos, his son Árpád was the first supreme head of the Hungarian tribes, and that Árpád's election was initiated by the Khazar khagan.	Álmos	Árpád
child	Helga Molander, born as Ruth Werner on 19 March 1896 in Königshütte, Silesia, Germany (present-day Chorzów, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland), died in 1986, was a German actress and mother of Hans Eysenck.	Helga Molander	Hans Eysenck
child	In 930, Yang Pu created his oldest son Yang Lian, whom he had previously created the Prince of Jiangdu, crown prince.	Yang Pu	Yang Lian
child	Margareta Slots or Margareta Cabiljau (died 1669) was the royal mistress of king Gustav II Adolf of Sweden and the mother of Gustav of Vasaborg.	Margareta Slots	Gustav of Vasaborg
child	Anne Caroline Salisbury (1805 -- 3 May 1881) was the wife of Edwyn Burnaby, and mother of Edwyn Sherard Burnaby and Caroline Louisa Burnaby.	Anne Caroline Salisbury	Edwyn Sherard Burnaby
conflict	Captain Harry Gosford Reeves (30 September 1896 -- 24 January 1918) was a British World War I flying ace credited with 13 aerial victories while flying various models of Nieuport aircraft.	Harry Gosford Reeves	World War I
conflict	Group Captain Frederick Sowrey, DSO, MC, AFC (25 July 1893 -- 21 October 1968) was a British officer began his career as a World War I flying ace credited with thirteen aerial victories.	Frederick Sowrey	World War I
conflict	Tenente Silvio Scaroni (12 May 1893 -- 16 February 1977) was an Italian World War I fighter pilot credited with 26 victories.	Silvio Scaroni	World War I
conflict	Kenneth Cecil Bunch (21 January 1919 -- 6 June 1942) was a United States Naval Aviator, who was posthumously awarded the Air Medal for his actions during the Battle of Midway.	Kenneth Cecil Bunch	Battle of Midway
conflict	Rudolf Trenkel (17 January 1918 -- 26 April 2001) was a German World War II Luftwaffe 138 victories Flying ace and recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Rudolf Trenkel	World War II
conflict	Louis Wardlaw Miles (March 23, 1873 - June 26, 1944), was a World War I Medal of Honor recipient.	Louis Wardlaw Miles	World War I
conflict	Alfons König (29 December 1898 -- 8 July 1944) was a German officer in the infantry, serving during World War II and a recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.	Alfons König	World War II
conflict	Corporal George Ferrari (1845 -- unknown) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars.	George Ferrari	Apache Wars
conflict	Vizefeldwebel Friedrich Ehmann was a German World War I flying ace credited with eight confirmed aerial victories.	Friedrich Ehmann	World War I
conflict	Captain Frederick Dudley Travers was an English World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.	Frederick Dudley Travers	World War I
constellation	Zeta Boötis (ζ Boo, ζ Boötis) is a binary star system in the constellation of Boötes that consists of two giant stars with matching stellar classifications of A2III.	Zeta Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Omega Boötis (ω Boo, ω Boötis) is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	Omega Boötis	Boötes
constellation	NGC 4567 and NGC 4568 (nicknamed the Siamese Twins or the Butterfly Galaxies) are a set of spiral galaxies about 60 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4567 and NGC 4568	Virgo
constellation	Epsilon Scorpii (ε Sco, ε Scorpii) is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Scorpius.	Epsilon Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	Beta Scuti (β Sct, β Scuti) is a star in the constellation Scutum.	Beta Scuti	Scutum
constellation	NGC 2360, also known as Caroline's Cluster, is an open cluster in the constellation Canis Major.	NGC 2360	Canis Major
constellation	7 Cancri (7 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	7 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Gliese 176 is a red dwarf in the constellation of Taurus.	Gliese 176	Taurus
constellation	IC 289 is a planetary nebula in the constellation Cassiopeia which looks pretty and small with aperture instruments.	IC 289	Cassiopeia
constellation	HD 28185 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Eridanus.	HD 28185 b	Eridanus
continent	Huggler Peak (79°7′S 84°41′W) is a sharp snow-covered peak, 1,580 metres (5,180 ft) high, in the northern part of Anderson Massif, in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Huggler Peak	Antarctica
continent	Gorki Ridge (71°37′S 11°37′E) is a ridge about 8 nautical miles (15 km) long forming the east wall of Schussel Cirque in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gorki Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Musala Glacier (Lednik Musala \'led-nik mu-sa-'la\) on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is situated northeast of Targovishte Glacier, east-northeast of Zheravna Glacier and southeast of Fuerza Aérea Glacier.	Musala Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gaussberg (or Mount Gauss) is an extinct volcanic cone, 370 metres (1,214 ft) high, fronting on Davis Sea immediately west of the Posadowsky Glacier in Kaiser Wilhelm II Land in Antarctica.	Gaussberg	Antarctica
continent	Mount VX-6 (72°38′S 162°12′E) is a distinctive, sharp mountain, 2,185 metres (7,169 ft), standing 4 nautical miles (7.4 km) north of Minaret Nunatak in the Monument Nunataks in Victoria Land, East Antarctica.	Mount VX-6	Antarctica
continent	Kichenside Glacier (67°46′S 47°36′E) is a glacier, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long and 3 to 5 nautical miles (6 to 9 km) wide, flowing northeast into the southern part of the Hannan Ice Shelf on the coast of Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Kichenside Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Strawberry Cirque is a semi-circular glacial cirque in Antarctica, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) wide, at the south end of Macdonald Bluffs in Miller Range.	Strawberry Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Mount Monique is a mountain, about 600 m high, with a prominent rocky north face and ice-covered south slopes, at the western end of the Marion Nunataks on the north coast of Charcot Island in the east Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica.	Mount Monique	Antarctica
continent	Dusky Ridge (80°5′S 157°2′E) is an ice-free rock ridge, 9 nautical miles (17 km) long and 2 nautical miles (4 km) wide, between Lieske Glacier and Hinton Glacier in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Dusky Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Boulder Rock (71°19′S 170°13′E) is a large rock lying along the west side of Adare Peninsula, immediately south of Ridley Beach, in northern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Boulder Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Churchill Mountains is a mountain range bordering the western side of the Ross Ice Shelf between Byrd Glacier and Nimrod Glacier in Antarctica.	Churchill Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Article III.1.c of the Antarctic Treaty states that ``to the greatest extent feasible and practicable'' ... ``scientific observations and results from Antarctica shall be exchanged and made freely available'' The Australian Antarctic Data Centre participates in the WorldWideScience global science gateway.	Australian Antarctic Data Centre	Antarctica
continent	Fenton Glacier is a glacier that drains south into Mosby Glacier just east of Mount Adkins in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Fenton Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mercik Peak is a conspicuous peak, 1,425 metres (4,675 ft) high, located 7 nautical miles (13 km) northeast of Mount Wells, on the ridge descending from the latter, in the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica.	Mercik Peak	Antarctica
continent	Marla Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Марла, ``Lednik Marla'' \'led-nik 'mar-la\) is the 14 km long and 1.5 km wide glacier on the northeast side of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated south of Aitkenhead Glacier and north of Diplock Glacier.	Marla Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Levko Glacier (72°25′S 96°2′W) is a glacier flowing from Pallid Crest to the eastern end of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Levko Glacier	Antarctica
continent	``Stanton Hills, Antarctica''.	Stanton Hills	Antarctica
continent	Siegfried Peak is a peak that forms a saddle with Siegmund Peak immediately southward, standing at the east side of the entrance to Odin Valley in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, in Antarctica.	Siegfried Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lacroix Glacier (77°40′S 162°33′E) is a glacier between Suess Glacier and Matterhorn Glacier, which flows southeast into Taylor Valley in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lacroix Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Elfring Peak (78°35′S 84°58′W) is a peak in Antarctica rising to 2,600 metres (8,500 ft) between the lower part of Della Pia Glacier and Aster Glacier, where the two glaciers enter Thomas Glacier on the east side of the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains.	Elfring Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Holdsworth (72°8′S 166°35′E) is a granite peak, 2,360 metres (7,740 ft) high, in the eastern part of the Monteath Hills, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Holdsworth	Antarctica
continent	Garvan Point (Bulgarian: нос Гарван, ``Nos Garvan'' \'nos 'gar-van\) is the point forming the east side of the entrance to Retizhe Cove on the south coast of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Garvan Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Montreuil (73°4′S 166°11′E) is a mountain, 2,680 metres (8,800 ft) high, along the north side of Gair Glacier 8.5 nautical miles (16 km) east of Mount Supernal, in the Mountaineer Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Montreuil	Antarctica
continent	The Yukon River is a major watercourse of northwestern North America.	Yukon River	North America
continent	Indicator Island (65°15′S 64°16′W) is an island 0.16 km (0.1 mi) long, lying 0.16 km (0.1 mi) west of the northwest end of Galindez Island in the Argentine Islands, Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Indicator Island	Antarctica
continent	Icenhower Ridge (80°13′S 158°25′E) is a broad, mainly ice-covered ridge that rises to over 1,600 metres (5,200 ft) between Yancey Glacier and Sennet Glacier in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Icenhower Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Edwards Gap (71°15′S 70°20′W) is a pass at about 500 metres (1,600 ft) through the Walton Mountains, southward of Mount McArthur, on Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Edwards Gap	Antarctica
continent	Kråsen Crevasse Field (71°48′S 0°58′W) is a crevasse field about 15 nautical miles (30 km) long in the lower part of Jutulstraumen Glacier, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kråsen Crevasse Field	Antarctica
continent	Kemp Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica that lies between the head of Edward VIII Bay, at 56°25′E, and William Scoresby Bay, at 59°34′E. It is named for a British sealing captain, Peter Kemp, who discovered land in this vicinity in 1833.	Kemp Coast	Antarctica
continent	Portal Mountain is a large mountain in Antarctica.	Portal Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Half-ration Névé (73°1′S 163°30′E) is a large névé at the head of Aviator Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Half-ration Névé	Antarctica
continent	Hughes Bluff is a conspicuous rock and ice bluff, 310 metres (1,020 ft) high, along the south side of David Glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) west of Cape Reynolds, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hughes Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Alexandra Mountains (77°25′S 153°30′W) is a group of low, separated mountains in the north portion of Edward VII Peninsula, just southwest of Sulzberger Bay in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Alexandra Mountains	Antarctica
continent	The Founders Peaks are a cluster of sharp peaks and ridges located just east of Founders Escarpment and between Minnesota Glacier and Gowan Glacier, in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Founders Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Unger Island is a small, ice-free island of Antarctica.	Unger Island	Antarctica
continent	Cape Vostok (69°7′S 72°10′W) is a rocky headland which forms the west extremity of the Havre Mountains and the northwest extremity of Alexander Island in Antarctica.	Cape Vostok	Antarctica
continent	Flint Glacier (67°20′S 65°25′W) is a glacier which flows south into Whirlwind Inlet between Demorest Glacier and Cape Northrop, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Flint Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Brockton Station (80°01′S 178°02′W) was an American research (weather) station in Antarctica.	Brockton Station	Antarctica
continent	The Melville Highlands (60°44′S 44°36′W) are an ice-covered upland rising to about 500 metres (1,600 ft) and forming the central part of Laurie Island between Pirie Peninsula and the south coast, in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica.	Melville Highlands	Antarctica
continent	Locator Island (65°11′S 64°30′W) is the highest of the Roca Islands, lying 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) north of the largest island in the group, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Locator Island	Antarctica
continent	Jaeger Table (82°36′S 52°30′W) is the ice-covered summit plateau of Dufek Massif, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica, rising to 2,030 metres (6,660 ft) at Worcester Summit.	Jaeger Table	Antarctica
continent	Hodges Point (67°21′S 65°3′W) is a rocky point terminating in an impressive black cliff, lying 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-northeast of Cape Northrop on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hodges Point	Antarctica
continent	Meares Cliff (71°12′S 168°25′E) is an angular coastal cliff that rises to 600 metres (2,000 ft), located 5.5 nautical miles (10 km) west-northwest of Nelson Cliff along the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Meares Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Acosta Glacier (71°58′S 100°55′W) is a glacier about 2 miles (3 km) long flowing north from Thurstoan Island just east of Dyer Point in Antarctica.	Acosta Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Maigetter Peak (76°27′S 146°29′W) is a rock peak, the northernmost of the Birchall Peaks, on the south shore of Block Bay in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Maigetter Peak	Antarctica
continent	D'Urville Sea is a sea of the Southern Ocean, north of the coast of Adélie Land, East Antarctica.	D'Urville Sea	Antarctica
continent	Omega Nunatak (81°55′S 29°12′W) is an isolated, flat-topped nunatak 21 nautical miles (39 km) south-southwest of the Whichaway Nunataks, Coats Land, Antarctica.	Omega Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	In the 19th century, the area began to industrialize, and Wallonia was the first fully industrialized area in continental Europe.	Wallonia	Europe
continent	The Great Rift Valley is a name given to the continuous geographic trench, approximately 6,000 kilometres (3,700 mi) in length, that runs from Lebanon's Beqaa Valley in Asia to Mozambique in South Eastern Africa.	Great Rift Valley	Africa
continent	Amanda Bay, also sometimes known as Hovde Cove, lies in southern Prydz Bay on the Ingrid Christensen Coast of Princess Elizabeth Land, East Antarctica.	Amanda Bay	Antarctica
continent	Armadillo Hill (68°7′S 66°22′W) is an ice-covered hill in Antarctica which rises to 1,760 metres (5,770 ft) and projects 120 metres (400 ft) above the surrounding ice sheet.	Armadillo Hill	Antarctica
continent	Miller Crag (73°40′S 94°42′W) is a bold and conspicuous outcropping of bare rock 1,450 metres (4,760 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west-southwest of Sutley Peak in the western extremity of the Jones Mountains in Antarctica.	Miller Crag	Antarctica
continent	Kerick Col (64°5′S 58°24′W) is a col running north--south at 150 metres (500 ft) between Gin Cove and Rum Cove, in the western part of James Ross Island, Antarctica.	Kerick Col	Antarctica
continent	The Andean Community and Mercosur comprise the two main trading blocs of South America.	Andean Community	South America
continent	Mount Lied (70°30′S 65°33′E) is a prominent pyramidal peak about 7 nautical miles (13 km) east-northeast of Mount Mervyn in the Porthos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Lied	Antarctica
continent	Nevlya Peak (Bulgarian: връх Невля, ``Vrah Nevlya'' \'vr&h 'ne-vlya\) is an ice-covered peak rising to 390 m in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Nevlya Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mali (i/ˈmɑːli/; French: (maˈli)), officially the Republic of Mali (French: République du Mali), is a landlocked country in West Africa.	Mali	Africa
continent	Toadstool Rocks (68°50′S 69°25′W) are a group of insular, ice-covered rocks that rise to about 250 cm above sea level in the southwest part of Marguerite Bay, east-southeast of Terminal Island, lying off the northeast coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Toadstool Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Hop Island is one of the largest of the Rauer Islands, Antarctica, about 6 kilometres (3 nmi) long, lying 2 kilometres (1 nmi) west-southwest of Filla Island.	Hop Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hofmann (82°40′S 160°36′E) is a snow-covered mountain, 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) high, between the mouths of Hamilton Glacier and Heilman Glacier in the northern part of the Queen Elizabeth Range, Antarctica.	Mount Hofmann	Antarctica
continent	Tesore Hill is a hill rising to about 160 m on the east side of Spath Peninsula, Snow Hill Island, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Tesore Hill	Antarctica
continent	Khmara Island is a small island lying 2 kilometres (1 nmi) south of Haswell Island, Queen Mary Coast, Antarctica.	Khmara Island	Antarctica
continent	Tsepina Cove (Bulgarian: залив Цепина, ``Zaliv Tsepina'' \'za-liv 'tse-pi-na\) is the 1 km wide cove indenting for 850 m the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Tsepina Cove	Antarctica
continent	Fraser Point is a point between Marr Bay and Mackintosh Cove on the north coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Fraser Point	Antarctica
continent	Baker Nunatak is a nunatak standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Mount Brecher in the northern Wisconsin Range of the Horlick Mountains of Antarctica.	Baker Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Passy Peak (Vrah Passy \'vr&h pa-'si\) is a peak of elevation 510 m in Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Passy Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Martine is a massive mountain, about 800 metres (2,600 ft) high, with a prominent rocky north face and ice-covered south slopes, overlooking the north shore of Charcot Island, south of Cheesman Island, in the east Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica.	Mount Martine	Antarctica
continent	McDonald Point (67°21′S 59°40′E) is a point marking the western end of Islay, an island in William Scoresby Archipelago, Antarctica.	McDonald Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Ayres (79°20′S 156°28′E) is a prominent mountain, 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) high, lying 10 miles (16 km) south of the west end of the Finger Ridges in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Ayres	Antarctica
continent	House Nunatak (74°56′S 72°57′W) is one of the Grossman Nunataks in Palmer Land, Antarctica, located 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Whitmill Nunatak.	House Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Ross Sea is a deep bay of the Southern Ocean in Antarctica, between Victoria Land and Marie Byrd Land.	Ross Sea	Antarctica
continent	Finsterwalder Glacier (67°19′S 66°20′W) is a glacier, 2 miles (3 km) wide and 10 miles (16 km) long, flowing southwest from the central plateau of Graham Land, Antarctica, toward the head of Lallemand Fjord.	Finsterwalder Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Henfield Rock is an offshore rock lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Henfield Rock	Antarctica
continent	Stonethrow Ridge is a snow-covered ridge rising west of Primero de Mayo Bay, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Stonethrow Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Reade Peak (65°6′S 63°29′W) is a peak, 1,060 m, rising 1 mile south of Sonia Point and Flandres Bay, on the northeast coast of Kiev Peninsula, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Reade Peak	Antarctica
continent	Husky Pass (71°40′S 163°34′E) is a pass between the Lanterman Range and Molar Massif in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica, located at the head of Sledgers Glacier and an unnamed tributary, leading to Leap Year Glacier.	Husky Pass	Antarctica
continent	Xenia Hill is the rocky hill rising to 96 m in the northeast extremity of Half Moon Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and surmounting McFarlane Strait to the north and east, and Menguante Cove to the south-southeast.	Xenia Hill	Antarctica
continent	Petersen Bank (65°45′S 109°55′E) is a submarine bank in the Mawson Sea extending north-northwest from the coast of Antarctica, just west of Balaena Islands.	Petersen Bank	Antarctica
continent	Pfrogner Point is an ice-covered point on the northwest extension of Fletcher Peninsula in Antarctica; it is partially encompassed by the Abbot Ice Shelf.	Pfrogner Point	Antarctica
continent	The Mountain of Israeli-Palestinian Friendship is a 2,770-metre (9,090 ft) peak near the Bruce plateau in Antarctica.	The Mountain of Israeli-Palestinian Friendship	Antarctica
continent	Cape Adare is the north-easternmost peninsula in Victoria Land, East Antarctica.	Cape Adare	Antarctica
continent	The Svea Research Station is a Swedish research facility in Antarctica, established in 1987/1988.	Svea Research Station	Antarctica
continent	Waitabit Cliffs (71°31′S 68°14′W) is a line of sedimentary cliffs on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, which faces east onto George VI Sound and extends 3 nautical miles (6 km) north from the mouth of Mercury Glacier.	Waitabit Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Helm Point (72°11′S 170°0′E) is a point which marks the southeast tip of Honeycomb Ridge on the west side of Moubray Bay, Antarctica.	Helm Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Cherry-Garrard (71°18′S 168°41′E) is a peak at the seaward end of the divide between Simpson Glacier and Fendley Glacier, on the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Cherry-Garrard	Antarctica
continent	Horton Ledge (85°41′S 69°5′W) is a flat rock ledge that caps the southwestern extremity of Pecora Escarpment, at the southwest end of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica.	Horton Ledge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hennessey is a mountain 2 nautical miles (4 km) north of Mount Tukotok in the Salamander Range of the Freyberg Mountains in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hennessey	Antarctica
continent	Jotunheim Valley (77°37′S 161°14′E) is a high, mainly ice-free valley to the east of Wolak Peak and Utgard Peak in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Jotunheim Valley	Antarctica
continent	Cape Kinsey (69°19′S 158°48′E) is an ice-covered cape at the east side of Davies Bay, Antarctica.	Cape Kinsey	Antarctica
continent	Maritsa Peak (Vrah Maritsa \'vr&h ma-'ri-tsa\) rises to 560 m in eastern Bowles Ridge on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Maritsa Peak	Antarctica
continent	Fierro Point is a point projecting 400 m into the south part of Discovery Bay from Parvomay Neck, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Fierro Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Havener (78°27′S 84°37′W) is a mountain rising to 2,800 metres (9,200 ft) directly at the head of Guerrero Glacier, in the Doyran Heights of the Sentinel Range, in the Ellsworth Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Havener	Antarctica
continent	Maish Nunatak (74°36′S 99°28′W) is a nunatak located 5 nautical miles (9 km) west-southwest of Mount Moses, in the central part of the Hudson Mountains of Antarctica.	Maish Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Ferrar Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica.	Ferrar Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kabuto Rock (68°3′S 43°36′E) is a large, blunt rock projecting from the coast about midway between Chijire Glacier and Rakuda Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kabuto Rock	Antarctica
continent	Henry Mesa (79°5′S 159°4′E) is a distinctive wedge-shaped mesa 2 nautical miles (4 km) in extent, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Mulock Glacier on the west side of Heap Glacier, Antarctica.	Henry Mesa	Antarctica
continent	Howchin Lake is a lake, one of several in the Alph River system, located 1.1 nautical miles (2 km) southeast of the snout of Howchin Glacier in the Denton Hills, Scott Coast, Antarctica.	Howchin Lake	Antarctica
continent	Prior Island (75°41′S 162°52′E) is an island 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) long, lying just east of Lamplugh Island, off the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Prior Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount McIntyre (87°17′S 153°0′W) is a rocky, flat, projecting-type mountain that forms the northeastern extremity of D'Angelo Bluff in Antarctica.	Mount McIntyre	Antarctica
continent	Isingsalen Saddle (72°20′S 1°2′E) is an ice saddle between Isingen Mountain and Salknappen Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Isingsalen Saddle	Antarctica
country	Malishka (Armenian: Մալիշկա), is a major village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Malishka	Armenia
country	Vailele is a village situated on the central north coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Vailele	Samoa
country	Kathipara Junction is an important road junction in Chennai, India.	Kathipara Junction	India
country	Väderöarna (or the Weather Islands) is an archipelago in Western Sweden, near Hamburgsund.	Väderöarna	Sweden
country	Deh Nadam (Persian: ده ندام‎, also Romanized as Deh Nadām; also known as Kalāb-e Nāzīl) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh Nadam	Iran
country	Nowy Przeradz (ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɛrat͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Przeradz	Poland
country	Mistrzowice (mistʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mistrzowice	Poland
country	Vilnius Heat Plant or Vilnius Power Plant-2 is a power plant in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Vilnius Heat Plant	Lithuania
country	Col du Glandon (1,924 m (6,312 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Dauphiné Alps in Savoie, France, linking Le Bourg-d'Oisans to La Chambre.	Col du Glandon	France
country	Bidestaneh (Persian: بيدستانه‎, also Romanized as Bīdestāneh) is a village in Silakhor-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bidestaneh	Iran
country	Sitawka (ɕiˈtafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sitawka	Poland
country	Kyaikto (Burmese: ကျိုက်ထိုမြို့; Mon: ကျာ်ထဝ်) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar.	Kyaikto	Myanmar
country	Baloch Goth (Urdu: بلوچ گوٹھ ‎) is a neighbourhood of Orangi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Baloch Goth	Pakistan
country	Majscowa (mai̯sˈt͡sɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Majscowa	Poland
country	The Bundeseisenbahnvermögen (BEV) is a special authority of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Bundeseisenbahnvermögen	Germany
country	Sanya Railway Station is the station of the Hainan Eastern Ring High-Speed Railway and the Hainan Western Ring Railway in Hainan Island of the People's Republic of China.	Sanya Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Glinik Średni (ˈɡlʲiɲik ˈɕrɛdɲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Glinik Średni	Poland
country	Niedarczów Górny-Wieś (ɲɛˈdart͡ʂuf ˈɡurnɨ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niedarczów Górny-Wieś	Poland
country	The Kambove mines are a group of active or abandoned copper mines near Kambove in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kambove mines	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Reuland (Luxembourgish: Reiland) is a village in the commune of Heffingen, in central Luxembourg.	Reuland	Luxembourg
country	Dún na Rí Forest Park is a forest park is situated on the County Cavan-County Monaghan border, in Ireland.	Dún na Rí Forest Park	Ireland
country	Losap is an atoll located in the Eastern Islands or Upper Mortlock Islands group in the state of Chuuk in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Losap	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Baruun-Urt (Mongolian: Баруун-Урт; ᠪᠠᠷᠠᠭᠤᠨ ᠤᠷᠲᠤ, west-long) is a town in eastern Mongolia and the capital of Sükhbaatar Province.	Baruun-Urt	Mongolia
country	The Portuguese Air Force (Portuguese: Força Aérea Portuguesa) is the air force of Portugal.	Portuguese Air Force	Portugal
country	Aripra is a place in India located between the villages of Mankada and Tirurkkad, in Malappuram district, Kerala.	Aripra	India
country	Spokojne (spɔˈkɔi̯nɛ) (German Friedenshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Spokojne	Poland
country	Lake Cuitzeo(Spanish (kwitse'o) ) is a lake in central part of Mexico, in the Michoacán State.	Lake Cuitzeo	Mexico
country	Valiji Mahalleh (Persian: وليجي محله‎, also Romanized as Valījī Maḩalleh; also known as Valajī Maḩalleh) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valiji Mahalleh	Iran
country	Waitakere Railway Station was the terminus of the Western Line of the Auckland suburban network in New Zealand, on the North Auckland Line.	Waitakere Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Darz (Persian: درز‎; also known as Darz Sāyeh Bān and Darz va Sāyeh Bān) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darz	Iran
country	Hohe Gaisl (Croda Rossa d'Ampezzo in Italian), (3,146m) is a mountain in the northern Dolomites, on the border of South Tyrol and Veneto, in northern Italy, located between the Braies Valley and the Val di Landro.	Hohe Gaisl	Italy
country	Tomačevica (pronounced (tɔˈmaːtʃɛʋitsa)) is a village east of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Tomačevica	Slovenia
country	Valle Nevado (Snowy Valley in the Spanish language) is a ski resort located on the El Plomo foothills in the Andes Mountains, at 46 km to the east of Santiago, the capital of Chile.	Valle Nevado	Chile
country	Benalmádena is a town in Andalusia in southern Spain, 12 kilometers west of Málaga, on the Costa del Sol between Torremolinos and Fuengirola.	Benalmádena	Spain
country	Güstrow (German pronunciation: (ˈɡʏstʁo), Latin Gustrovium) is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Güstrow	Germany
country	Tomb KV61 is an unused tomb discovered in Egypt's Valley of the Kings.	KV61	Egypt
country	Pristavlja Vas (pronounced (pɾiˈstaːwlja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Pristavlja vas) is a small settlement west of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Pristavlja Vas	Slovenia
country	Tazehabad-e Tefli (Persian: تازه آباد تفلي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Teflī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Kusalan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Tefli	Iran
country	Petzenkirchen is a market town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Petzenkirchen	Austria
country	Workington North railway station was a temporary railway station in Cumbria, United Kingdom, constructed following floods which cut all road access to Workington town centre from north of the River Derwent.	Workington North railway station	United Kingdom
country	Këlcyrë is a town and a municipality in southern Albania, located on the bank of the river Vjosë.	Këlcyrë	Albania
country	Chepes Airport (ICAO: SACP) is a public use airport located 1 nm south of Chepes, La Rioja, Argentina.	Chepes Airport	Argentina
country	Ramón Villeda Morales International Airport Aeropuerto Internacional Ramón Villeda Morales (IATA: SAP, ICAO: MHLM), also known as La Mesa International Airport, is located 11 km (6.8 mi) from the city of San Pedro Sula, in the Cortés Department in Honduras.	Ramón Villeda Morales International Airport	Honduras
country	Črešnjevec pri Oštrcu (pronounced (ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi ɔˈʃtəɾtsu); German: Kerschdorf) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Črešnjevec pri Oštrcu	Slovenia
country	Bijepur (Oriya: ବିଜେପୁର), is a town and a block in Bargarh district in the state of Odisha, India.	Bijepur	India
country	Dongli Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 东焦街道; traditional Chinese: 東里街道; pinyin: Dōnglǐ Jiēdào) is a subdistrict and the seat of Qiaoxi District, in the heart of Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Dongli Subdistrict	People's Republic of China
country	Komořanské jezero is a former lake in the Czech Republic that is now non-existent as it has dried up.	Komořanské jezero	Czech Republic
country	Qambar, also known as Kambar and Kambar Khan, is the capital of Qambar Shahdadkot District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Qambar	Pakistan
country	Deir Qanun (Arabic: دير قانون‎) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northwest of Damascus in the Wadi Barada.	Deir Qanun	Syria
country	Military War Cemetery Grebbeberg is a graveyard where 799 military personnel and 1 civilian were buried, who died during the invasion of the Netherlands by the Germans in May 1940.	Military War Cemetery Grebbeberg	Netherlands
country	The Morava Banovina or Morava Banate (Serbian: Моравска бановина/Moravska banovina) was a province (banovina) of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941.	Morava Banovina	Yugoslavia
country	Gare de Wimille-Wimereux is a railway station serving the communes of Wimille and Wimereux, Pas-de-Calais department, northern France.	Gare de Wimille-Wimereux	France
country	Porirua Railway Station is an important intermediate station in New Zealand on the Kapiti Line from Wellington and is part of Wellington's Metlink suburban rail network operated by Tranz Metro.	Porirua Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Rock Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the Inside Passage at the junction of Johnstone Strait and Discovery Passage.	Rock Bay Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Magleš (Serbian Cyrillic: Маглеш) is a mountain in western Serbia, near the city of Valjevo.	Magleš	Serbia
country	Karadzor (Armenian: Քարաձոր; formerly, Efendi) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Karadzor	Armenia
country	Hasanijeh (Persian: هسنيجه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasnījeh; also known as Ḩoseynī, Ḩoseynjeh, Husaini, and Husni) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Mehrdasht District, Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasanijeh	Iran
country	Aït Aissa Mimoune, Kabyle name Ath Aissa Mimoune, known formerly Djebel Aïssa Mimoun, is a commune (borough) in the District of Ouaguenoun, Tizi Ouzou Province, Kabylie region, Algeria.	Ath Aissa Mimoun	Algeria
country	The Dyrhólaey lighthouse (Icelandic: Dyrhólaeyjarviti) is located on the central south coast of Iceland.	Dyrhólaey lighthouse	Iceland
country	The Womrather Höhe is a hill, 599.1 m above sea level (NN), and the highest peak in the Lützelsoon hills, part of the Hunsrück mountains of Germany's Central Uplands.	Womrather Höhe	Germany
country	The Miles Historical Village and Museum is an open-air museum located near the town of Miles, Queensland, Australia.	Miles Historical Village and Museum	Australia
country	Signau District was a district in Switzerland in the canton of Bern with its seat Signau.	Signau District	Switzerland
country	The Carpentier River, on the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia was named in honour of Pieter de Carpentier, Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies.	Carpentier River	Australia
country	Cargoair Ltd, is a Bulgarian cargo airline headquartered in Sofia, Bulgaria.	Cargoair	Bulgaria
country	At 1,214.6 m (3,985 ft) above sea level, the Fichtelberg is the highest mountain in Saxony, the second highest in the Ore Mountains and used to be the highest mountain in East Germany.	Fichtelberg	Germany
country	Romatowo (rɔmaˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Romatowo	Poland
country	Mersin İdmanyurdu (also Mersin İdman Yurdu, Mersin İY or MİY) is a Turkish sports club from Mersin, Turkey in the eastern Mediterranean Region.	Mersin İdmanyurdu	Turkey
country	Mavaluy-e Sofla (Persian: مولوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mavālūy-e Soflá'; also known as Mavālū-ye Soflá) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mavaluy-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Revere Bell was a gift to Singapore by Mrs. Maria Revere Balestier, the daughter of Paul Revere and wife of the first American Consul to Singapore, Joseph Balestier.	Revere Bell	Singapore
country	The Neo Phaliron Velodrome (New Phaleron) was a velodrome and sports arena in Athens, Greece, used for the cycling events at the 1896 Summer Olympics, which was later to be the old Karaiskakis stadium and later the newer Karaiskakis Stadium.	Neo Phaliron Velodrome	Greece
country	Cuz Cuz or Cuzcuz is a small village and an archeological site which lies about 6 kilometers from the city of Illapel, Choapa Province, in the Coquimbo Region of Chile.	Cuz Cuz	Chile
country	Širvintos ( pronunciation ) is a city in Vilnius County in the eastern part of Lithuania.	Širvintos	Lithuania
country	The Parc floral et arboré de la Chènevière is a privately owned park with flower gardens and arboretum located at La Chènevière, 106, route de Quinssat, Abrest, Allier, Auvergne, France.	Parc floral et arboré de la Chènevière	France
country	EBC Hochschule Hamburg is a private business school in Hamburg, Berlin, Düsseldorf, Stuttgart and Leipzig, Germany.	EBC Hochschule	Germany
country	Postmasburg is a town in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, located approximately 170 km east of Upington.	Postmasburg	South Africa
country	Tombi Golgir (Persian: تمبي گلگير‎, also Romanized as Tombī Golgīr and Tembī Gelgīr; also known as Tambīān, Tembī, Tembiūn, Temblun, and Tombī) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tombi Golgir	Iran
country	Gabroveni Inn (Romanian: Hanul Gabroveni) is a hotel in the historic part of old Bucharest, Romania.	Gabroveni Inn	Romania
country	Tallinn French School or Tallinn French Lyceum (Estonian: Tallinna Prantsuse Lütseum), is a co-educational comprehensive secondary school in Tallinn, Estonia.	Tallinn French School	Estonia
country	Žitkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Житковац) is a village in Central Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac, in the Nišava District.	Žitkovac	Serbia
country	Medanići (Serbian Cyrillic: Маданићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Medanići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Taoughilt is a small town and rural commune in Sidi Kacem Province of the Gharb-Chrarda-Béni Hssen region of Morocco.	Taoughilt	Morocco
country	Cangzhou (simplified Chinese: 沧州; traditional Chinese: 滄州; pinyin: Cāngzhōu) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Hebei province, People's Republic of China.	Cangzhou	People's Republic of China
country	Hoeryŏng Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station is a railway station in Hoeryŏng-si, North Hamgyŏng, North Korea, on the Hambuk Line of the Korean State Railway.	Hoeryŏng Ch'ŏngnyŏn Station	North Korea
country	Nová Dedina (Hungarian: Garamújfalu) is an old village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Nová Dedina	Slovakia
country	Głuch (ɡwux) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Głuch	Poland
country	Ulongué is a town and the administrative seat of Angónia District, situated in the north east part of the Tete Province in Mozambique.	Ulongué	Mozambique
country	Strmec pri Polenšaku (pronounced (ˈstəɾməts pɾi ˈpoːlɛnʃaku)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia.	Strmec pri Polenšaku	Slovenia
country	The University of Lubumbashi (also known by the acronym UNILU) is one of the largest universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	University of Lubumbashi	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Unlike many other areas in Trinidad and Tobago, the land in Toco was not suitable for extensive sugarcane cultivation.	Toco	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Ivisaat Island is an uninhabited island located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Ivisaat Island	Canada
country	The Château de Châtillon-d'Azergues is a ruined castle in the commune of Châtillon (formerly Châtillon-d'Azergues) in the Rhône département of France.	Château de Châtillon-d'Azergues	France
country	Argamasilla de Alba is a municipality in Ciudad Real (province), Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Argamasilla de Alba	Spain
country	Krasnoyarsk Northeast was an air base in Russia located 4 km northeast of Krasnoyarsk.	Krasnoyarsk Northeast	Russia
country	Dumman is a village located on Jehlum road and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Dumman	Pakistan
country	Radio Vlaanderen Internationaal (Dutch for ``Flanders International Radio''), was the international broadcasting service of Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT), the public broadcaster of the Flemish community in Belgium.	Radio Vlaanderen Internationaal	Belgium
country	Naushki (Russian: На́ушки) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kyakhtinsky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located near the border with Mongolia, 30 kilometers (19 mi) from the town of Kyakhta.	Naushki	Russia
country	The Pertosa Caves (Italian: ''Grotte di Pertosa''), co-officially named Pertosa-Auletta Caves (Italian: ''Grotte di Pertosa-Auletta'') since 2012, are a karst show cave system located in the municipality of Pertosa, in the province of Salerno, Campania, Italy.	Pertosa Caves	Italy
country	Magdagachi Airport (IATA: GDG, ICAO: UHBI) is a small airport in Russia's Amur Oblast, located 3 km north of Magdagachi.	Magdagachi Airport	Russia
country	Niepoczołowice-Folwark (ɲɛpɔt͡ʂɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niepoczołowice-Folwark	Poland
country	Rayamangalam is a village (Grama punchyathu) in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state, India.	Rayamangalam	India
country	Zemio Airport (IATA: IMO, ICAO: FEFZ) is an airport serving the village of Zemio, in the Haut-Mbomou prefecture of Central African Republic.	Zemio Airport	Central African Republic
country	Sorsele Municipality (Swedish: Sorsele kommun, Ume Sami: Suorssá gielda) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden.	Sorsele Municipality	Sweden
country	Surajpur district of Chhattisgarh state in central India, with its administrative headquarters at Surajpur .	Surajpur district	India
country	Bungle Bungle Range is the landform that is the major component of the Purnululu National Park in Western Australia.	Bungle Bungle Range	Australia
country	Antofalla is a large and very remote stratovolcano in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.	Antofalla	Argentina
country	Thebarton Oval (currently known as Adelaide Airport Stadium) is a sports ground in Adelaide, South Australia currently used for a variety of sports including Australian rules football.	Thebarton Oval	Australia
country	Garet Djebilet (also written Gâra Djebilet) is a settlement in the commune of Tindouf, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.	Garet Djebilet	Algeria
country	Saona Island (Spanish: Isla Saona) is a tropical island located a short distance from the mainland on the south-east tip of the Dominican Republic.	Saona Island	Dominican Republic
country	Bad Godesberg is a municipal district of Bonn, southern North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bad Godesberg	Germany
country	The Gruta de las Maravillas (English: ``Grotto of the Marvels'') is a grotto in Aracena, Andalusia, Spain.	Gruta de las Maravillas	Spain
country	As of 2011, the India census showed that Humnabad had a population of 44,561.	Humnabad	India
country	Qomqaleh (Persian: قمقلعه‎, also Romanized as Qomqal``eh and Qom Qal``eh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,572, in 552 families.	Qomqaleh	Iran
country	The Rentina Gorge (Greek: Στενά της Ρεντίνας) or Macedonian Tempe (Greek: Μακεδονικά Τέμπη ) is a region in Greek Macedonia named after Tempe (mod. pronunciation: ``Tembi''), the long strip of gorges, hills and rivers in northern Greece.	Rentina Gorge	Greece
country	Saint John's Senior Secondary School in Kota, Rajasthan, India, is situated at Bundi Road.	Saint John's Senior Secondary School	India
country	The Ituango Dam, also referred to as the Pescadero-Ituango Dam, is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Cauca River near Ituango in Antioquia Department, Colombia.	Ituango Dam	Colombia
country	Kathmandu Durbar Square (Nepali: वसन्तपुर दरवार क्षेत्र, Basantapur Darbar Kshetra) in front of the old royal palace of the former Kathmandu Kingdom is one of three Durbar (royal palace) Squares in the Kathmandu Valley in Nepal, all of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites.	Kathmandu Durbar Square	Nepal
country	Wrzeszewo (vʐɛˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wrzeszewo	Poland
country	Bulani (Persian: بولاني‎, also Romanized as Būlānī) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bulani	Iran
country	Gnoien is a small town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Gnoien	Germany
country	Sever do Vouga (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɨˈvɛɾ ðu ˈvowɣɐ)) is a town and a municipality in the District of Aveiro in Portugal The population in 2011 was 12,356, in an area of 129.88 km².	Sever do Vouga	Portugal
country	Yelasi is a small village in Sorab Taluk in Shimoga district of Karnataka state, India.	Yelasi	India
country	Charruba or Kharruba (Arabic: الخروبة‎) is a village in Libya.	Charruba	Libya
country	Hapa railway station is a railway station in the city of Jamnagar in Gujarat, India.	Hapa railway station	India
country	Faculty of Dental Sciences, University of Peradeniya is one of the eight faculties of University of Peradeniya and the only institution that trains dental surgeons in Sri Lanka.	Faculty of Dental Sciences, University of Peradeniya	Sri Lanka
country	Avirey-Lingey is a French commune in the Aube department in the Champagne-Ardenne region of north-central France.	Avirey-Lingey	France
country	Rajghat Dam is an Inter-state Dam project of the Government of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh being constructed on Betwa River about 14 km from Historical place Chanderi in Madhya Pradesh and 22 km from Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Rajghat Dam	India
country	Pyaozersky (Russian: Пяозе́рский; Karelian: Pääjärvi) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Loukhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located on the shore of Lake Pyaozero, 700 kilometers (430 mi) northwest of Petrozavodsk, the capital of the republic.	Pyaozersky	Russia
country	Waudo (Sosŏm) is a former island in Taedong River in Nampo, North Korea.	Waudo	North Korea
country	Lübbecke ((ˈlʏbɛkə); Westphalian: Lübke) is a town in northeast North Rhine-Westphalia in north Germany.	Lübbecke	Germany
country	Koluvail or Kolvail or Koluvailu (Kannada: ಕೊಳುವೈಲು ) is a village near Haleyangady of South Canara district of Karnataka state in India.	Koluvail	India
country	Lakselva (Northern Sami: Leavdnjajohka; Kven: Lemmijoki) is a river in Finnmark county in northern Norway.	Lakselva	Norway
country	Heidenheim an der Brenz (short: Heidenheim) is a town in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Heidenheim an der Brenz	Germany
country	The Mikra British Cemetery is a World War I-era British military cemetery in Kalamaria, a suburb of the city of Thessaloniki in Greece.	Mikra British Cemetery	Greece
country	Çükəş is a village in the municipality of Sipiyəpart in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çükəş	Azerbaijan
country	Tashkuh-e Sofla (Persian: تاشكوه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tāshkūh-e Soflá) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tashkuh-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Galata Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Galata) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery for nuns, founded at the end of the sixteenth century by Moldavian Voivode Petru Şchiopul, in the west of Iaşi, Romania.	Galata Monastery	Romania
country	Kuh Pas (Persian: كوه پس‎, also Romanized as Kūh Pas; also known as Kupys) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuh Pas	Iran
country	Goruran-e Do Dang (Persian: گروران دودانگ‎, also Romanized as Gorūrān-e Do Dang) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Goruran-e Do Dang	Iran
country	Ferentino is a town and comune in Italy, in the province of Frosinone, Lazio, 65 kilometres (40 mi) southeast of Rome.	Ferentino	Italy
country	Primorski Dolac (pronounced (prǐmɔrskiː dɔ̌lat͡s)) is a municipality in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Primorski Dolac	Croatia
country	Radlnia (ˈradlɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radlnia	Poland
country	Vandadeh (Persian: ونداده‎, also Romanized as Vandādeh) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District, Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vandadeh	Iran
country	Mustafakemalpaşa is the main town of Bursa Province in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Mustafakemalpaşa	Turkey
country	Tadulako University (Indonesian: Universitas Tadulako) is the only public university in Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Tadulako University	Indonesia
country	Lolazor (Persian: لاله‌زار ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Lolazor	Tajikistan
country	The Hethumids (Armenian: Հեթումյաններ) (also spelled Hetoumids or Het'umids), also known as the House of Lampron (after Lampron castle), were the rulers of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia from 1226 to 1373.	Hethumids	Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia
country	Liège-Guillemins railway station (IATA: XHN) is the main station of the city of Liège, the third largest city in Belgium.	Liège-Guillemins railway station	Belgium
country	Roč (Italian: Rozzo, German: Rotz) is a village in Istria County, north-west Croatia.	Roč	Croatia
country	Terry Fox Field is one of the few university varsity stadiums in Canada without permanent seating.	Terry Fox Field	Canada
country	Goetheweg station (German: Bahnhof Goetheweg) is located between the stations of Schierke and Brocken on the Brocken Railway in the Harz Mountains of Central Germany at a height of 956 m above sea level.	Goetheweg station	Germany
country	Bordj Menaïel (from the Arabic برج - bordj, ``tower'' and Berber imnayen ``cavaliers'') is a town in the Boumerdès Province in Algeria.	Bordj Menaïel	Algeria
country	Nuasjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland.	Nuasjärvi	Finland
country	Derakhtak (Persian: درختك‎, also Romanized as Darakhtak) is a village in Varzaq Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Derakhtak	Iran
country	Porto Velho-Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport (IATA: PVH, ICAO: SBPV) also called Belmonte Airport referring to the neighborhood where it is located, is the airport serving Porto Velho, Brazil.	Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport	Brazil
country	Kelfield, Saskatchewan is a small hamlet in central Saskatchewan, Canada.	Kelfield, Saskatchewan	Canada
country	Koro Airport (IATA: KXF, ICAO: NFNO) is an airport serving Koro, one of the Lomaiviti Islands in Fiji.	Koro Airport	Fiji
country	Okwuobi v Lester B Pearson School Board, 2005 SCC 16, is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on minority language rights.	Okwuobi v Lester B Pearson School Board	Canada
country	Parižlje (pronounced (paˈɾiːʒljɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia.	Parižlje	Slovenia
country	South Bentinck is a locality on South Bentinck Arm in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the mouth of the Noeick River on the east shore of that inlet.	South Bentinck	Canada
country	The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) investigates air accidents in the United Kingdom.	Air Accidents Investigation Branch	United Kingdom
country	Makkabi Helsinki is a Finnish Jewish sports club in Helsinki, Finland.	Makkabi Helsinki	Finland
country	The State Archives of Naples (Italian: Archivio di Stato di Napoli), with its more than 50,000 linear meters of book and document shelving, is of fundamental importance for the history of southern Italy from the 10th century to today.	State Archives of Naples	Italy
country	Rajbiraj (Nepali: राजबिराज) (/ˈərɑːdʒbɪərdʒ/) is a mid-sized municipality in south-eastern Nepal established in 1950s.	Rajbiraj	Nepal
country	Siphofaneni is a town in the Lubombo Region of central Swaziland 45 kilometres from Manzini and 20 kilometres from Big Bend, a major sugarcane-producing town on the main highway leading to Durban.	Siphofaneni	Swaziland
country	Colonia Ampliación Asturias is a neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City.	Colonia Ampliación Asturias	Mexico
country	Záhor (Hungarian: Zahar) is a village and municipality in the Sobrance District in the Košice Region of east Slovakia.	Záhor	Slovakia
country	Titwalan is a town included in Martung Tehsil of Shangla District, North-West Frontier Province, Pakistan.	Titwalan	Pakistan
country	Białachówko (bjawaˈxufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białachówko	Poland
country	The Hutt Valley Campaign was a brief round of hostilities in the lower North Island of New Zealand between indigenous Māori and British settlers and military forces in 1846.	Hutt Valley Campaign	New Zealand
country	Kojur (Persian: كجور‎, also Romanized as Kojūr; also known as Baladeh-ye Kojūr, Baldeh Kojūr, Kujūr, Shahr Kujūr, and Shahr Rūyān) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kojur	Iran
country	The Helene-Lange-Gymnasium is a bilingual secondary school in Hamburg, Germany.	Helene-Lange-Gymnasium	Germany
country	Neyzal (Persian: نيزل‎, also Romanized as Nīzal and Nīzel) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Neyzal	Iran
country	Merkjárfoss (also known as Gluggafoss) is a waterfall in southern Iceland.	Merkjárfoss	Iceland
country	Tomažja Vas (pronounced (tɔˈmaːʒja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Tomažja vas) is a small village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Tomažja Vas	Slovenia
country	The Luo Scientific Reserve (French: Réserve Scientifique de Luo) is a protected area situated in the Ikela Territory of the Tshuapa District, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Luo Scientific Reserve	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Saarländisches Zweiradmuseum is a motorcycle museum in Saarland, Germany.	Saarländisches Zweiradmuseum	Germany
country	Chah-e Harif (Persian: چاه حريف‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ḩarīf) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Harif	Iran
country	Budapest Business School (BBS) (Hungarian: Budapesti Gazdasági Egyetem or BGE) is a public university business school specialised in business studies and social sciences located in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest Business School	Hungary
country	Stewiacke (2011 population: 1,438) is a town located in southern Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Stewiacke	Canada
country	Chanakya National Law University (CNLU) is an autonomous law school located in Patna, Bihar, India.	Chanakya National Law University	India
country	Goof Abaaley is a town in the southern Bay region of Somalia.	Goof Abaaley	Somalia
country	Ain Qana (Arabic: عين قانا‎) (also known as Ainqana,), is a town in the Nabatieh Governorate, Southern Lebanon.	Ain Qana	Lebanon
country	Kampi (Greek: Καμπι) is a small village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, east of the town of Palaichori.	Kampi	Cyprus
country	The Nyons Bridge is a medieval bridge over the river Eygues in Nyons in southern France.	Nyons Bridge	France
country	Zapadnaya Litsa River (Russian: Западная Лица ; German: Sapadnaja Liza) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Zapadnaya Litsa River	Russia
country	The Potou Lagoon is a shallow body of water primarily located near the Aguien Lagoon in south eastern corner of the republic of Ivory Coast.	Potou Lagoon	Ivory Coast
country	Beerescourt is a suburb in western Hamilton, New Zealand.	Beerescourt	New Zealand
country	The Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League (GOJHL) is a Canadian junior ice hockey league based in Southern Ontario, Canada.	Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League	Canada
country	The Monument of Ten Commandments is an architectural complex in Ukraine opened in honor of the 15th anniversary of the Kryvyi Rih Eparchy.	Monument of Ten Commandments	Ukraine
country	Florennes (French pronunciation: ​(flɔ.ʁɛn)) is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur.	Florennes	Belgium
country	The Osilinka Ranges are a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Osilinka River and Lay Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Osilinka Ranges	Canada
country	Orkdal Church (Norwegian: Orkdal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Orkdal Church	Norway
country	Cvetni trg or Flower Square (Serbian Cyrillic: Цветни трг) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Cvetni trg	Serbia
country	Galebre-Galébouo is a town in south-central Ivory Coast.	Galebre-Galébouo	Ivory Coast
country	Bochum-Linden is a district of the City of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Bochum-Linden	Germany
country	Nika District (Pashto: نيکه ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی نیکه‎), also known as Naka, is one of the most remote districts in Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Nika District	Afghanistan
country	Pożary (pɔˈʐarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pożary	Poland
country	Siren Records is an independent music label based in Auckland, New Zealand.	Siren Records	New Zealand
country	Madrassa Chattha is a village located in the Gujranwala district, Pakistan.	Madrassa Chattha	Pakistan
country	Tirat Carmel, formerly Ṭīrat el Lōz, (Hebrew: טִירַת כַּרְמֶל, Arabic: طيرة اللوز‎), or Tirat HaCarmel or Al-Tira, Haifa, is a city in the Haifa District in Israel.	Tirat Carmel	Israel
country	Kazan International Airport (Russian: Международный аэропорт Казань, Tatar: Казан Халыкара Аэропорты / Qazan Xalıqara Aeroportı; IATA: KZN, ICAO: UWKD) is an airport located in Tatarstan, Russia, around 25 km southeast of Kazan.	Kazan International Airport	Russia
country	The Northern Biskopsgården Church (Swedish: Norra Biskopsgårdens kyrka) is a church building in the northern parts of Biskopsgården on the island of Hisingen in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Northern Biskopsgården Church	Sweden
country	Plantiac was first produced as Plantinga Cognac by the Plantinga distillery in Bolsward, Netherlands, most likely in the 1930s or 1940s.	Plantiac	Netherlands
country	Beytas (Persian: بيطاس‎, also Romanized as Beyţās) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Beytas	Iran
country	Plants Plus was established in 1978 in Melbourne, Australia as the Retail Nurserymens' Products Co-operative Limited, which traded under The Nurserymen brand.	Plants Plus	Australia
country	Yolqullar (also, Yëlkullar) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan and forms part of the municipality of Zinzahal.	Yolqullar	Azerbaijan
country	The Manoir de Mézarnou is a fortified 16th century manor-house located in the Finistère département of Brittany in northwestern France.	Manoir de Mézarnou	France
country	Domostawa (dɔmɔsˈtava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Domostawa	Poland
country	Rio Tuba is one of the populated barangays in the Municipality of Bataraza in the Province of Palawan in the Philippines.	Rio Tuba	Philippines
country	ADK Hospital is the first private hospital situated in Malé, Republic of Maldives.	ADK Hospital	Maldives
country	Gugan (Persian: گوگان‎, also Romanized as Gūgān and Gāvgān; also known as Gāvkān) is a city in and the capital of Gugan District, in Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gugan	Iran
country	Düren is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, between Aachen and Cologne on the river Rur.	Düren	Germany
country	The Colombo Dutch Museum is a museum that covers the history of the Dutch colonial rule in Sri Lanka.	Colombo Dutch Museum	Sri Lanka
country	Igate Manor (Latvian: Igates pils muiža) is a manor in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Igate Manor	Latvia
country	Caerleon Bridge is a bridge crossing of the River Usk at Caerleon in the city of Newport, United Kingdom.	Caerleon Bridge	United Kingdom
country	Talagante (Spanish pronunciation: (talaˈɣante)) is a commune and the capital city of the province of the same name in the Santiago Metropolitan Region of central Chile.	Talagante	Chile
country	Fjölnisvöllur is a football stadium in Iceland.	Fjölnisvöllur	Iceland
country	Ravar (Persian: راور‎, also Romanized as Rāvar) is a city in and the capital of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ravar	Iran
country	Quetzaltenango, also known by its indigenous name, Xelajú (ʃelaˈχu) or Xela (ˈʃela), is the second largest city of Guatemala.	Quetzaltenango	Guatemala
country	Dasht-e Latehor (Persian: دشت لتحر‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Lateḩor; also known as Lateḩor and Latḩor) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Latehor	Iran
country	Strond is a former village in the north of the town Klaksvík at the sound of Haraldssund in the Faroe Islands.	Strond	Faroe Islands
country	Wilberforce Falls is an almost 60 m (197 feet) tall waterfall located in the Wilberforce Gorge of the Hood River in Nunavut, Canada.	Wilberforce Falls	Canada
country	Dr. José Matías Delgado University (Spanish: Universidad Dr. José Matías Delgado) (UJMD), is a private university located in Antiguo Cuscatlán, La Libertad, El Salvador.	José Matías Delgado University	El Salvador
country	Bratsberg Church (Norwegian: Bratsberg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bratsberg Church	Norway
country	Shrewsbury International School is a selective coeducational British international day school in Bang Kho Laem District, Bangkok, Thailand.	Shrewsbury International School	Thailand
country	Połom Duży (ˈpɔwɔm ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Wiśnicz, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Połom Duży	Poland
country	Kash Pey (Persian: كش پي‎) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kash Pey	Iran
country	Mamrux (also, Mamrukh) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mamrux	Azerbaijan
country	The Eremitage Maria Reizenborn, or Räzebore, is a former hermitage in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany (Hunsrück mountain range).	Eremitage Maria Reizenborn	Germany
country	Haliwen Airport (IATA: ABU, ICAO: WATA, formerly WRKA) is an airport in Atambua, Indonesia.	Haliwen Airport	Indonesia
country	San Fernando de Atabapo was the capital city of Venezuela's Amazonas state until the early 1900s.	San Fernando de Atabapo	Venezuela
country	Tworóg (ˈtfɔruk) is a village in Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Tworóg	Poland
country	Kazungula is a small border town in the Southern Province of Zambia, lying on the north bank of the Zambezi River about 70 km west of Livingstone.	Kazungula	Zambia
country	Malvajerd (Persian: مالواجرد‎, also Romanized as Mālvājerd, Māl-e Vājerd, Māl Vājerd; also known as Malvard) is a village in Jarqueeh Olya Rural District, Jarqueh Olya District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Malvajerd	Iran
country	Château Dauzac is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France, in the commune of Labarde.	Château Dauzac	France
country	Stung Sreng River (also spelled Stoeng Sreng) is a river in northwest Cambodia.	Stung Sreng River	Cambodia
country	Jaya Suriya Engineering College is an engineering college, located in Koduveli, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Jaya Suriya Engineering College	India
country	Velyki Klishchi (Ukrainian: Великі Кліщі; Russian: Великие Клещи) is a former village (a selo) in the Narodychi Raion of Zhytomyr Oblast in northern Ukraine.	Velyki Klishchi	Ukraine
country	Chapkut (Armenian: Ճապկուտ; formerly known as Jivikhlu) is a small hamlet in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Chapkut	Armenia
country	Olszyna (ɔlˈʂɨna) (German: Langenöls) is a town in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Olszyna	Poland
country	Misača (Serbian: Мисача) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac, Serbia.	Misača	Serbia
country	Kalisz railway station is a railway station in Kalisz, Poland.	Kalisz railway station	Poland
country	Tautuku Peninsula is a rocky headland in the the Catlins on the south coast of Otago on the South Island of New Zealand.	Tautuku Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Chantepie (Breton: Kantpig, Gallo: Chauntepiy) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Chantepie	France
country	Negash is a village in the Tigray Region (or kilil) of Ethiopia, which straddles the Adigrat-Mekele road (Ethiopian Highway 1) 10 kilometers north of Wukro.	Negash	Ethiopia
country	Capitolias (Greek: Καπιτωλιας) was an ancient city east of the Jordan River, and is identified with the modern village of Beit Ras in the Irbid Governorate in northern Jordan.	Capitolias	Jordan
country	The Greek National Tourism Organization (Greek: Εθνικός Οργανισμός Τουρισμού, Ethnikos Organismos Tourismou), often appreviated as GNTO (Greek: EOT) is the governmental department for the promotion tourism in the country of Greece.	Greek National Tourism Organization	Greece
country	Spessart is a Mittelgebirge, a range of low wooded mountains, in the States of Bavaria and Hesse in Germany.	Spessart	Germany
country	Taklong Island is the main island of the Taklong Island National Marine Reserve located in Nueva Valencia, Guimaras and off southern end of the island of Guimaras, in the West Visayas of the Philippines.	Taklong Island	Philippines
country	Band-e Lal Mohammad (Persian: بند لال محمد ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Band-e Lal Mohammad	Iran
country	Slezská Harta Dam (Czech: Vodní nádrž Slezská Harta) is a water reservoir and dam in the Nízký Jeseník mountain range, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Slezská Harta Dam	Czech Republic
country	Muhammad Nawaz Sharif University of Agriculture (MNS-UAM) (Urdu: محمد نواز شریف یونیورسٹی آف ایگریکلچر‎) is a higher education institute located in Multan, Pakistan.	Muhammad Nawaz Sharif University of Agriculture	Pakistan
country	Jeffreys Bay (Afrikaans: Jeffreysbaai, also known as J-bay) is a town located in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Jeffreys Bay	South Africa
country	Namadineh (Persian: نمدينه‎, also Romanized as Namadīneh) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Namadineh	Iran
country	Mexican Federal Highway 132 (Carretera Federal 132) connects Ecatepec de Morelos, State of Mexico in the west to Tulancingo, Hidalgo in the east.	Mexican Federal Highway 132	Mexico
country	Magleås is a mansion in Høsterkøb near Birkerød in northern Zealand, Denmark.	Magleås	Denmark
country	Aziz Kand (Persian: عزيزكند‎, also Romanized as ``Azīz Kand; also known as ``Azīz Kandī) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 49 families.	Aziz Kand	Iran
country	Firozpur Cantonment (Punjabi: ਫ਼ਿਰੋਜ਼ਪੁਰ ਛਾਉਣੀ) is a cantonment town in Firozpur district in the state of Punjab, India.	Firozpur Cantonment	India
country	Aplanta (Greek: Απλάντα; Turkish: Aplanda) is an abandoned village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 4 km south of Anglisides.	Aplanta	Cyprus
country	The North Bank tunnel concept was a hydroelectric scheme being developed by Meridian Energy on the Waitaki River in Canterbury, New Zealand.	North Bank tunnel	New Zealand
country	The Mercado Adolpho Lisboa, also called Mercado Municipal, is a marketplace located in Manaus, Brazil.	Mercado Adolpho Lisboa	Brazil
country	Stommeln is a village in the north-west of Cologne, Germany.	Stommeln	Germany
country	The Palais des congrès de Gatineau is conference centre in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Palais des congrès de Gatineau	Canada
country	Fronhausen is a community in the south of Marburg-Biedenkopf district in the administrative region of Gießen in Hessen, Germany.	Fronhausen	Germany
country	Tacking Point Lighthouse is Australia's third oldest lighthouse.	Tacking Point Lighthouse	Australia
country	Horadis (Armenian: Հորադիս), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Horadis	Armenia
country	Wereszyn (vɛˈrɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Wereszyn	Poland
country	Plancenoit (Walloon: Planchenois) is a village and section of the municipality of Lasne, Walloon Brabant, Belgium.	Plancenoit	Belgium
country	Šambron (Ukrainian: Шамброн, Shambron) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Šambron	Slovakia
country	Krasnokamensk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Краснокаменск) (ICAO: UIAE) is an airport in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia located 7 km south of Krasnokamensk.	Krasnokamensk Airport	Russia
country	Scoppito is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila, in the Baschi region of southern Italy.	Scoppito	Italy
country	Wells International School, a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand, is an international school with multiple campuses in Bangkok, Thailand.	Wells International School	Thailand
country	Lake Keret (Russian: Кереть, Finnish: Kierettijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Keret	Russia
country	Cecil Peak is a mountain in the Wakatipu Basin, New Zealand and reaches a height of 1,978 metres.	Cecil Peak	New Zealand
country	Nové Vilémovice (in German Neu-Wilmsdorf) is a small village located in the Rychlebské Hory (Reichensteiner Gebirge in German) in the north-eastern part of Moravia in the Czech Republic, a territory historically known as Sudetenland.	Nové Vilémovice	Czech Republic
country	Hsum Hsai (Burmese: ဆမ္မဆယ်) is a village in the Nawnghkio Township, in northern Shan State of Myanmar, located approximately 60 km north-east of Mandalay.	Hsum Hsai	Myanmar
country	Mokrishte (Bulgarian: Мокрище) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria.	Mokrishte	Bulgaria
country	Karinebæk halt is a railway halt serving the eastern part of the seaside resort town of Hornbæk on the north coast of North Zealand, Denmark.	Karinebæk halt	Denmark
country	Matiaszów (maˈtjaʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Matiaszów	Poland
country	Aluma (Hebrew: אֲלֻמָּה or אלומה, lit. Sheaf) is an Haredi communal settlement in southern Israel.	Aluma	Israel
country	The Soğanlı Railway Station is a freight station near the village of Soğanlı in the Kars Province of Turkey.	Soğanlı Railway Station	Turkey
country	Sarhari (سرھاڙي) is a small town of tehsil Shahdadpur, Sanghar District, Sindh province, Pakistan.	Sarhari	Pakistan
country	The Algama mine is a large zirconium mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic.	Algama mine	Russia
country	Răbăgani (Hungarian: Robogány) is a commune in Bihor County, Romania.	Răbăgani	Romania
country	Playa Jeremi is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, located close to the village of Lagun in the north-west of the island.	Playa Jeremi	Curaçao
country	The Fallbach is a creek in Austria.	Fallbach	Austria
country	Canal Flats is a village located at the southern end of Columbia Lake, the source of the Columbia River in British Columbia, Canada.	Canal Flats	Canada
country	Vedra is a municipality in the Spanish province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Vedra	Spain
country	Batrad (Ukrainian: Батрадь, Hungarian: Bótrágy, Rusyn: Бовтрадь) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Batrad	Ukraine
country	The Vianden Pumped Storage Plant is located just north of Vianden in Diekirch District, Luxembourg.	Vianden Pumped Storage Plant	Luxembourg
country	Kraków Valleys Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Dolinki Krakowskie) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, covering an area of 197.77 square kilometres (76.36 sq mi).	Kraków Valleys Landscape Park	Poland
country	Ludranski Vrh (pronounced (ˈluːdɾanski ˈʋəɾx)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Črna na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Ludranski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Devilling is the period of training, pupillage or junior work undertaken by a person wishing to become an advocate in one of the legal systems of the United Kingdom or Ireland.	Devilling	United Kingdom
country	Tifariti (also transliterated ``Tifarita''; Arabic: تيفاريتي) is an oasis town located in north-eastern Western Sahara, east of the Moroccan Berm, 138 km from Smara and 15 km north of the Mauritanian border.	Tifariti	Western Sahara
country	The Port Hedland Saltworks Important Bird Area is a 103 km2 tract of originally intertidal land, now containing a saltern, lying about 20 km east of the port of Port Hedland on the coast of the Pilbara region of north-west Western Australia.	Port Hedland Saltworks Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Gari Kouh Tower (Persian: برج گری کوه‎‎, Borj-e-Gari-Kouh)) is a castle-like tower located in kouhij village in Central District of Bastak County in west of Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gari Kouh Tower	Iran
country	Anipemza (Armenian: Անիպեմզա,Russian: Анипемза) is a village and rural community in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Anipemza	Armenia
country	Ashqal (Persian: اشقل‎; also known as Askal) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Ashqal	Iran
country	Vecsaliena Parish (Latvian: Vecsalienas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.	Vecsaliena Parish	Latvia
country	Saravali (Greek: Σαράβαλι) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Messatida, Achaea, Greece.	Saravali	Greece
country	Alberweiler Castle is a small castle-like structure in the village of Alberweiler, now part of the municipality of Schemmerhofen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Alberweiler Castle	Germany
country	Remøy Bridge (Norwegian: Remøybrua) is a bridge from connecting the islands of Leinøya and Remøya in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Remøy Bridge	Norway
country	Zhaleh-ye Kuseh (Persian: ژاله كوسه‎, also Romanized as Zhāleh-ye Kūseh) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zhaleh-ye Kuseh	Iran
country	Shree Hareshwar Education Society (Marathi: श्री हरेश्वर शिक्षण प्रसारक मंडळ), is an education society based Karjule Hareshwar, Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, India.	Shree Hareshwar Education Society	India
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, Scarisbrick parish had a population of 3,554 people living in 1,505 households, with an almost even distribution between males and females.	Scarisbrick	United Kingdom
country	The river Vefsna (Southern Sami: Vaapstenjeanoe or Swedish: Vapstälven) is the largest river in Nordland county, Norway.	Vefsna	Norway
country	Until April 2013 an oak tree stood near the village, the Pontfadog Oak, reputed to be the oldest in the United Kingdom at the time, but strong winds on the 17 April 2013 caused the tree to topple overnight.	Pontfadog	United Kingdom
country	Uwielinek (uvjɛˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Uwielinek	Poland
country	Kartekun (Persian: كرتكون‎, also Romanized as Kartekūn) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kartekun	Iran
country	Bezliudivka (or Bezludivka, or Bezlyudivka, or Bezlyudovka. Ukrainian: Безлюдівка; Russian: Безлюдовка) is an urban-type settlement located in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Bezliudivka	Ukraine
country	Kirchensur is a village in the municipality of Amerang in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria, Germany.	Kirchensur	Germany
country	Meybod (Persian: ميبد‎‎, also Romanized as Maibud) is a city in and capital of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Meybod	Iran
country	The Taitao Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Taitao) is a westward projection of the mainland of Chile, with which it is connected by the narrow Isthmus of Ofqui, over which the natives and early missionaries were accustomed to carry their boats between the Moraleda Channel and Gulf of Penas.	Taitao Peninsula	Chile
country	Ardameri (Greek: Αρδαμέρι) is a village in the regional unit of Thessaloniki of Greece, at the foot of Mount Chortiatis, on the site of the Ancient city of Ardamerium.	Ardameri	Greece
country	Theodosia Inlet is an inlet in the Desolation Sound region of the South Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located east of Lancelot Inlet, a sub-inlet of Malaspina Inlet.	Theodosia Inlet	Canada
country	Villa Reynolds Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Villa Reynolds) (IATA: VME, ICAO: SAOR) is an airport serving Villa Mercedes, San Luis, Argentina.	Villa Reynolds Airport	Argentina
country	Zinuay Jian (Persian: زينوايجان‎, also Romanized as Zīnūāy Jān; also known as Zīnūn Jīān) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zinuay Jian	Iran
country	La Côte (English: The Slope) is part of the sloping Lake Geneva (French: Lac Léman) north shore, stretching from Nyon to Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	La Côte	Switzerland
country	Mount Ulia is a minor ridge located east of San Sebastián in the Basque Country, territory of Spain, reaching 243 m at its highest point.	Mount Ulia	Spain
country	Tamoyot or Ban Tamoyot is a village in Sanamxay District in Attapeu Province, in southern Laos.	Tamoyot	Laos
country	Lipetsk (Russian: Липецк; IPA: (ˈlʲipʲɪtsk)) is a city and the administrative center of Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the banks of the Voronezh River in the Don basin, 438 kilometers (272 mi) southeast of Moscow.	Lipetsk	Russia
country	The Uriconian rocks of Shropshire (Wrekin Terrane) are thought to be potentially related to the Longmyndian Supergroup of the Stretton Hills, Shropshire, United Kingdom.	Uriconian	United Kingdom
country	Jarosty (jaˈrɔstɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jarosty	Poland
country	The Port of Calais is a port in Calais, northern France.	Port of Calais	France
country	Launceston railway station was situated in Launceston, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Launceston railway station	United Kingdom
country	Hafslo Church (Norwegian: Hafslo kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hafslo Church	Norway
country	An Ortsbezirk is an administrative division of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Ortsbezirk	Germany
country	Monte Kaolino is a sand dune in Hirschau, Bavaria, Germany.	Monte Kaolino	Germany
country	The Bujanov Tunnel (Slovak: Bujanovský tunel) is the longest double track railway tunnel in Slovakia, on the Margecany-Košice route.	Bujanov Tunnel	Slovakia
country	Stopce (pronounced (ˈstoːptsɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Stopce	Slovenia
country	Borups Allé is a major artery in the northwestern part of inner Copenhagen, Denmark.	Borups Allé	Denmark
country	South Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the south of Barbados.	South Point Lighthouse	Barbados
country	Coín is a town and municipality in the Province of Málaga, Spain, c. 33 km west of the provincial capital, Málaga, and about 30 km north of Marbella.	Coín	Spain
country	Heeßel is a borough of Burgdorf in the district of Hanover in Lower Saxony (Germany).	Heeßel	Germany
country	Lhommaizé is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou-Charentes region of western France.	Lhommaizé	France
country	Ravno Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Равно Село, pronounced (râːʋnoː sělo)) is a village in Serbia.	Ravno Selo	Serbia
country	The Kaiservilla in Bad Ischl, Upper Austria, was the summer residence of Emperor Franz Joseph I and Empress Elisabeth of Austria, known as Sisi.	Kaiservilla	Austria
country	Dzióbin (ˈd͡ʑubin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dzióbin	Poland
country	Sangiliyandapuram (Tamil: சங்கிலியாண்டபுரம்) or Sangaliandapuram (Tamil: சங்கலியாண்டபுரம்) is a neighbourhood in the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Sangiliyandapuram	India
country	Odantapuri (also called Odantapura or Uddandapura) was a Buddhist Mahavihara in what is now Bihar, India.	Odantapuri	India
country	Ryrkaypiy (Russian: Рыркайпий; Chukchi: Ир-Каппея) is a rural locality (a selo) just to the west of Mys Shmidta in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Ryrkaypiy	Russia
country	Gulsher is a village adjacent to Basirpur, Depalpur, Okara District, Pakistan.	Gulsher	Pakistan
country	The Duchy of Luxemburg (French: Luxembourg, Luxembourgish: Lëtzebuerg) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire, the ancestral homeland of the noble House of Luxembourg.	Duchy of Luxemburg	Luxembourg
country	The Aukrug Nature Park (German: Naturpark Aukrug) is a nature park in north Germany with an area of 380 square kilometres (150 sq mi).	Aukrug Nature Park	Germany
country	Vidin (Bulgarian: Видин) is a port town on the southern bank of the Danube in north-western Bulgaria.	Vidin	Bulgaria
country	Robežnieki parish (Latvian: Robežnieku pagasts, Latgalian: Pūstinis pogosts) is an administrative unit of Krāslava Municipality, Latvia.	Robežnieki parish	Latvia
country	Dien Bien Phu Airport (IATA: DIN, ICAO: VVDB) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Điện Biên Phủ) is located at Dien Bien Phu in Vietnam.	Dien Bien Phu Airport	Vietnam
country	Nowe Czajki (ˈnɔvɛ ˈt͡ʂai̯ki) (German: Neu Czayken; 1933-45: Neu Kiwitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Czajki	Poland
country	Novo Goražde (Serbian Cyrillic: Ново Горажде), also known as Ustiprača, is a municipality of Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Novo Goražde	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Shunet is a meromictic lake near the selo of Shira in the Republic of Khakassia, Russia.	Lake Shunet	Russia
country	Šegova Vas (pronounced (ʃɛˈɡɔːʋa ˈʋaːs) or (ʃɛˈɡoːʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Šegova vas, German: Sigisdorf) is a village in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia.	Šegova Vas	Slovenia
country	Stylloi (Greek: Στύλλοι, Turkish: Mutluyaka) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 12 km northwest of Famagusta.	Stylloi	Cyprus
country	Clonglash (Irish: Cluan Glas) is a townland some two miles (3 km) east of Buncrana on the Inishowen Peninsula in County Donegal, Ireland It was voted the best townland in the world earlier this year and every year.	Clonglash	Ireland
country	Sarchati-ye Ali Mirza (Persian: سرچاتي علي ميرزا‎, also Romanized as Sarchātī-ye ʿAlī Mīrzā) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarchati-ye Ali Mirza	Iran
country	Čatići (Cyrillic: Чатићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čatići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Prevoje (pronounced (pɾɛˈʋoːjɛ)) is a small settlement north of Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Prevoje	Slovenia
country	Otalež (pronounced (ɔˈtaːlɛʃ)) is a village in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Otalež	Slovenia
country	Khunabad (Persian: خون اباد‎, also Romanized as Khūnābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khunabad	Iran
country	Poimeniko (Greek: Ποιμενικό) is a village and a community in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the eastcentral Evros regional unit, Greece.	Poimeniko	Greece
country	Seri Gemilang Bridge is a ceremonial bridge in Putrajaya, Malaysia.	Seri Gemilang Bridge	Malaysia
country	Okongo is a village in the Ohangwena Region of northern Namibia, situated about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Eenhana.	Okongo	Namibia
country	Sha'ar Efraim (Hebrew: שַׁעַר אֶפְרַיִם, lit. Efraim Gate) is a moshav in central Israel.	Sha'ar Efraim	Israel
country	Warfaze's role in the development of progressive metal in Bangladesh has been an inspiration for several Bangladeshi bands, such as Artcell.	Warfaze	Bangladesh
country	Edmonton/Lechelt Field Aerodrome (TC LID: CGF2) is a private aerodrome located 26 nautical miles (48 km; 30 mi) east of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton/Lechelt Field Aerodrome	Canada
country	Krześlinek (kʂɛˈɕlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krześlinek	Poland
country	Kukkar Hatta is a town situated 12 km west of the Kabirwala with link road on canal bank of Sidhnai in Kabirwala Tehsil,and 10 km north on pull rangho with link road'north east to Multan about 50 km in Khanewal District in the Province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Kukkar Hatta	Pakistan
country	The Castlegar Apollos were a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada.	Castlegar Apollos	Canada
country	Issyk-Kul (also Ysyk Köl, Issyk-Kol: Kyrgyz: Ысык-Көл (ɯsɯqkœl); Russian: Иссык-Куль) is an endorheic lake in the northern Tian Shan mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan.	Issyk-Kul	Kyrgyzstan
country	Nepomuk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛpomuk); German: Pomuk) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Nepomuk	Czech Republic
country	The 1910 Great Flood of Paris (French: Crue de la Seine de 1910) was a catastrophe in which the Seine River, carrying winter rains from its tributaries, flooded Paris agglomeration, France.	1910 Great Flood of Paris	France
country	Chacheragh (Persian: چاچراغ (حق اباد)‎, also Romanized as Chācherāgh; also known as Ḩaqqābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chacheragh	Iran
country	Lipnica Mała (lipˈnit͡sa ˈmawa), (Slovak: Malá Lipnica) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Lipnica Mała	Poland
country	Pasieczna (paˈɕet͡ʂna) is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pasieczna	Poland
country	Wiszno (ˈviʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wiszno	Poland
country	Balalam (Persian: بلالم‎, also Romanized as Balālam) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Balalam	Iran
country	Medkila is part of the town of Harstad in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Medkila	Norway
country	Darhan Muminggan United Banner (Mongolian: ᠳᠠᠷᠬᠠᠨ ᠮᠤᠤᠮᠢᠩᠭ᠋ᠠᠨ ᠬᠣᠯᠪᠣᠭᠠᠲᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Darqan Muumiŋɣan Qolboɣatu qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 达尔罕茂明安联合旗; traditional Chinese: 達爾罕茂明安聯合旗; pinyin: Dá'ěrhǎn Màomíng'ān Liánhé Qí) is a banner of west-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Darhan Muminggan United Banner	People's Republic of China
country	San Pedro Teozacoalco is a town and municipality in Oaxaca, in south-western Mexico.	San Pedro Teozacoalco	Mexico
country	Assumption Island Airport (ICAO: FSAS) is an airfield serving Assumption Island in the Seychelles.	Assumption Island Airport	Seychelles
country	Kapuyt (Armenian: Կապույտ) or Kapuit, is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Kapuyt	Armenia
country	The 1972 Königs Wusterhausen air disaster occurred on 14 August when an Interflug airplane crashed shortly after take-off from Berlin-Schönefeld Airport in Schönefeld, East Germany, on a holiday charter flight to Burgas, Bulgaria.	1972 Königs Wusterhausen air disaster	East Germany
country	The Liublinskaya mine is a large mine located in the south of Russia in Novosibirsk Oblast.	Liublinskaya mine	Russia
country	The State University of Leuven was a university founded in 1817 in Leuven in Belgium, then part of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands.	State University of Leuven	Belgium
country	International Medical Center or IMC is a large hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and was built in 2005.	International Medical Center	Saudi Arabia
country	The Order of Rio Branco (Ordem de Rio Branco) is an honorific order of Brazil.	Order of Rio Branco	Brazil
country	Namrup (Assamese: নামৰূপ) is a small town situated close to the foothills of the great Patkai Mountain Range(Purvanchal Range connecting to Myanmar) in the extreme northeastern part of Assam Arunachal, India.	Namrup	India
country	The Pulong Tau National Park (Malay: Taman Negara Pulong Tau) is a national park in the Kelabit Highlands of Sarawak, Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	Pulong Tau National Park	Malaysia
country	Sakteng Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary located mostly in Trashigang District and just crossing the border into Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Sakteng Wildlife Sanctuary	Bhutan
country	Chicoutimi/Saint-Honoré Aerodrome (ICAO: CYRC), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) east southeast of Saint-Honoré and approximately 5.6 nautical miles (10.4 km; 6.4 mi) from Chicoutimi in Quebec, Canada.	Chicoutimi/Saint-Honoré Aerodrome	Canada
country	Beit Nehemia (Hebrew: בֵּית נְחֶמְיָה, lit. House of Nehemiah) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Nehemia	Israel
country	Korti or Kurti is a town in northern-central Sudan.	Korti	Sudan
country	Sandi Bird Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary in Hardoi district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sandi Bird Sanctuary	India
country	Chimthane is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Chimthane	India
country	Bøsdalafossur is a waterfall in the Faroe Islands that flows from the lake Leitisvatn/Sørvágsvatn and into the Atlantic ocean.	Bøsdalafossur	Faroe Islands
country	G:link, also known as the Gold Coast Light Rail, is a light rail system serving the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia.	G:link	Australia
country	SVT2 (usually referred to as Tvåan), is one of two television channels broadcast by Sveriges Television in Sweden.	SVT2	Sweden
country	Kunstverein Arnsberg is an Association for Contemporary Art established in 1987 and located in Arnsberg, Germany.	Kunstverein Arnsberg	Germany
country	Jørpeland Church (Norwegian: Jørpeland kirke) is a parish church in Strand municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Jørpeland Church	Norway
country	Palladam is a town of Tirupur in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Palladam	India
country	National Pingtung University (NPTU; Chinese: 國立屏東大學) is a public university in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	National Pingtung University	Taiwan
country	Dalaffilla, also called Gabuli,or Alu-Dalafilla is a 578 m (1,896 ft) high stratovolcano in Ethiopia.	Dalaffilla	Ethiopia
country	Wittstock/Dosse is a town in the Ostprignitz-Ruppin district, in north-western Brandenburg, Germany.	Wittstock	Germany
country	Bobsleigh at the 1988 Winter Olympics was held at the Canada Olympic Park in Calgary, Alberta, Canada The event included competitors from countries with little or no snow.	Bobsleigh at the 1988 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Neuland Colony is a Mennonite settlement in Paraguay.	Neuland Colony	Paraguay
country	The Public Procurement Service (Hangul: 조달청; hanja: 調達廳, PPS) is organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Strategy and Finance.	Public Procurement Service	South Korea
country	Landskrona BoIS (short for Landskrona Boll och Idrottsällskap, English: Landskrona Ball and Sports Society, locally referred to as BoIS) is a Swedish professional football club located in Landskrona, Scania, which currently plays in Division 1 Södra, the third tier of football in Sweden.	Landskrona BoIS	Sweden
country	The City of Adam stood ``beside Zarethan'' (Joshua 3:16) on the east bank of the Jordan, it is called also ``Damia''.	City of Adam	Jordan
country	The Yolla gas field is a natural gas field in Bass Strait, Australia, lying 147 km off the south coast of Victoria.	Yolla gas field	Australia
country	Onakkunnu is a village of the panchayat town Karivellur in Kannur district, Kerala, India Its post code is 670521.	Onakkunnu	India
country	Erasakkanayakkanur is a small village located near Theni, Tamil Nadu state, India.	Erasakkanayakkanur	India
country	The Bukit Gombak Stadium is located in Bukit Batok, Singapore, and has a capacity of 3,000 people.	Bukit Gombak Stadium	Singapore
country	Balagansk (Russian: Балага́нск) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Balagansky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia.	Balagansk	Russia
country	Tofia is a small islet of Vaitupu, Tuvalu, in the entrance to the lagoon.	Tofia	Tuvalu
country	Electric Magma is an instrumental heavy riff rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Electric Magma	Canada
country	Machern (German pronunciation: (ˈmaxɐn)) is a town (or ``free community'') in the Leipzig district in Saxony, Germany.	Machern	Germany
country	Maly Lyakhovsky Island (Russian: Малый Ляховский) is the second largest of the Lyakhovsky Islands belonging to the New Siberian Islands archipelago in Laptev Sea in northern Russia.	Maly Lyakhovsky Island	Russia
country	Jabal al-Druze (Arabic: جبل الدروز‎, Mountain of the Druze), officially Jabal al-Arab (Arabic: جبل العرب‎, Mountain of the Arabs), is an elevated volcanic region in the As-Suwayda Governorate of southern Syria.	Jabal al-Druze	Syria
country	Oberhausen (German pronunciation: (ˈoːbɐhaʊzən)) is a city on the river Emscher in the Ruhr Area, Germany, located between Duisburg (c. 12 km) and Essen (c. 13 km).	Oberhausen	Germany
country	Kvinnefossen, sometimes written Kvinnafossen, is a waterfall of the river Kvinna in Leikanger, Norway.	Kvinnefossen	Norway
country	Santa Maria delle Grazie a Mondragone is a small now-deconsecrated Roman Catholic church building in central Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria delle Grazie a Mondragone	Italy
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Kansas, established in 1859, is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America with jurisdiction over eastern Kansas.	Episcopal Diocese of Kansas	United States of America
country	The Shoes on the Danube Bank is a memorial in Budapest, Hungary.	Shoes on the Danube Bank	Hungary
country	On March 20, 2010, Ron McLean profiled Dan Achen and Junkhouse with a segment prior to the Leafs-Canadiens game on Hockey Night in Canada.	Junkhouse	Canada
country	Seyitören, Damal is a village in the District of Damal, Ardahan Province, Turkey.	Seyitören, Damal	Turkey
country	The Pruzhonka River (Russian: Пружёнка) is a river in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Pruzhonka River	Russia
country	Olesh (Hebrew: עֹלֶשׁ, עולש, lit. Chicory) is a moshav in central Israel.	Olesh	Israel
country	National Kaohsiung University of Applied Sciences (KUAS; Chinese: 國立高雄應用科技大學; pinyin: Guólì Gāoxióng Yìngyòng Kējì Dàxué) is a university located in Yanchao District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	National Kaohsiung University of Applied Sciences	Taiwan
country	Stare Wądołki (ˈstarɛ vɔnˈdɔu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Wądołki	Poland
country	Şərif is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şərif	Azerbaijan
country	Medkovets (Bulgarian: Медковец, pronounced (mɛtˈkovɛt͡s); also transliterated Medkovec or Medkovetz) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Montana Province.	Medkovets	Bulgaria
country	Gyaraspur is a panchayat village in the Vidisha district, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Gyaraspur	India
country	Dublin City Council (Irish: Comhairle Cathrach Bhaile Átha Cliath) is the authority responsible for local government in the city of Dublin in Ireland.	Dublin City Council	Ireland
country	Mieroszów (mʲɛˈrɔʂuf) (German: Friedland in Niederschlesien) is a town in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Mieroszów	Poland
country	Cherpuk Group (Russian: Черпук) is a group of two cinder cones located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Cherpuk Group	Russia
country	Nommern (Luxembourgish: Noumer) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg, in the canton of Mersch.	Nommern	Luxembourg
country	Nəcəfəlidizə (also, Nəcəfəli Dizə, Nadzhafalidiza, and Nadzhav-Ali-Bek-diza) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Nəcəfəlidizə	Azerbaijan
country	Naval and Maritime Academy (NMA), Trincomalee, is the location of initial officer training in the Sri Lanka Navy, and is located within SLN Dockyard, Trincomalee.	Naval and Maritime Academy	Sri Lanka
country	Chogha Sabz-e Khoda Nazar (Persian: چغاسبزخدانظر‎, also Romanized as Choghā Sabz-e Khodā Naz̧ar; also known as Khodā Naz̧ar-e Choghā Sabz and Choghā Sabz and Choqā-ye Sabz) is a village in Suri Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chogha Sabz-e Khoda Nazar	Iran
country	Sorkhrud (Persian: سرخرود‎, also Romanized as Sorkhrūd, Sorkh Rūd, and Surkhrūd; also known as Sokhrun and Sorkhrūd-e Gharbī) is a city in and the capital of Sorkhrud District, in Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sorkhrud	Iran
country	Taiz International Airport (IATA: TAI, ICAO: OYTZ) is a public airport located in Taiz, the capital of the Taiz Governorate, Yemen.	Taiz International Airport	Yemen
country	Rém (Croatian: Rim) is a village in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary.	Rém	Hungary
country	Rogozna (Serbian Cyrillic: Рогозна) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia, near the city of Novi Pazar.	Rogozna	Serbia
country	Macquarie University Library was the first University in Australia to install an Automated Storage and Retrieval System (ASRS) in its Library.	Macquarie University Library	Australia
country	Eastwood Collegiate Institute is a public high school located at 760 Weber Street East in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Eastwood Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Nürnberg Hauptbahnhof (German for Nuremberg main station) or Nuremberg Central Station is the main railway station serving the city of Nuremberg in Germany.	Nuremberg Central Station	Germany
country	The celebration of 150 years of the Independence of Colombia in 1969 marks a pattern within the urban context of Paipa.	Paipa	Colombia
country	Schwabstedt (Danish: Svavsted, North Frisian: Swåbstääist) is a municipality in the district of Northern Frisia (Nordfriesland), in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Schwabstedt	Germany
country	Minignan (also spelled Maninian) is a town in north-western Ivory Coast.	Minignan	Ivory Coast
country	The Lublin Castle (Polish: Zamek Lubelski) is a medieval castle situated in Lublin, Poland, adjacent to the Old Town district and close to the city center.	Lublin Castle	Poland
country	Khuroson District, formerly Ghozimalik District (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ғозималик; Persian: ناحیهٔ خراسان‎), is a district in Khatlon province of Tajikistan extending south from national capital Dushanbe toward the provincial capital Kurgan-Tyube (Qurghonteppa).	Khuroson District	Tajikistan
country	The Abruzzi Glacier is a glacier north of the Baltoro Kangri peak in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Abruzzi Glacier	Pakistan
country	Al Daayen (Arabic: الضعاين‎) is a municipality in the state of Qatar.	Al Daayen	Qatar
country	Ljosheim Chapel (Norwegian: Ljosheim kapell) is a chapel in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Ljosheim Chapel	Norway
country	Kokkinotrimithia (Greek: Κοκκινοτριμιθιά (locally (kot͡ʃʰinotrimiˈθca))) is a town located west of Nicosia, Cyprus, close to the Green Line.	Kokkinotrimithia	Cyprus
country	Maroneia-Sapes (Greek: Μαρώνεια-Σάπες) is a municipality in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Maroneia-Sapes	Greece
country	The Kanga Cup is a week-long international youth association football tournament held annually in Canberra, Australia during July.	Kanga Cup	Australia
country	Trauttmansdorff Castle is a castle located south of the city of Meran, South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Trauttmansdorff Castle	Italy
country	NAC Breda (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈnɑk breːˈdaː)), simply often known as NAC, is a Dutch professional football club, based in Breda, The Netherlands.	NAC Breda	Netherlands
country	Kültəpə (also Aşağı Gültəpə, Gültəpə, and Kyul’tepe) is a settlement dated from the Eneolithic epoch, a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Kültəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Věžnička (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvjɛʒɲɪtʃka)) is a village in the Jihlava District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Věžnička	Czech Republic
country	Al Ain International Airport (IATA: AAN, ICAO: OMAL) (Arabic: مطار العين الدولي‎; transliterated: Matar al-Ayn Al-Dowaly) is an airport located 8 nautical miles (15 km; 9.2 mi) west north west of Al Ain, United Arab Emirates.	Al Ain International Airport	United Arab Emirates
country	The Little River Branch was a branch line railway that formed part of New Zealand's national rail network.	Little River Branch	New Zealand
country	Simeiz (Ukrainian: Сімеїз, Russian: Симеи́з, Crimean Tatar: Simeiz) is a resort town, an urban-type settlement in Yalta Municipality in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Simeiz	Ukraine
country	Skongenes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Skongenes fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Skongenes Lighthouse	Norway
country	Viseu Airport, also known as Gonçalves Lobato Airport is an airport in Viseu, Portugal.	Viseu Airport	Portugal
country	The Coimbra University Stadium (Portuguese: Estádio Universitário de Coimbra), or EUC, is an extensive sports complex of the University of Coimbra on Mondego's left bank, in Santa Clara parish, in the city of Coimbra, Portugal.	Coimbra University Stadium	Portugal
country	The Yarra Yarra Golf Club is a golf club in Melbourne, Australia.	Yarra Yarra Golf Club	Australia
country	Patrówek (paˈtruvɛk) (German: Kleinpittsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Patrówek	Poland
country	Mount Gambier Prison is the only privately managed prison in South Australia.	Mount Gambier Prison	Australia
country	Tullyhaw (Irish: Teallach Eathach) (which means 'The Territory of Eochaidh', an ancestor of the McGoverns) is a Barony in County Cavan, Ireland.	Tullyhaw	Ireland
country	Hupperath (in Eifel dialect: Hauperth) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hupperath	Germany
country	The Laboratoire d'Annecy-le-Vieux de physique des particules (in English the Annecy-le-Vieux Particle Physics Laboratory), usually abbreviated as LAPP, is a French experimental physics laboratory located in Annecy-le-Vieux in the Savoie region of France.	Laboratoire d'Annecy-le-Vieux de physique des particules	France
country	Orońsko (ɔˈrɔɲskɔ) is a village in Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Orońsko	Poland
country	Pot Black was a BBC television series of annual snooker tournaments held in the United Kingdom from 1969 to 1986, which carried no ranking points, but played a large part in the popularisation of the modern game.	Pot Black	United Kingdom
country	Okome is a parish and village in Falkenberg, Sweden.	Okome	Sweden
country	Starmark Co., Ltd (Thai: บริษัท สตาร์มาร์ค จำกัด), trading as Starmark (Thai: สตาร์มาร์ค) is a privately held, Thailand built-in furniture company that specialize in kitchen and bathroom products.	Starmark	Thailand
country	The Taber Golden Suns were a Junior A ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League based in Taber, Alberta, Canada.	Taber Golden Suns	Canada
country	Kamieńczyk-Borowy (kaˈmjɛɲt͡ʂɨk bɔˈrɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamieńczyk-Borowy	Poland
country	Ya'ara (Hebrew: יַעֲרָה, lit. honeysuckle and honeycomb) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Ya'ara	Israel
country	Tubna (Arabic: تبنة‎, also spelled Tibna or Tebnah) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate in the Hauran region.	Tubna	Syria
country	Shafir (Hebrew: שָׁפִיר) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Shafir	Israel
country	Keitum (Danish: Kejtum, Frisian: Kairem) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Keitum	Germany
country	Yakassé-Attobrou is a town in southeastern Ivory Coast.	Yakassé-Attobrou	Ivory Coast
country	Idritsa (Russian: Идрица) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Idritsa River, a left tributary of the Velikaya River.	Idritsa	Russia
country	Barker railway station was the only intermediate station on the Kew railway line in Melbourne, Australia.	Barker railway station	Australia
country	The Teatro Stabile di Catania (Permanent theatre of Catania) is a theatrical institution based in Catania, Sicily, Italy which was formed in 1958.	Teatro Stabile di Catania	Italy
country	Duljin (Persian: دولجين‎, also Romanized as Dūljīn, Dooljin, and Dūlajīn; also known as Tūlūn) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Duljin	Iran
country	Muntelier (French name: Montilier) is a municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Muntelier	Switzerland
country	Castle Bravo was the code name given to the first United States test of a dry fuel hydrogen bomb, detonated on March 1, 1954, at Bikini Atoll, Marshall Islands, as the first test of Operation Castle.	Castle Bravo	Marshall Islands
country	Heungin-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Sindang 1-dong.	Heungin-dong	South Korea
country	Birtvisi (Georgian: ბირთვისი) is a ruined medieval fortress in Kvemo Kartli, Georgia, nested within limestone cliffs in the Algeti river gorge.	Birtvisi	Georgia
country	Wankar Quta Qullu (Aymara wankara a kind of drum, quta lake, qullu mountain, ``wankara lake mountain'', also spelled Huancar Kkota Kkollu) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,900 metres (16,076 ft) high.	Wankar Quta Qullu	Bolivia
country	Yeghnik (Armenian: Եղնիկ, also Romanized as Eghnik and Yekhnik; until 1946, Dadalu) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Yeghnik	Armenia
country	Sriram Engineering College (Tamil: ஸ்ரீராம் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி) is an engineering college in Perumalpattu, Tiruvallur Dt., Tamil Nadu, India.	Sriram Engineering College	India
country	The Terra Nova River (Pernambuco) is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.	Terra Nova River (Pernambuco)	Brazil
country	The Dilmun Burial Mounds are a number of necropolis areas on the main island of Bahrain dating back to the Dilmun, the Umm an-Nar Culture and later eras.	Dilmun Burial Mounds	Bahrain
country	Monte Croce di Muggio is a mountain of Lombardy in Italy with an elevation of 1,799 m (5,902 ft).	Monte Croce di Muggio	Italy
country	Baneh County (Persian: شهرستان بانه‎) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran.	Baneh County	Iran
country	Dramsha or Drumsha (Bulgarian: Дръмша) is a village in Kostinbrod Municipality, Sofia Province Bulgaria.	Dramsha	Bulgaria
country	Vaalwater is a small town situated on the Mokolo River in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Vaalwater	South Africa
country	Ramjin (Persian: رامجين‎, also Romanized as Rāmjīn; also known as Ramandeh) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ramjin	Iran
country	The City of Ryde is a local government area that services certain suburbs located within the Lower North Shore and Northern Suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	City of Ryde	Australia
country	Kyiv National Linguistic University (Ukrainian: Київський національний лінгвістичний університет) is a higher education institution in Kyiv, Ukraine.	Kyiv National Linguistic University	Ukraine
country	Bagaces District is a district in Bagaces Canton, in the Guanacaste Province of Costa Rica.	Bagaces District	Costa Rica
country	The Magi Chapel is the chapel in the Palazzo Medici Riccardi of Florence, Italy.	Magi Chapel	Italy
country	Kanata Lakes also known as Marchwood-Lakeside is a neighbourhood in Kanata North Ward in the west end of the City of Ottawa, Canada.	Kanata Lakes	Canada
country	Jahangirak (Persian: جهانگیرک ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jahangirak	Iran
country	Atomfjella is a mountain range in Ny-Friesland at Spitsbergen, Svalbard, Norway.	Atomfjella	Norway
country	Canumã River (Portuguese: Rio Canumã) is a river in the Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.	Canumã River	Brazil
country	Prerow boasts the oldest lighthouse in Germany; it celebrated its 160th anniversary in 2008.	Prerow	Germany
country	Czułówek (t͡ʂuˈwuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czułówek	Poland
country	Aohan Banner (Mongolian: ᠠᠤᠬᠠᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Auqan qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 敖汉旗; traditional Chinese: 敖漢旗; pinyin: Áohàn Qí) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering Liaoning province to the south.	Aohan Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Çöl Dəllək (also, Chël’dellyak and Chol''-Dallyak) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çöl Dəllək	Azerbaijan
country	Larema (Persian: لارما‎, also Romanized as Lāremā and Lārmā) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Larema	Iran
country	Frederiksberg Gardens (Danish: Frederiksberg Have) is one of the largest and most attractive greenspaces in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederiksberg Gardens	Denmark
country	Oshnar (Persian: اشنار‎, also Romanized as Oshnār) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Oshnar	Iran
country	DSC Indoor Arena is a description of a new multi-use indoor arena in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that was under construction until construction stopped because of the late-2000s recession.	DSC Indoor Arena	United Arab Emirates
country	King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality is a municipality situated in the inland of Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.	King Sabata Dalindyebo Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Røros Airport (IATA: RRS, ICAO: ENRO; Norwegian: Røros lufthavn) is a regional airport located 2 kilometers (1.2 mi) from the town of Røros, Norway.	Røros Airport	Norway
country	The Moose Jaw Canadian National Railway Station (located in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada) was designed by John Schoefield and built by the Canadian National Railway in 1919.	Moose Jaw Canadian National Railway Station	Canada
country	Przemyśl County (Polish: powiat przemyski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine.	Przemyśl County	Poland
country	Bukachivtsi (Ukrainian: Букачівці; Polish: Bukaczowce) is an urban-type settlement in Rohatyn Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in Ukraine.	Bukachivtsi	Ukraine
country	Mount Barrow (Aboriginal: Pialermeliggener AU pronunciation: /ˌpiːælˈmiːˈlɪɡˈdjɛnˈnər/) is a mountain in the northern region of Tasmania, Australia.	Mount Barrow	Australia
country	South Ververy or Bherbheri is a small village in the north of Bangladesh under Nilphamari District and Kishoreganj Upazila.	Ververy	Bangladesh
country	Pachel Chalavaz (Persian: پاچل چلاوز‎, also Romanized as Pāchel Chalāvaz) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pachel Chalavaz	Iran
country	The Amir-ud-daula Public Library (Hindi: अमीर-उद-दौला पब्लिक लाइब्रेरी, Urdu: امر-اد-دلا پبلک لائبریری‎), is a public library in Lucknow, India.	Amir-ud-daula Public Library	India
country	Konavle (pronounced (kɔ̌naːv̞lɛ); Italian: Canali or Valle dei Canali) is a small region and municipality located southeast of Dubrovnik, Croatia.	Konavle	Croatia
country	Zahrisht is a village in Kukës County, northeastern Albania.	Zahrisht	Albania
country	Juraqan (Persian: جورقان‎, also Romanized as Jūraqān, Jarūqān, and Jowraqān; also known as Jooraghan, Jūrūghan, and Jūzghān) is a city in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Juraqan	Iran
country	Sisterna is one of eleven parishes (administrative divisions) in the municipality of Ibias, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Sisterna	Spain
country	Tarczyn (ˈtart͡ʂɨn) is a town in Poland, located in Masovian Voivodeship, about 30 kilometres (19 miles) south of Warsaw.	Tarczyn	Poland
country	Debal (Sindhi: ديبل‎) was an ancient port located near modern Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Debal	Pakistan
country	Scotts Road is a road located in central area of Singapore.	Scotts Road	Singapore
country	Spissøy or Spyssøya is an island in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Spissøy	Norway
country	Kaltern Friary is a Franciscan friary in Kaltern (sometimes called Kaltern an der Weinstraße), South Tyrol, Italy.	Kaltern Friary	Italy
country	The coal mines attracted glass manufacturer John Robert Lucas, who in 1788 established the Nailsea Glassworks that became the fourth-largest of its kind in the United Kingdom, mostly producing low-grade bottle glass.	Nailsea	United Kingdom
country	Basarbovo Monastery (Bulgarian: Басарбовски манастир) - the Monastery of Saint Dimitar Basarbowski - is a Bulgarian-orthodox cave monastery near the city of Ruse in north-eastern Bulgaria.	Basarbovo Monastery	Bulgaria
country	Molla Piri (Persian: ملاپيري‎, also Romanized as Mollā Pīrī; also known as Mollā Parī and Mullah Pīri) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Molla Piri	Iran
country	Birougou National Park, also known as the Monts Birougou Wetlands, is a national park in central Gabon.	Birougou National Park	Gabon
country	The Folies Bergère (French pronunciation: ​(fɔ.li bɛʁ.ʒɛʁ)) is a cabaret music hall, located in Paris, France.	Folies Bergère	France
country	Kalasatama metro station (Finnish: Kalasataman metroasema, Swedish: Fiskehamnens metrostation) is a station on the Helsinki Metro, in the capital city of Finland.	Kalasatama metro station	Finland
country	Iğdır Airport (IATA: IGD, ICAO: LTCT) (Turkish: Iğdır Havalimanı) is a public airport in Iğdır, located in Iğdır Province, Turkey.	Iğdır Airport	Turkey
country	The Browns polymetallic ore deposit is a large ore deposit located at Mount Fitch, near Batchelor, 64 kilometres south of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.	Browns polymetallic ore deposit	Australia
country	Stari Lec (Serbian Cyrillic: Стари Лец) is a village in Serbia.	Stari Lec	Serbia
country	Semizovac is a village in the Vogošća municipality, near Sarajevo, Sarajevo Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Semizovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Recherche Archipelago Nature Reserve is a protected area located in the Recherche Archipelago off the south coast of Western Australia.	Recherche Archipelago Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Kaikorai Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian congregation of the PCANZ Presbyterian Church of Aotearoa New Zealand located in Kaikorai, a suburb of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Kaikorai Presbyterian Church	New Zealand
country	Ennis Avenue is a major road between Rockingham and its southern suburbs and is part of Australia's National Highway 1 for all of its length.	Ennis Avenue	Australia
country	Baker Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, extending east from Grenville Channel opposite Pitt Island, to the south of Kumealon Inlet.	Baker Inlet	Canada
country	Marblerock Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island, Canada, at the head of Marblerock Creek.	Marblerock Lake	Canada
country	The San Pedro Cemetery Museum is a cemetery and museum located in Medellín, Colombia.	San Pedro Cemetery Museum	Colombia
country	The Monte Viso Tunnel (Italian: Buco di Viso) is an Alpine tunnel built during the Renaissance and located eight kilometres north of Monviso (Cottian Alps), northern Italy.	Monte Viso Tunnel	Italy
country	Sabalito is a small town of fewer than a hundred houses in the county of Coto Brus, province of Puntarenas of Costa Rica.	Sabalito	Costa Rica
country	Basse Casamance National Park, located near Oussouye in Ziguinchor, is one of six national parks in Senegal.	Basse Casamance National Park	Senegal
country	Agartala Airport (IATA: IXA, ICAO: VEAT) is a domestic airport located 12 km (6.5 nautical miles) northwest of the city of Agartala, the capital of the state of Tripura in India.	Agartala Airport	India
country	Rit'iqucha (Quechua rit'i snow, qucha lake, ``snow lake'', hispanicized spelling Riticocha) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Rit'iqucha	Peru
country	Llanquihue River (Spanish: Río Llanquihue) is a river in the commune of Panguipulli, southern Chile.	Llanquihue River	Chile
country	Fatullah (Bengali: ফতুল্লা) is a town on the southern outskirts of Dhaka, in central Bangladesh, close to the town of Narayanganj.	Fatullah	Bangladesh
country	Mrozy Małe (ˈmrɔzɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Mrosen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mrozy Małe	Poland
country	Matanukulaelae is an uninhabited islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu.	Matanukulaelae	Tuvalu
country	Abu Hail (Arabic: أبو هيل‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Abu Hail	United Arab Emirates
country	The Goh Keng Swee Command and Staff College (GKS CSC) is one of five officer schools of the SAFTI Military Institute of the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF).	Goh Keng Swee Command and Staff College	Singapore
country	Tamwe Township (also Tarmwe Township; Burmese: တာမွေ မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (tàmwè mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in east central Yangon, Myanmar.	Tamwe Township	Myanmar
country	Arif Wala railway station (Urdu: عارف والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Arifwala, Pakistan.	Arif Wala railway station	Pakistan
country	The population of Inverkeilor parish in the United Kingdom Census 2001 was 972, up from 902 in 1991.	Inverkeilor	United Kingdom
country	Claira (Catalan: Clairà) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Claira	France
country	The Tauanui River is a river of the South Wairarapa District of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Tauanui River	New Zealand
country	The Irish Rovers is a group of Irish musicians, half of whom now live in Canada.	The Irish Rovers	Canada
country	Gurguri is a village and Union Council of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Gurguri	Pakistan
country	Søtorvet (lit. ``The Lake Square'') is an elegant late 19th century residential development facing The Lakes in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Søtorvet	Denmark
country	Kārte Seh (Third Quarter) is a neighbourhood in western Kabul, Afghanistan, primed to become Kabul's governmental hub.	Kārte Seh	Afghanistan
country	Zintan (Arabic: الزنتان‎, Amazigh: Tigharmin, meaning ``small castles'') is one of the biggest cities in north western Libya, situated roughly 136 kilometres (85 mi) southwest of Tripoli, in the Nafusa Mountains area.	Zintan	Libya
country	Witanki (viˈtaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Witanki	Poland
country	Šurjan (Serbian Cyrillic: Шурјан) is a village in Serbia.	Šurjan	Serbia
country	Lubomyśle (lubɔˈmɨɕlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lubomyśle	Poland
country	Apellániz (Apiñaniz in Basque) is a town located in the municipality of Arraia-Maeztu, in the province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Apellániz	Spain
country	Operación Ogro (Operation Ogre) was the name given by the Basque liberation group ETA (Euskadi Ta Askatasuna) to its assassination of Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco, the Prime Minister of Spain, on 20 December 1973.	Operación Ogro	Spain
country	Chapada Diamantina (Portuguese for the ``Diamond Plateau'') is a region of Bahia state, in the Northeast of Brazil.	Chapada Diamantina	Brazil
country	Bunbury Bridge was a single-track, timber railway bridge in East Perth in Western Australia.	Bunbury Bridge	Australia
country	Sankt Willibald, officially St. Willibald, is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Sankt Willibald	Austria
country	SIA Glass is a company in Slöinge, Falkenberg Municipality, Sweden.	SIA Glass	Sweden
country	The Wairau River is one of the longest rivers in New Zealand's South Island.	Wairau River	New Zealand
country	Babahoyo (Spanish pronunciation: (baβaˈoʝo)), founded September 30, 1948, by legislative decree, is the capital of the Los Ríos province of Ecuador.	Babahoyo	Ecuador
country	Tupiza Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Tupiza, ICAO: SLTZ) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres (10 mi) northeast of Tupiza, Potosí, Bolivia.	Tupiza Airport	Bolivia
country	Sri Jaya or Kampung Sri Jaya is a small village in Pahang, Malaysia, about 63km from Kuantan.	Sri Jaya	Malaysia
country	Riverside Rowing Club Incorporated (RRC) is a non profit association located in South Australia.	Riverside Rowing Club	Australia
country	Tongkah Harbour Public Company Limited is a mining company and property developer in Thailand.	Tongkah Harbour Public Company Limited	Thailand
country	The Museo Nacional de Arte (MUNAL) (English: National Museum of Art) is the Mexican national art museum, located in the historical center of Mexico City.	Museo Nacional de Arte	Mexico
country	Porto de Sanabria (Galician: Porto de Seabra; Leonese: Porto de Senabria), also known as Porto, is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Porto de Sanabria	Spain
country	Svartöstaden is a residential area in Luleå, Sweden.	Svartöstaden	Sweden
country	Noshur-e Sofla (Persian: نشورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Noshūr-e Soflá; also known as Āsīāb Barq) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Noshur-e Sofla	Iran
country	Atmajyoti Ashram is a Hindu temple in Vadodara in Gujarat, India.	Atmajyoti Ashram	India
country	Colaba Observatory was an astronomical, timekeeping, geomagnetic and meteorological observatory located on the Island of Colaba, Mumbai (Bombay), India.	Colaba Observatory	India
country	Boké is the capital city of Boké Prefecture within the Boké Region of Lower Guinea near the border with Guinea-Bissau.	Boké	Guinea
country	Alakin (Persian: الاكين‎, also Romanized as Ālākīn) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alakin	Iran
country	The Royal Patriotic Society (Kungliga Patriotiska Sällskapet) is a Swedish royal society founded in 1772 in Stockholm, Sweden, by royal charter of King Gustav III of Sweden, with the aim of improving Sweden's economy, particularly agriculture, mining and the textile industry.	Royal Patriotic Society	Sweden
country	The Großer Muntanitz (3,232m) is the highest mountain in the Granatspitze Group, located between the Venediger Group and the Glockner Group in the High Tauern, Austria.	Großer Muntanitz	Austria
country	Club Hotel de la Ventana was a large, luxurious hotel resort, built by the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway and opened in 1911 near Villa Ventana, 17 km from the town of Sierra de La Ventana, in the southeast of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Club Hotel de la Ventana	Argentina
country	Falun Municipality (Falu kommun) is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden.	Falun Municipality	Sweden
country	Baltistan Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary covering an area of 415 square kilometres (102,549 acres; 41,500 ha) in the Baltistan region of northern Pakistan.	Baltistan Wildlife Sanctuary	Pakistan
country	Capçanes is a Catalan village in the province of Tarragona in north-eastern Spain.	Capçanes	Spain
country	The Te Aro Extension, also known as the Te Aro Branch, was a short branch line railway in Wellington, New Zealand continuing the Wairarapa Line southwards.	Te Aro Extension	New Zealand
country	Bakovci (Hungarian: Barkócz) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region in northeastern Slovenia.	Bakovci	Slovenia
country	Verenahof (aka. Büttenharter Hof or Verenahöfe) was a German exclave in Switzerland, administratively part of the German town of Wiechs am Randen (which is now part of the town of Tengen).	Verenahof	Switzerland
country	Pretoria North (Afrikaans: Pretoria-Noord) is a suburb of the city of Pretoria in Gauteng, South Africa, with a population of 12,972 people according to the 2011 census.	Pretoria North	South Africa
country	Caserta railway station (IATA: CTJ) (Italian: Stazione di Caserta) serves the city and comune of Caserta, in the region of Campania, southern Italy.	Caserta railway station	Italy
country	Mravljača (Serbian Cyrillic: Мрављача) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mravljača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hušica (pronounced (ˈxuːʃitsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hušica	Slovenia
country	The Tauranga Eastern Link (TEL) is a four lane motorway in the Bay of Plenty region in New Zealand that was officially opened on 30 July 2015 to replace a section of State Highway 2.	Tauranga Eastern Link	New Zealand
country	Norra Bankogränd (Swedish: ``Northern Bank Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Norra Bankogränd	Sweden
country	The Galenstock (3,586 m) is the fourth highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland.	Galenstock	Switzerland
country	Mount Huye is a mountain located near to the city of Butare in southern Rwanda.	Mount Huye	Rwanda
country	Pakelat (Persian: پاكلات‎, also Romanized as Pākelāt) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pakelat	Iran
country	The Rund um die Hainleite is a classic cycling race in and around the German city of Erfurt, Germany.	Rund um die Hainleite	Germany
country	Salteh (Persian: سالطه‎, also Romanized as Sālteh and Sālţeh; also known as Sāltā and Salti Bulāq) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Salteh	Iran
country	The event, rated one of Canada's best-rated obstacle events in 2013, has been hosted at Albion Hills Conservation Area since 2012, and brings in around 8,000 participants yearly.	Albion Hills Conservation Area	Canada
country	The Barbagia di Seulo is a historical subregion of central-eastern Sardinia, Italy.	Barbagia di Seulo	Italy
country	Partyzanske (Ukrainian: Партизанське; Russian: Партизанское; Crimean Tatar: Partizanskoye) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Partyzanske	Ukraine	Russia
country	Biabanak Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيابانك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Biabanak Rural District	Iran
country	Kembanur is a small village which is located in Marudur panchayat next to Coimbatore city, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kembanur	India
country	As of 2008, Glay had sold an estimated 51 million records; 28 million singles and 23 million albums, making them one of the top ten best-selling artists of all time in Japan.	Glay	Japan
country	Barya Khan (Persian: برياخان‎, also Romanized as Baryā Khān and Beryā Khān; also known as Biria Khan) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Barya Khan	Iran
country	The Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Czech: Českomoravská vrchovina or Vysočina; German: Böhmisch-Mährische Höhe) is an extensive and long range of hills and low mountains over 150 kilometres (93 mi) long, which runs in a northeasterly direction across the Czech Republic and forms the border between Bohemia and Moravia.	Bohemian-Moravian Highlands	Czech Republic
country	Hostal Palanques is a hostal located at Avinguda Sant Antoni, 16 in La Massana Parish, Andorra.	Hostal Palanques	Andorra
country	Bolshiye Kaybitsy (tat. Ola Kaybych, Olı Qaybıç) is a village in the Republic of Tartarstan in Russia.	Bolshiye Kaybitsy	Russia
country	Bagh-e Shali (Persian: باغ شلي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Shālī and Bāgh-e Sholī; also known as Bābh-e Sholī) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Shali	Iran
country	Peda Bondapalli (or Pedabondapalle) is a village/Gram panchayat in Parvathipuram mandal, Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Peda Bondapalli	India
country	The Dinosaur Beds is a geological formation in Malawi whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous.	Dinosaur Beds	Malawi
country	Meulan-en-Yvelines (formerly Meulan) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Meulan-en-Yvelines	France
country	Anamulenge is a former Catholic mission station in the Omusati Region in the north of Namibia in the Ombalantu tribal area.	Anamulenge	Namibia
country	Javorik (Cyrillic: Јаворик) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Javorik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fendalton Open Air School is a primary school in Christchurch, New Zealand known for its open-air classrooms.	Fendalton Open Air School	New Zealand
country	Qazi Qushchi (Persian: قاضي قوشچي‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Qūshchī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qazi Qushchi	Iran
country	The Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival is North America's largest documentary film festival, conference and market, held annually in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival	Canada
country	Zuidlaren (Noordenvelds: Zuudlaoren) is a village in the province of Drenthe in the Northern Netherlands.	Zuidlaren	Netherlands
country	Szőlőskislak (also Szőllőskislak, Szőlős-Kislak) is a village in Somogy County, Hungary.	Szőlőskislak	Hungary
country	The 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held in Antwerp, Belgium, from 30 September to 6 October 2013 at Antwerp's Sports Palace.	2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships	Belgium
country	Tanguyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: تنگويه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tangūyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Tankūīyeh-ye Soflá and Tangūyeh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tanguyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Duronto Express services connect the several metros and major state capitals of India.	Duronto Express	India
country	Killa Mach'ay (Quechua inka Inca, mach'ay cave, ``moon cave'', also spelled Killa Machay, Killamachay, Quillamachay) is an archaeological site with rock paintings and petroglyphs in Peru.	Killa Mach'ay	Peru
country	Slaka is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality, Östergötland County, Sweden with 592 inhabitants in 2010.	Slaka	Sweden
country	Thomas Reddall High School is a public coeducational high school in the suburb of Ambarvale, New South Wales, Australia.	Thomas Reddall High School	Australia
country	Mazraeh Emam (Persian: مزرعه امام‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh Emam) is a village in Bafran Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 851, in 255 families.	Mazraeh Emam	Iran
country	The Cloncurry River is situated in the Gulf Country of north west Queensland, Australia.	Cloncurry River	Australia
country	Jado Wahan (جادو وهان) is the Union Council of Gambat district, Khairpur mirs, Sindh, Pakistan.	Jado Wahan	Pakistan
country	The Great Britain national baseball team is the national men's baseball team of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.	Great Britain national baseball team	United Kingdom
country	Beharbari is a locality in southern part of Guwahati in India that neighbors the Lalmati and Lokhra localities.	Beharbari	India
country	Nicholas Palace (Russian: Николаевский дворец, Nikolayevsky dvorets) was one of several St Petersburg palaces designed by Andreas Stackensneider (1802-65) for the children of Nicholas I of Russia.	Nicholas Palace	Russia
country	Martuba Air Base is a Libyan Air Force (Arabic: القوات الجوية الليبية‎, Berber: Adwas Alibyan Ujnna) base in the Derna District of Libya, located approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-southeast of Derna, 268 kilometres (167 mi) east-northeast of Benghazi.	Martuba Air Base	Libya
country	Cedry (ˈt͡sɛdrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Cedry	Poland
country	Wechiau is a small town and is the capital of Wa West district, a district in the Upper West Region of north Ghana.	Wechiau	Ghana
country	Slovenski Javornik (pronounced (slɔˈʋeːnski ˈjaːʋɔɾnik)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Slovenski Javornik	Slovenia
country	Kamsack, Saskatchewan, Canada is a town, located in the Assiniboine River Valley where the Whitesand River joins the Assiniboine River.	Kamsack	Canada
country	Jarantów (jaˈrantuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jarantów	Poland
country	Høre stave church (Høre Stavkyrkje) is a stave church located at Ryfoss in Vang municipality, Valdres, Norway.	Høre stave church	Norway
country	Aquarium and Natural History Museum in Kraków (formerly the Museum of Natural Science Institute of Systematics and Evolution of Animals PAS) is public aquarium and museum at St. Sebastian 9th in Kraków, Poland.	Aquarium and Natural History Museum in Kraków	Poland
country	Lago di Scandarello is a reservoir in the Province of Rieti, Lazio, Italy.	Lago di Scandarello	Italy
country	Amreli is a city and a municipality in Amreli district of the Saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat, India.	Amreli	India
country	The Palmerston Forts are a group of forts and associated structures built during the Victorian period on the recommendations of the 1860 Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom.	Palmerston Forts	United Kingdom
country	The Canton of Aix-en-Provence-Sud-Ouest is a former canton located including part of the commune of Aix-en-Provence in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France.	Canton of Aix-en-Provence-Sud-Ouest	France
country	Sulukule (literally: ``Water tower'') is a historic settlement in the Fatih district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Sulukule	Turkey
country	Čevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Чево), historically also known as Kčevo (Кчево), is a village in the Cetinje Municipality, in central Montenegro.	Čevo	Montenegro
country	Huldange (Luxembourgish: Huldang, German: Huldingen) is a small town in the commune of Troisvierges, in far northern Luxembourg.	Huldange	Luxembourg
country	Samburu County is a county in the former Rift Valley Province, Kenya.	Samburu County	Kenya
country	Dinguiraye is a small town in northern Guinea, known for its large mosque which until recently was thatched.	Dinguiraye	Guinea
country	Mount Tigalalu at the western side of Halmahera island, Indonesia, is a stratovolcano located at the western end of Kayoa Island.	Mount Tigalalu	Indonesia
country	Khanbumbat Airport (Mongolian: Ханбумбат нисэх буудал, also Oyu Tolgoi Airport) is an airport in Khanbogd, Ömnögovi, Mongolia.	Khanbumbat Airport	Mongolia
country	Bagan Lalang is a coastal beach in the Sepang district in the state of Selangor in Malaysia.	Bagan Lalang	Malaysia
country	Van Stadens Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the national road N2, between Port Elizabeth and Humansdorp.	Van Stadens Pass	South Africa
country	Łęg Przedmiejski (ˈwɛnk pʂɛdˈmjɛi̯ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łęg Przedmiejski	Poland
country	Ferrocarril de Langreo or FC de Langreo was a Spanish railway company which operated a 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) line, in the Autonomous Community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Ferrocarril de Langreo	Spain
country	Ceredigion is one of only two places in the United Kingdom with a permanent summer residence of bottlenose dolphins.	Ceredigion	United Kingdom
country	Ta Keo (Khmer: ប្រាសាទតាកែវ) is a temple-mountain, in Angkor (Cambodia), possibly the first to be built entirely of sandstone by Khmers.	Ta Keo	Cambodia
country	Middenmeer Aerodrome (Dutch: Vliegveld Middenmeer) is a small airfield in the town of Middenmeer, Netherlands.	Middenmeer Aerodrome	Netherlands
country	It is the administrative centre of Spittal an der Drau District, Austria's second largest district (Bezirk) by area.	Spittal an der Drau	Austria
country	The Couvent des Minimes de Grenoble (English: Minim Monastery of Grenoble) is a former monastery constructed about 1644 by the Minim friars, a semi-contemplative mendicant order, which is located on the Rue du Vieux Temple in Grenoble, France.	Couvent des Minimes de Grenoble	France
country	Shibis District (Somali: Degmada Shibis) is a district of the southeastern Banaadir region of Somalia.	Shibis District	Somalia
country	Schule Birklehof is a prestigious independent boarding school located in Hinterzarten in the High Black Forest region of southwestern Germany, approximately 25 km from Freiburg.	Schule Birklehof	Germany
country	Albanian Alternative (Montenegrin: Albanska Alternativa, Albanian: Alternativa Shqiptare) is a political party in Montenegro.	Albanian Alternative	Montenegro
country	Lisabad (Persian: ليس اباد‎, also Romanized as Līsābād) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Lisabad	Iran
country	Krasnodar (Russian: Краснода́р; IPA: (krəsnɐˈdar)) is a city and the administrative center of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Kuban River, approximately 148 kilometers (92 mi) northeast of the Black Sea port of Novorossiysk.	Krasnodar	Russia
country	Southland District is a territorial authority in the South Island of New Zealand.	Southland District	New Zealand
country	The Picos de Europa National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional de Picos de Europa) is a National Park in the Picos de Europa mountain range, in northern Spain.	Picos de Europa National Park	Spain
country	The Corn Islands (Spanish: Las Islas del Maíz) are two islands about 70 kilometres (43 mi) east of the Caribbean coast of Nicaragua, constituting one of 12 municipalities of the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region.	Corn Islands	Nicaragua
country	PNTC Colleges, formerly known as Philippine Nautical and Technological College, is a private, non-sectarian Higher Education Institution (HEI) and an accredited Maritime Training Education (MET) provider in the Philippines.	PNTC Colleges	Philippines
country	Yakimovo (Bulgarian: Якимово; pronounced (jakimuvu); also transliterated Jakimovo or Iakimovo) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Montana Province.	Yakimovo	Bulgaria
country	Paso del Molino (Mill's Crossing) is a barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo, capital of Uruguay.	Paso del Molino	Uruguay
country	Sâmbăta de Sus Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Sâmbăta de Sus) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Sâmbăta de Sus, Brașov County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.	Sâmbăta de Sus Monastery	Romania
country	Bad Oeynhausen (German pronunciation: (ˈbat ˈøːnhaʊzn̩)) (Low German: Bad Öinusen) is a spa town on the southern edge of the Wiehengebirge in the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the East-Westphalia-Lippe region of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bad Oeynhausen	Germany
country	The Westerlichttoren or West Schouwen is a lighthouse in Haamstede, Netherlands.	Westerlichttoren	Netherlands
country	Theletra (Greek: Θελέτρα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km east of Kathikas.	Theletra	Cyprus
country	North Sydney Boys High School is an academically selective, public high school for boys, located at Crows Nest in Sydney, Australia.	North Sydney Boys High School	Australia
country	Bjørøya is an island in the Folda sea, just south of the Namsenfjorden in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bjørøya	Norway
country	Hotel de l'Europe is a five-star hotel located on the Amstel river in the centre of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Hotel de l'Europe	Netherlands
country	Gavdel (Persian: گاودل‎, also Romanized as Gāvdel; also known as Gāvdūl) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gavdel	Iran
country	Batticaloa Gate is monument, which was used as port to connect Puliyanthivu (island) with the mainland of Batticaloa, Sri Lanka.	Batticaloa Gate	Sri Lanka
country	The Chaîne des Puys is a north-south oriented chain of cinder cones, lava domes, and maars in the Massif Central of France.	Chaîne des Puys	France
country	Romtha, Ramtha, Ramoth, Ar Ramtha, Al Romtha, Ermeith, Ramath, Ramtha'a are all names for the same region, a flat location 30 km north-east of Jordan River.	Romtha	Jordan
country	Boshruy (Persian: بشروي‎, also Romanized as Boshrūy) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Boshruy	Iran
country	Bid Qatar-e Bon Rud (Persian: بيدقطاربن رود‎, also Romanized as Bīd Qaţār-e Bon Rūd; also known as Bīdqaţār) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Qatar-e Bon Rud	Iran
country	Plzeň Zoo, (Zoologická a botanická zahrada města Plzně) is a Czech zoo, located in Plzeň in Czech Republic.	Plzeň Zoo	Czech Republic
country	Qareh Khan-e Sofla (Persian: قره خان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qareh Khān-e Soflá; also known as Qareh Khān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qareh Khan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Yashilkul is a freshwater lake in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province, in southeast Tajikistan, about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of the provincial capital of Khorugh.	Yashilkul	Tajikistan
country	Hajjiabad-e Kark (Persian: حاجي ابادكرك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Kark; also known as Ḩājīābād, Haji Abad Olya, and Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Giyan Rural District, Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Kark	Iran
country	Hutatma Chowk (Marathi: हुतात्मा चौक) (``Martyrs' Square'') is the official name of a square in South Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Hutatma Chowk	India
country	Hueicolla is a beach and hamlet (Spanish: caserío) at the sparsely populated coast of La Unión commune, southern Chile.	Hueicolla	Chile
country	Kumai is a port in Central Kalimantan province in Indonesia, on the island of Borneo.	Kumai	Indonesia
country	Banco Macro is the second largest domestically-owned private bank in Argentina, and the sixth-largest by deposits and lending.	Banco Macro	Argentina
country	Recice (rɛˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Recice	Poland
country	Punta Caucedo is a small cape located in the south coast of the Dominican Republic, 15 miles (24 km) east from Santo Domingo.	Punta Caucedo	Dominican Republic
country	Motukawanui Island is an island in the Bay of Islands of New Zealand, and is located approximately four kilometres northeast from Matauri Bay.	Motukawanui Island	New Zealand
country	Basket-Hall Krasnodar, or Baskethall-Krasnodar, (Russian: Баскет-Холл Краснодар) is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in Krasnodar, Russia.	Basket-Hall Krasnodar	Russia
country	Dolenji Suhor pri Vinici (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi); German: Untersuchor) is a settlement halfway between Dragatuš and Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Suhor pri Vinici	Slovenia
country	Jimena de la Frontera is a historic town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz, Spain.	Jimena de la Frontera	Spain
country	Pointe-Noire Bay (French: Baie de Pointe-Noire) is a small bay in the Republic of the Congo, at 4.7433333°S 11.8252778°E. The city of Pointe-Noire lies at the end of the bay.	Pointe-Noire Bay	Republic of the Congo
country	Shpaky (Ukrainian: Шпаки) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Shpaky	Ukraine
country	The Quirimbas Islands lie in the Indian Ocean off northeastern Mozambique, close to Pemba, the capital of the province of Cabo Delgado.	Quirimbas Islands	Mozambique
country	Niżatyce (ɲiʐaˈtɨt͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Нижатичі, Nyzhatychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Niżatyce	Poland
country	The Hunt River greenstone belt, also called the Hunt River volcanic belt, is a northeast trending Mesoarchean greenstone belt in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, located along the coast of Labrador about 25 km (16 mi) west of the town of Hopedale.	Hunt River greenstone belt	Canada
country	Sherbro International Airport (IATA: BTE, ICAO: GFBN) was an international airport located outside the town of Bonthe on Sherbro Island, Sierra Leone.	Sherbro International Airport	Sierra Leone
country	Zülpich is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany between Aachen and Bonn.	Zülpich	Germany
country	Rambwe is a village in the Commune of Mpanda in Bubanza Province in north western Burundi.	Rambwe	Burundi
country	Klarynowo (klarɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Klarynowo	Poland
country	The Runestones of Högby are runestones located in the village of Högby in Östergötland, Sweden, but the name Högby runestone (Swedish: Högbystenen) usually refers to the notable Ög 81.	Runestones of Högby	Sweden
country	The Faran Valley (Wadi Faran) (Arabic: وادي فاران) is a valley in central Saudi Arabia.	Wadi Faran	Saudi Arabia
country	Grinnell Peninsula is a peninsula in northwestern Devon Island in Nunavut, Canada.	Grinnell Peninsula	Canada
country	Museo Naval de San Fernando is a naval museum located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Museo Naval de San Fernando	Spain
country	The first postwar Poland's Wedding to the Sea was performed in Mrzeżyno on 17 March 1945, as Regamünde became part of Poland, according to the Potsdam Conference which ceded most of the German province of Pomerania to the People's Republic of Poland.	Mrzeżyno	Poland
country	Sabz Gaz-e Sofla (Persian: سبزگزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sabz Gaz-e Soflá; also known as Sabz Gaz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sabz Gaz-e Sofla	Iran
country	Sospel Cathedral (Cocathédrale Saint-Michel de Sospel) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral in the town of Sospel, France.	Sospel Cathedral	France
country	The Szigetköz (German: Kleine Schüttinsel or Little Schütt Island, Slovak: Malý Žitný ostrov or Little Rye Island) is an island plain in Western Hungary, part of the Little Hungarian Plain.	Szigetköz	Hungary
country	Nowe Osipy (ˈnɔvɛ ɔˈɕipɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Osipy	Poland
country	Soniachna Dolyna (Ukrainian: Сонячна Долина; Russian: Солнечная Долина; literally, Sunny Valley) is a village in the Sudak Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Soniachna Dolyna	Ukraine	Russia
country	The Brebu Monastery in Romania is one of the most important architectural achievements of the rule of Matei Basarab and of Romanian art in the 17th century.	Brebu Monastery	Romania
country	Havashanq (Persian: هواشانق‎, also Romanized as Havāshānq; also known as Abashan and Āvāshānaq) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Havashanq	Iran
country	Woerden railway station (Dutch: Station Woerden) is the railway station of Woerden, the Netherlands.	Woerden railway station	Netherlands
country	Bourbon Dolphin was an anchor handling tug supply vessel (AHTS) of Bourbon Offshore Norway.	Bourbon Dolphin	Norway
country	Gusinje (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Гусиње, Serbian pronunciation: (ɡǔsiɲe), Albanian: Gucia) is a small town and municipality in eastern Montenegro.	Gusinje	Montenegro
country	The Bay of Kompong Som is a southern bay of Cambodia.	Bay of Kompong Som	Cambodia
country	Bala Mahalleh-ye Barka Deh (Persian: بالامحله بركاده‎, also Romanized as Bālā Maḩalleh-ye Barkā Deh; also known as Barkādeh and Bozkāh Deh) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Mahalleh-ye Barka Deh	Iran
country	Coutevroult is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region ini north-central France.	Coutevroult	France
country	Castel de Cabra is a municipality in Cuencas Mineras, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Castel de Cabra	Spain
country	Bhawani Chali or Bhawani Challi (Urdu: بھوانی چلی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of S.I.T.E. Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Bhawani Chali	Pakistan
country	Golbo (Kyrgyz: Голбо) is a small village located in Leilek District of Batken Region, Kyrgyzstan.	Golbo	Kyrgyzstan
country	Ballsbridge or Ball's Bridge (Irish: Droichead na Dothra, meaning ``Dodder bridge'') is a bridge in Dublin, Ireland.	Ballsbridge	Ireland
country	Long Sukang (also known as Sukang) is a Lun Bawang settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Sukang	Malaysia
country	Ch'uwañuma (Aymara ch'uwaña oozing of water and other liquids / melting of metals and other things, uma water, ``oozing water'', hispanicized spelling Chuañuma) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Ch'uwañuma	Peru
country	Marmilla is a natural region of southern-central Sardinia, Italy.	Marmilla	Italy
country	Vrelo Bosne (pronounced (ʋrê.lo bôs.neː); English: spring of the Bosna river) is a public park, featuring a spring of the River Bosna, at the foothills of the Mount Igman on the outskirts of Sarajevo, capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrelo Bosne	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Clarke Stadium, is a multipurpose facility located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Clarke Stadium	Canada
country	Neve Yam (Hebrew: נְוֵה יָם, lit. Sea Home) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Neve Yam	Israel
country	Gloucestershire Parkway railway station is a proposed railway station to be located just outside Gloucester on the A40 road at Elmbridge Court, England, United Kingdom.	Gloucestershire Parkway railway station	United Kingdom
country	Annasaheb Dange College of Engineering & Technology (ADCET) is an engineering education institute in the city of Ashta, Maharashtra about 20 km from Sangli city India.	Annasaheb Dange College of Engineering & Technology	India
country	Santa Maria della Mercede a Montecalvario (known also as the church of Montecalvario) is a church located on largo Montecalvario in Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Mercede a Montecalvario	Italy
country	Radziądz (ˈrad͡ʑɔnt͡s) (German: Radungen; until 1936: Radziuns) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radziądz	Poland
country	The Coalition Avenir Québec (CAQ; pronounced: (kɔ.a.li.sjɔ̃ av.niʁ ke.bɛk), ``Coalition for Quebec's Future''), is a centre-right provincial political party in Quebec, Canada.	Coalition Avenir Québec	Canada
country	Islay LIMPET is the world's first commercial wave power device connected to the United Kingdom's National Grid.	Islay LIMPET	United Kingdom
country	The Dyke Ditch (German: Dammgraben) is the longest artificial ditch in the Upper Harz in central Germany.	Dyke Ditch	Germany
country	Mazraeh-ye Askar Sheybani (Persian: مزرعه عسكرشيباني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ``Askar Sheybānī) is a village in Kamin Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Askar Sheybani	Iran
country	Tal-e Reis (Persian: تل رئيس‎, also Romanized as Tal-e Re’īs, Tol Ra’īs, and Tol-e Ra’īs; also known as Tolombeh-ye Ra’īsī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tal-e Reis	Iran
country	Poondi estate is a permanently settled zamindari estate in the Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Poondi estate	India
country	Lodhi Road (Hindi: लोधी मार्ग, Urdu: لودھی مارگ) in New Delhi, India, is named after the Lodhi Gardens located on it.	Lodhi Road	India
country	Piveh Zhan (Persian: پيوه ژن‎, also Romanized as Pīveh Zhan; also known as Bivāzhān) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Piveh Zhan	Iran
country	Samita (saˈmita) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Samita	Poland
country	Oestinghausen is a village in the municipality of Lippetal in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with a population of 1.944 (as of 30 June 2012).	Oestinghausen	Germany
country	Plaisance-du-Sud (Haitian Creole: Plezans disid) is a commune in the Anse-à-Veau Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.	Plaisance-du-Sud	Haiti
country	Ålesund Airport, Sørneset (Norwegian: Ålesund sjøflyplass, Sørneset) was a water aerodrome and later heliport situated at Nørvevika and later Sørneset in Ålesund, Norway.	Ålesund Airport, Sørneset	Norway
country	Purvis Bay is located in the Florida Islands, which are part of the Solomon Islands.	Purvis Bay	Solomon Islands
country	Fishtë is a settlement in the former Blinisht municipality, in Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Fishtë	Albania
country	Fay-e Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: فاي سيدمحمد‎, also Romanized as Fāy-e Seyyed Moḩammad and Fāy Seyyed Moḩammed; also known as Fāy) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Fay-e Seyyed Mohammad	Iran
country	Warlubie (varˈlubjɛ) (German: Warlubien) is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Warlubie	Poland
country	El Conde is an archeological site located at Ozumba Street, El Conde, three block north the Mayo 1 Ave., in the municipality of Naucalpan, Mexico State.	El Conde	Mexico
country	Colac Bay/Oraka is a small township situated on the bay of the same name, and located on the Southern Scenic Route, 10 minutes from Riverton, New Zealand.	Colac Bay	New Zealand
country	Kalashi-ye Abdol Qader (Persian: كلاشي عبدالقادر‎, also Romanized as Kalāshī-ye ʿAbdol Qāder; also known as Kalāshī) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalashi-ye Abdol Qader	Iran
country	Mary International Airport is the third largest international airport in Turkmenistan.	Mary International Airport	Turkmenistan
country	Tang Gewog is a gewog (village block) of Bumthang District, Bhutan.	Tang Gewog	Bhutan
country	Chuncheon Civic Stadium (Korean: 춘천공설운동장) is a multi-purpose stadium located in Chuncheon, Gangwon-do, South Korea.	Chuncheon Civic Stadium	South Korea
country	Omplos (Greek: Ομπλός) is a mountain in Achaea, Greece.	Omplos	Greece
country	Tronstad is a small village south of Sylling in Lier municipality, Norway.	Tronstad	Norway
country	Podsmreka Castle (Slovene: grad Podsmreka, German: Burg Smreck) is a 16th-century mansion located in the settlement of Podsmreka pri Višnji Gori, in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica, southeastern Slovenia.	Podsmreka Castle	Slovenia
country	CRT Group is an intermodal transport company in Australia.	CRT Group	Australia
country	Czortowice (t͡ʂɔrtɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Czortowice	Poland
country	Shesh Narm (Persian: شش نرم‎) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shesh Narm	Iran
country	The Gualeguay River (Spanish Río Gualeguay) is one of the major rivers of the Mesopotamic province of Entre Ríos, Argentina.	Gualeguay River	Argentina
country	The David Collection (Danish: Davids Samling) is a museum of fine and applied art in Copenhagen, Denmark, built around the private collections of lawyer, businessman and art collector C. L. David.	The David Collection	Denmark
country	Dinavar Rural District (Persian: دهستان دينور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dinavar Rural District	Iran
country	Choqapur Aliabad (Persian: چقاپورعالي اباد‎, also Romanized as Choqāpūr ʿĀlīābād) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District, Central District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Choqapur Aliabad	Iran
country	Thine Eyes Bleed is a melodic death metal band from London, Ontario and Canada.	Thine Eyes Bleed	Canada
country	Alamut Geographic Region (Persian: الموت‎‎; Alamūt) is a region in Iran including western and eastern parts in the western edge of the Alborz (Elburz) range, between the dry and barren plain of Qazvin in the south and the densely forested slopes of the Mazandaran province in the north.	Alamut	Iran
country	Zazul (Persian: ززول‎, also Romanized as Zazūl) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zazul	Iran
country	Strumyani (Bulgarian: Струмяни, pronounced (struˈmʲani); also transliterated Strumjani or Strumiani) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Blagoevgrad Province.	Strumyani	Bulgaria
country	Tročany (Hungarian Trocsány) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Tročany	Slovakia
country	Banatski Monoštor (Serbian Cyrillic: Банатски Моноштор; Hungarian: Kanizsamonostor) is a village in Serbia.	Banatski Monoštor	Serbia
country	The waterfall Háifoss (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈhaːu.ɪˌfɔsː)) is situated near the volcano Hekla in the south of Iceland.	Háifoss	Iceland
country	The EME Temple or ``Dakshinamurty Temple'' is a Shiva Temple run by Indian Army Authorities in the city of Vadodara in the state of Gujarat, western India.	EME Temple	India
country	De Negen Straatjes (Dutch for ``the nine little streets'') is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Negen Straatjes	Netherlands
country	Rågeleje is a former fishing village and popular tourist resort on the north coast of Zealand, midway between Gilleleje and Tisvildeleje, some 50 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rågeleje	Denmark
country	Penmarth is a hamlet in Cornwall, United Kingdom, about 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Penryn and about 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Redruth.	Penmarth	United Kingdom
country	Burlington City Council is the city council responsible for the city of Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	Burlington City Council	Canada
country	Riga Porcelain Museum is a ceramics museum in Riga, Latvia.	Riga Porcelain Museum	Latvia
country	Visalpur is a Village in Daskroi Taluka in Ahmedabad District of Gujarat State, India.	Visalpur	India
country	Dulichium, Dolicha, or Doliche (Ancient Greek: Δουλίχιον Doulichion) was a place noted by numerous ancient writers that was either a city on, or an island off, the Ionian Sea coast of Acarnania, Greece.	Dulichium	Greece
country	Rychliki (rɨˈxliki) (German Reichenbach) is a village in Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rychliki	Poland
country	Letuš (pronounced (lɛˈtuːʃ)) is a village in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia.	Letuš	Slovenia
country	Blace (Serbian Cyrillic: Блаце, pronounced (blâtsɛ)) is a town and municipality located in the Toplica District of Serbia.	Blace	Serbia
country	Victoria Bay (Afrikaans: Victoriabaai) is a small cove in the Western Cape, South Africa.	Victoria Bay	South Africa
country	Łarpia is an eastern branch of Oder in the town of Police, Poland.	Łarpia	Poland
country	Ćmiłów (ˈt͡ɕmiwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głusk, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ćmiłów	Poland
country	Oshtorjin (Persian: اشترجين‎, also Romanized as Oshtorjīn; also known as Ostorjīn) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Oshtorjin	Iran
country	Arasvikfjord or Arasvikfjorden (English: Arasvik Fjord) is a fjord in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Arasvikfjord	Norway
country	Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport (IATA: TPE, ICAO: RCTP) is an international airport serving the capital city of Taipei, Taiwan, and the northern parts of the island.	Taoyuan International Airport	Taiwan
country	The Col de Macuègne (1,068 m (3,504 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Dauphiné Prealps, on the northern slopes of Mont Ventoux between Montbrun-les-Bains and Séderon in the Drôme department of France.	Col de Macuègne	France
country	Vitudurum (sometimes Vitodorum) is the name of a Roman Vicus, those remains are located in Oberwinterthur, a locality of the municipality of Winterthur in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Vitudurum	Switzerland
country	Nerkin Bazmaberd (Armenian: Ներքին Բազմաբերդ, also Romanized as Nerqin Bazmaberd; formerly, Agdzhakala, Aghjaghala, Nerkin Agdzhakala, and Nizhnyaya Agdzhakala) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Nerkin Bazmaberd	Armenia
country	Jubilee Synagogue (Czech: Jubilejní synagoga), also known as the Jerusalem Synagogue, is a synagogue in Prague, Czech Republic.	Jubilee Synagogue	Czech Republic
country	Häädemeeste (German: Gudmannsbach) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Pärnu County, southwestern Estonia.	Häädemeeste	Estonia
country	Kalateh-ye Mirabbas (Persian: كلاته ميرعباس‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mīrʿabbās) is a village in Joghatai Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Mirabbas	Iran
country	Terish (Persian: تريش‎, also Romanized as Terīsh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Terish	Iran
country	Arachovitika (Greek: Αραχωβίτικα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Rio in the northern part of Achaea, Greece.	Arachovitika	Greece
country	Nesa-e Olya (Persian: نساعليا‎, also Romanized as Nesā''-e ``Olyā; also known as Nesā''-e Bālā and Nesā'') is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Nesa-e Olya	Iran
country	Montreux railway station (French: Gare de Montreux) is the largest of the railway stations serving the municipality of Montreux, in the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Montreux railway station	Switzerland
country	Dogor Gunt, also written Digargand, is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Dogor Gunt	Afghanistan
country	Khushal Sar is a lake in highly deteriorated condition, located in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Khushal Sar	India
country	Blodnik (pronounced (ˈbloːdnik)) is a small dispersed settlement east of Trojane in central Slovenia.	Blodnik	Slovenia
country	Kaukab Abu al-Hija (Arabic: كوكب أبو الهيجا‎; Hebrew: כַּוּכַּבּ אַבּוּ אל-הִיגַ'א), often simply Kaukab, (meaning ``star'' in Arabic), is an Arab Muslim village and local council in the North District of Israel, in the Lower Galilee.	Kaukab Abu al-Hija	Israel
country	The Vazhinka River (Russian: Важинка) is a river in Prionezhsky and Pryazhinsky Districts of the Republic of Karelia and in Podporozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, a right tributary of the Svir.	Vazhinka River	Russia
country	Mount Gamkonora is a stratovolcano on Halmahera island, Indonesia.	Mount Gamkonora	Indonesia
country	Tirthapati Institution (Bengali: তীর্থপতি ইনস্টিটিউশন ) is a Bengali-medium Higher Secondary (10+2) school located in Rash Behari Avenue, Gariahat, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Tirthapati Institution	India
country	Aireys Inlet is a small coastal inlet and town located on the Great Ocean Road, southwest of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Aireys Inlet	Australia
country	Smoky Cape (30°54′S 153°06′E) is a headland in Australia on the New South Wales Mid-North Coast.	Smoky Cape	Australia
country	The Roman mausoleum of Córdoba is an ancient structure in the Jardines de la Victoria, Córdoba, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Roman mausoleum of Córdoba	Spain
country	Guayllabamba (Kichwa Wayllapampa, green plain) is a small agricultural town (administratively, a rural parish of the canton of Quito) located 29 kilometers northeast of the city of Quito in northern Ecuador.	Guayllabamba	Ecuador
country	Seokgatap (Sakyamuni Pagoda) is a stone pagoda in South Korea designated as the 21st National Treasure on December 12, 1962.	Seokgatap	South Korea
country	Bampur (Persian: بمپور‎, also Romanized as Bampūr and Bampoor) is a city in and capital of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bampur	Iran
country	Saari (literally Island) is a former municipality of Finland.	Saari	Finland
country	Wola Kalinowska (ˈvɔla kaliˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułoszowa, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Kalinowska	Poland
country	The Barren Grounds Bird Observatory was a bird observatory situated in the Barren Grounds Nature Reserve on the escarpment of the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia.	Barren Grounds Bird Observatory	Australia
country	Duruelo de la Sierra is a municipality of Spain, in the province of Soria, Autonomous Community of Castile and León (Spanish Comunidad Autónoma de Castilla y León)	Duruelo de la Sierra	Spain
country	Mičije (Serbian: Мичије) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mičije	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Golshekanan (Persian: گلشكنان‎, also Romanized as Golshekanān and Gol Ashkanān) is a village in Sofla Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Golshekanan	Iran
country	Tullaberga Island is a small, uninhabited island off the coast of Victoria, Australia, near the town of Mallacoota.	Tullaberga Island	Australia
country	Jovem Pan is the main Brazilian radio station based in São Paulo, Brazil, leading the largest Latin America radio stations network, Jovem Pan Sat. The network has several bureaus, 142 affiliated stations all over Brazil.	Jovem Pan	Brazil
country	Ølfjellet (Lule Sami: Uvbágájsse) is the highest mountain in the Saltfjellet mountain range in Nordland county, Norway.	Ølfjellet	Norway
country	The Cascade is the University of the Fraser Valley's student-run paper, with offices located on the university's campus in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada.	The Cascade	Canada
country	Spodnji Dolič (German: Unterdollitsch) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Vitanje in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnji Dolič	Slovenia
country	Sallybrook (Irish: Gleann Sailí, meaning ``valley of the willows'') is a small village on the outskirts of Cork City, Ireland.	Sallybrook	Ireland
country	West Vancouver Field Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that was established in 1972.	West Vancouver Field Hockey Club	Canada
country	Sheraton Buenos Aires Hotel & Convention Center (originally Hostal Santa María de los Buenos Aires) is a five-star hotel located in the District of Retiro, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Sheraton Buenos Aires Hotel & Convention Center	Argentina
country	Giffers (French: Chevrilles) is a municipality in the district of Sense in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Giffers	Switzerland
country	Müngsten Bridge is the highest railroad bridge in Germany.	Müngsten Bridge	Germany
country	Buljarica (pronounced (buʎǎrit͡sa)) is a village in the Budva Municipality of western Montenegro.	Buljarica	Montenegro
country	Abadía del Niño Dios, Victoria, Entre Ríos Province, Argentina, is a Benedictine monastery of the Cono-Sur Congregation.	Abadía del Niño Dios	Argentina
country	Labuan Airport (IATA: LBU, ICAO: WBKL) is an airport that serves the federal territory of Labuan in Malaysia.	Labuan Airport	Malaysia
country	Tanjung Aru is a sub-district of Kota Kinabalu in Sabah, of Malaysia.	Tanjung Aru	Malaysia
country	The Transfăgărășan (trans (over, across) + Făgăraș) or DN7C, also known as Ceaușescu's Folly, is a paved mountain road crossing the southern section of the Carpathian Mountains of Romania.	Transfăgărășan	Romania
country	Palenque (Spanish pronunciation: (pa'leŋke); Yucatec Maya: Bàakʼ /ɓàːkʼ/), also anciently known as Lakamha (literally: ``Big Water''), was a Maya city state in southern Mexico that flourished in the 7th century.	Palenque	Mexico
country	Battagram (Urdu: بٹگرام‎) is the capital city of Battagram District in Khyber Pukhtoonkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Battagram	Pakistan
country	Omiš (pronounced (ɔ̌miːʃ), Latin and Italian: Almissa) is a town and port in the Dalmatia region of Croatia, and is a municipality in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Omiš	Croatia
country	Kuczkowo (kut͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kuczkowo	Poland
country	Goreangab Dam is a dam in the north-western suburbs of Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.	Goreangab Dam	Namibia
country	Vrhtrebnje (pronounced (ʋəɾxˈtɾeːbnjɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Vrhtrebnje	Slovenia
country	Babiči (pronounced (ˈbaːbitʃi); Italian: Babici di Maresego) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Babiči	Slovenia
country	Par Eshkaft (Persian: پراشكفت‎, also Romanized as Perāshkaft and Per Eshkaft; also known as Per Eshkafī) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Par Eshkaft	Iran
country	Edmundston Airport (ICAO: CYES) is located 9 nautical miles (17 km; 10 mi) northwest of Edmundston, New Brunswick, Canada along the east bank of the Madawaska River.	Edmundston Airport	Canada
country	Gabrje pri Jančah (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɾi ˈjaːntʃax); in older sources also Gabrije) is a settlement in the hills east of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Gabrje pri Jančah	Slovenia
country	Lake Kari (Lake Qari, Armenian: Քարի լիճ) is a lake in Armenia located in the slopes of Mount Aragats mostly formed by ice and snow.	Lake Kari	Armenia
country	Kapljuh (Cyrillic: Капљух) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kapljuh	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abdan Rural District (Persian: دهستان آبدان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Abdan Rural District	Iran
country	Vřesová (German: Doglasgrün) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Vřesová	Czech Republic
country	Pietermaritzburg Airport (IATA: PZB, ICAO: FAPM) is an airport, formally known as ORIBI Airport, in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Pietermaritzburg Airport	South Africa
country	The Bili-Bili Dam is located in Gowa Regency, South Sulawesi, Indonesia, on the Jeneberang River, about 30 km from the city of Makassar.	Bili-Bili Dam	Indonesia
country	Neapoli Voion or Neapolis Voion (Greek: Νεάπολη Βοιών) also named Vatika (Greek: Βάτικα) is a small town in Laconia regional unit, southern Greece.	Neapoli Voion	Greece
country	The St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Malayattoor is one of the most prominent Christian pilgrim centers in the Ernakulam district of Kerala, India.	St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Catholic Church	India
country	The S4C Authority (Welsh: Awdurdod S4C) is an independent public body appointed by the United Kingdom Government's Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to oversee the management of the Welsh-language television channel S4C and to regulate the quality of the channel's output.	S4C Authority	United Kingdom
country	Master's College of Theology (MCT) is an ecumenical theological seminary located in Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Master's College of Theology	India
country	The Janeway Children's Health and Rehabilitation Centre is a children's hospital located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Janeway Children's Health and Rehabilitation Centre	Canada
country	Kampong Preah (Khmer: ឃុំកំពង់ព្រះ) is a khum (commune) of Sangkae District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Kampong Preah	Cambodia
country	The Cave of Bacinete (Spanish: Cueva de Bacinete) is a cave located in Los Alcornocales Natural Park, Los Barrios, Spain.	Cave of Bacinete	Spain
country	Songevatnet is a lake in Vinje municipality in Telemark county, Norway.	Songevatnet	Norway
country	Campdevànol (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌkamdəˈβanuɫ)) is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Campdevànol	Spain
country	Rakkestad Airport, Åstorp (Norwegian: Rakkestad flyplass, Åstorp; ICAO: ENRK) is a private general aviation airport located at Åstorp in Rakkestad, Norway.	Rakkestad Airport, Åstorp	Norway
country	The Nevado El Cisne (English: The Swan) is a mountain in the Central Cordillera of the Andes in Colombia.	Nevado El Cisne	Colombia
country	The Cabin Chiang Mai is a drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility located in Chiang Mai, Thailand.	The Cabin Chiang Mai	Thailand
country	Trawy (ˈtravɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trawy	Poland
country	El Tortuguero (Spanish pronunciation: (el torˈtuɣeɾo)) is a municipality in the South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua.	El Tortuguero	Nicaragua
country	Sharp Airlines is a regional airline headquartered in Hamilton, Victoria, Australia and operating in the southern states of Australia.	Sharp Airlines	Australia
country	Heimari Dalur is a valley in the Faroe Islands, which lies between the town of Fuglafjørður and the village of Kambsdalur.	Heimari Dalur	Faroe Islands
country	Kukówko (kuˈkufkɔ) (German: Kukowken, 1938-45 Heinrichstal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kukówko	Poland
country	Daporijo Airport (IATA: DEP, ICAO: VEDZ) is located at Daporijo in the state of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Daporijo Airport	India
country	Chah-e Mian Dar (Persian: چاه مياندر‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīān Dar) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mian Dar	Iran
country	Foxglove Oval is a park mostly commonly used for sporting events located on Foxglove Road in Mount Colah, Sydney, NSW, Australia.	Foxglove Oval	Australia
country	902 TV was a television station in Greece that was supported by the KKE, the Communist Party of Greece.	902 TV	Greece
country	Varkaus Airport (IATA: VRK, ICAO: EFVR) is an airport in Joroinen, Finland, about 16 kilometres (10 mi) south of Varkaus.	Varkaus Airport	Finland
country	Akoboissué (also spelled Akabovvosué) is a town in eastern Ivory Coast.	Akoboissué	Ivory Coast
country	Bajura Airport (IATA: BJU, ICAO: VNBR) is an airport serving Bajura, a district in the Seti Zone in Nepal.	Bajura Airport	Nepal
country	Żytna (ˈʐɨtna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lyski, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Żytna	Poland
country	Nordmarka is the mostly forested region which makes up the northern part of Oslo, Norway.	Nordmarka	Norway
country	Tulce (ˈtult͡sɛ) (German: Brenkhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tulce	Poland
country	Uzovské Pekľany is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Regionof north-eastern Slovakia.	Uzovské Pekľany	Slovakia
country	The Hardt Railway (German: Hardtbahn) is a railway line in the Karlsruhe region of Germany.	Hardt Railway	Germany
country	San Pedro prison or El penal de San Pedro (Saint Peter's Prison) is the largest prison in La Paz, Bolivia renowned for being a society within itself.	San Pedro prison	Bolivia
country	Zaryar (also, Zar’yar) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zaryar	Azerbaijan
country	Lag Badana National Park (Bushbush National Park) is a national park of Somalia.	Lag Badana National Park	Somalia
country	Blue Quills First Nation Indian Reserve is a First Nations Indian reserve in Alberta, Canada, located 16 km northwest of the town of Mayerthorpe.	Blue Quills First Nation Indian Reserve	Canada
country	Husa is a village in the Ølve district of Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Husa	Norway
country	Dowlatabad-e Ansari (Persian: دولت ابادانصاري‎, also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Anşārī; also known as Dowlatābād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowlatabad-e Ansari	Iran
country	Retortillo Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Córdoba, Andalusia, Spain.	Retortillo Reservoir	Spain
country	Qarpuzabad (Persian: قارپوزاباد‎, also Romanized as Qārpūzābād, Ghārpūzābād, and Qārpozābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Qarpuzabad	Iran
country	Wefelpütt is a small village in Germany with only 63 inhabitants.	Wefelpütt	Germany
country	Kankan (Maninka: Kánkàn) is the largest city in Guinea in land area, and the third largest in population, with a population of 193,830 people as of 2014.	Kankan	Guinea
country	Chambers Pillar (Aboriginal name 'Idracowra' or 'Etikaura') is a sandstone formation some 160 km south of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Chambers Pillar	Australia
country	Clarence River Light, also known as Yamba Light or Clarence Head Light, is an active lighthouse located on Pilot Hill, a hill in Wooli Park, Yamba, New South Wales, Australia, south of the entrance of Clarence River.	Clarence River Light	Australia
country	Sædden Church (Danish: Sædden Kirke) is a Church of Denmark church in Esbjerg in the southwest of Jutland, Denmark.	Sædden Church	Denmark
country	Zgornja Hajdina (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja xai̯ˈdiːna)) is a settlement and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Hajdina	Slovenia
country	Villa Recalcati is a rural palace in Varese, in the neighborhood Casbeno, in Italy.	Villa Recalcati	Italy
country	Losuia is a village on Kiriwina Island, part of the Kiriwina Islands, Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.	Losuia	Papua New Guinea
country	Øverlandselva is a river that flows through Bærum, Norway.	Øverlandselva	Norway
country	Cape Caxine is a cape located in Algeria.	Cape Caxine	Algeria
country	Guaniguanico, also known as Cordillera de Guaniguanico, is a mountain range of western Cuba that spans from the centre-west of Pinar del Río Province to the western area of Artemisa Province.	Guaniguanico	Cuba
country	The Natori River is a river in the northeastern part of Japan.	Natori River	Japan
country	Boyuk Zira Island, located in the Caspian Sea, 5 km directly offshore from Baku port, is strategically significant for Azerbaijan and is under the authority of the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Azerbaijan.	Boyuk Zira	Azerbaijan
country	Crngrob (pronounced (ˈtsəɾnɡɾɔp); German: Ehrengruben) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Crngrob	Slovenia
country	Qavolqa (Persian: قاولقا‎, also Romanized as Qāvolqā) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qavolqa	Iran
country	Strachomin (straˈxɔmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strachomin	Poland
country	IGas Energy Plc is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, incorporated and operating in the United Kingdom, with headquarters in London.	IGas Energy	United Kingdom
country	Teppe Hasanlu or Tappeh Hassanlu (Persian: تپه حسنلو) is an archeological site of an ancient city located in northwest Iran (in the province of West Azerbaijan), a short distance south of Lake Urmia.	Teppe Hasanlu	Iran
country	Vempadu is a village in Nakkapalle mandal in Vishakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh state in the southern part of India.	Vempadu	India
country	Qaumi Watan Party (Pashto: قومي وطنپال ګوند‎; Urdu: قومی وطن پارٹی‎), abbreviated as QWP and formerly called Pakistan Peoples Party--	Qaumi Watan Party	Pakistan
country	Muqsha (Arabic: المقشع، al-Muqsha) is a village in Bahrain and is situated west of the capital Manama.	Muqsha	Bahrain
country	Grand Hotel Lublinianka is a four-star hotel in Lublin, Poland.	Grand Hotel Lublinianka	Poland
country	Luweero (also spelled ``Luwero'') is a town in the Central Region of Uganda.	Luweero	Uganda
country	Furthermore, the HEFCE has rated the teaching quality at the Nottingham Business School as ``excellent'', and the latest (2012) Complete University guide ranks the Nottingham Business School at 44 out of a total of 118 listed institutions in the United Kingdom.	Nottingham Business School	United Kingdom
country	Grivice (Serbian: Гривице) is a village in the municipality of Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grivice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ogorzelice (ɔɡɔʐɛˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ogorzelice	Poland
country	Vadakkuparamba is a small village in Anakkayam panchayat, in the Malappuram District of Kerala, India.	Vadakkuparamba	India
country	Holmbladsgade is one of the most lively street in the Amagerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark, connecting Amagerbrogade to Strandlodsvej on the east coast of Amager.	Holmbladsgade	Denmark
country	German submarine U-565 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 3 March 1940 by Blohm & Voss in Hamburg as yard number 541, launched on 20 February 1941 and commissioned on 10 April 1941 under Oberleutnant Johann Jebsen.	German submarine U-565	Nazi Germany
country	Limes Transalutanus is a fortified frontier system of the Roman Empire, built on the western edge of Teleorman's forests in the Roman province of Dacia, modern-day Romania.	Limes Transalutanus	Romania
country	Central Maluku Regency (Bahasa Indonesia: Kabupaten Maluku Tengah) is a regency of Maluku, Indonesia.	Central Maluku Regency	Indonesia
country	Mutso (Georgian: მუცო) is a small village in Georgia.	Mutso	Georgia
country	Home Oil Distributors Ltd v British Columbia (AG) (1940) S.C.R. 444 is a leading constitutional decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the Trade and Commerce power under section 91(2) of the Constitution Act, 1867.	Home Oil Distributors Ltd v British Columbia (AG)	Canada
country	The Sibillini Mountains, or Sibylline Mountains (Italian: Monti Sibillini) are a mountain group in Italy, part of the central Apennines.	Sibillini Mountains	Italy
country	Buutuo is the capital of Zoegeh district in eastern Nimba County, Liberia.	Buutuo	Liberia
country	The Kafue Railway Bridge was built to carry the Livingstone to Lusaka railway line in what is now Zambia over the Kafue River in 1906.	Kafue Railway Bridge	Zambia
country	Ślizów (ˈɕlʲizuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ślizów	Poland
country	Mielno (ˈmjɛlnɔ) (German: Groß Möllen) is a large coastal village in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mielno	Poland
country	Astravas Manor is a manor in Biržai suburb Astravas, Lithuania.	Astravas Manor	Lithuania
country	Landespolizei (German pronunciation: (ˌlandəspoliˈt͡saɪ), State police) is the term used to refer to all police of any one of the states of Germany.	Landespolizei	Germany
country	Łasin (ˈwaɕin) (German: Lessen) is a town in Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,271 inhabitants (2004).	Łasin	Poland
country	Məmmədcanlı (also, Mamed-Dzhanly) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məmmədcanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Trei culori (``Three colours'') was the national anthem of the Socialist Republic of Romania from 1977 until 1990.	Trei culori	Socialist Republic of Romania
country	HHHR Tower, also known as the Blue Tower, is a supertall skyscraper on Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	HHHR Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Phoenix Reisen is a Germany-based travel agency that also operates a fleet of cruise ships.	Phoenix Reisen	Germany
country	Basilica vetus is a church in Milan, Italy.	Basilica vetus	Italy
country	Mont Sainte-Cécile, also referred to as Petit-Mégantic is a mountain that rises to 887 m (2,910 ft) located in Sainte-Cécile-de-Whitton, Quebec, Canada.	Mont Sainte-Cécile	Canada
country	St Erme (Cornish: Egloserm) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom.	St Erme	United Kingdom
country	Mowtowr-e Mahdi Salari (Persian: موتورمهدئ سالارئ‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mahdi Sālāri) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mahdi Salari	Iran
country	Wólka Łętowska (ˈvulka wɛnˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Łętowska	Poland
country	Finicha'a (also transliterated Finchawa) is a town in western Ethiopia.	Finicha'a	Ethiopia
country	The Sparkassen Giro Bochum is a road bicycle race which is annually held for both men's and women's around an urban circuit in the German city of Bochum, Germany.	Sparkassen Giro Bochum	Germany
country	St. George Orthodox Church, Cheppad, Alapuzha in Kerala state of India, is popularly known as Cheppad Valiya Pally, and is a pilgrim centre of Malankara Orthodox Church.	St. George Orthodox Church, Cheppad	India
country	Kosharitsa (Bulgarian: Кошарица) is a village and seaside resort in South-East Bulgaria, situated in Obshtina Nessebar, in the Burgas region.	Kosharitsa	Bulgaria
country	Kommunalbanken Norway (KBN) is a AAA/ Aaa rated local government funding agency 100 per cent owned by the Royal Ministry of Local Government and Regional Development on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway.	Kommunalbanken	Norway
country	Penpont Water (Cornish: Dowr Pen Pont, meaning river at the head of a bridge) is a small river in east Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Penpont Water	United Kingdom
country	Bozburun is a small seaside town with own municipality in Marmaris district, in southwestern Turkey.	Bozburun	Turkey
country	Gulset is a suburb located in Skien, Telemark, Norway.	Gulset	Norway
country	The Fragas do Eume is a natural park situated in north-west Spain.	Fragas do Eume	Spain
country	As part of the United Kingdom, the Vale of Pickering generally has cool summers and relatively mild winters.	Vale of Pickering	United Kingdom
country	Medgidia (Romanian pronunciation: (med͡ʒiˈdi.a) or (med.d͡ʒiˈdi.a); historical Turkish names: Karasu or Carasu, Mecidiye or Megidie) is a city in Constanţa County, Dobruja, south-eastern Romania.	Medgidia	Romania
country	The Greek Film Archive (Greek: Ταινιοθήκη της Ελλάδος, Tainiothiki Tis Ellados) is a film archive located in Athens, Greece.	Greek Film Archive	Greece
country	Desun Hospital & Heart Institute is a hospital and heart research institute of Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Desun Hospital & Heart Institute	India
country	Ordzhonikidzevskaya (Russian: Орджоники́дзевская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Sunzhensky District of the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia.	Ordzhonikidzevskaya	Russia
country	The Kapisanan ng Paglilingkod sa Bagong Pilipinas (English: Association for Service to the New Philippines), or KALIBAPI, was a Filipino political party that served as the sole party of state during the Japanese occupation.	KALIBAPI	Philippines
country	The Great North Walk is a walking track which runs from Sydney to Newcastle in New South Wales, Australia.	Great North Walk	Australia
country	Thus Gurjara Pratiharas became the greatest power in Northern India after occupying Kannauj.	Kannauj	India
country	Mowtowr-e Hasan Kuseh (Persian: موتورحسن كوسه‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Kūseh) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hasan Kuseh	Iran
country	Marcos Road, also known as President Ferdinand E. Marcos Highway and by its highway designation Radial Road 10 or R-10, is a 6-10 lane divided highway in northern Manila, Philippines connecting Recto Avenue in San Nicolas district with Circumferential Road 4 in Navotas in the north.	Marcos Road	Philippines
country	Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof underground station (German: Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof Tiefbahnhof) is a four-track S-Bahn station below Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof and as such part of the busiest railway station in Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof underground	Germany
country	The Nchwaning mine (or N'Chwaning mines) is a mine located in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa.	Nchwaning mine	South Africa
country	The German federal highway, the Bundesstraße 289 (B 289), runs from Coburg to Rehau in southern Germany.	Bundesstraße 289	Germany
country	Cochinchina (Vietnamese: Nam Kỳ, Khmer: កម្ពុជាក្រោម, Kampuchea Krom, French: Cochinchine) is a region encompassing the southern third of Vietnam whose principal city is Saigon or Prey Nokor in Khmer.	Cochinchina	Vietnam
country	Changbhakar State, also known as Chang Bhakar, was one of the princely states of British Empire in India in the Chhattisgarh States Agency.	Changbhakar	India
country	Varadero (Spanish pronunciation: (baɾaˈðeɾo)) is a resort town in the province of Matanzas, Cuba, and one of the largest resort areas in the Caribbean.	Varadero	Cuba
country	Raigarh Airport is located near Kondatarai, 9 km (5.6 mi) south of Raigarh, in Chhattisgarh, India.	Raigarh Airport	India
country	Boys Town Jerusalem (Hebrew: קרית נוער ירושלים‎, Kiryat Noar Yerushalayim) is an Orthodox Jewish orphanage and educational institution in Jerusalem, Israel.	Boys Town Jerusalem	Israel
country	Polje pri Vodicah (German: Pole) is a village south of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Polje pri Vodicah	Slovenia
country	The Arch of Alexander Severus is a Roman triumphal arch located in Dougga (Béja, Tunisia), ancient Thugga, which was dedicated to the Emperor Alexander Severus (222-235).	Arch of Alexander Severus	Tunisia
country	Svijenča (Cyrillic: Свијенча) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Svijenča	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pirvahid (also, Pirvagid and Pirvaid) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirvahid	Azerbaijan
country	Szarvas (German: Sarwasch, Slovak: Sarvaš; IPA: (sarvaʃ)) is a town in Békés County, Hungary.	Szarvas	Hungary
country	The Gördes Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Gördes River located 13 km (8 mi) northeast of Gölmarmara in Manisa Province, Turkey.	Gördes Dam	Turkey
country	Nqweba Dam (previously known as Vanryneveld's Pass Dam), is an earth-fill type dam located on the Sundays River, near Graaff Reinet, in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Nqweba Dam	South Africa
country	The Château de Septfontaines is located in the Rollingergrund district of Luxembourg City.	Château de Septfontaines	Luxembourg
country	Apollobuurt is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Apollobuurt	Netherlands
country	The House of the Five Senses is the impressive main entrance of amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands.	The House of the Five Senses	Netherlands
country	Skobielice (skɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koło, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skobielice	Poland
country	Fefan is the third largest inhabited island of the Truk Lagoon in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Fefan	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Fuglafjørður (Danish: Fuglefjord) is a village on Eysturoy's east coast in the Faroe Islands.	Fuglafjørður	Faroe Islands
country	Despite the relatively high level of activity, Vestereng supports a rich flora and fauna, with some species rare or almost rare to Denmark even.	Vestereng	Denmark
country	The Salle Pleyel (French: Pleyel room) is a concert hall in Paris, France.	Salle Pleyel	France
country	The Democratic Party of Albanians (Albanian: Partia Demokratike Shqiptare; Macedonian: Демократска партија на Албанците, Demokratska Partija na Albancite) or DPA is a political party of the ethnic Albanians in the Republic of Macedonia.	Democratic Party of Albanians	Macedonia
country	The Pagua River is one of the longest rivers on the Caribbean island of Dominica.	Pagua River	Dominica
country	Kaechon internment camp (Hangeul: 개천 제14호 관리소, also spelled Kae'chŏn or Gaecheon) is a forced labor camp in North Korea for political prisoners.	Kaechon internment camp	North Korea
country	The National Technical University ``Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute'' (NTU ``KhPI'') ((Ukrainian: Національний технічний університет ``Харківський політехнічний інститут'')), in the city of Kharkiv, is the largest and oldest technical university in eastern Ukraine.	Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute	Ukraine
country	Skai TV is a television network based in Piraeus, Greece.	Skai TV	Greece
country	Norra Real (``Northern Real'') is an upper-secondary school, located on Roslagsgatan 1 in Stockholm, Sweden.	Norra Real	Sweden
country	Havre-Saint-Pierre is a town situated on Pointe-aux-Esquimaux, which is on the Quebec north shore (Côte-Nord) of the Saint Lawrence River in Canada.	Havre-Saint-Pierre	Canada
country	The Pyramid of Amenemhet I is an Egyptian burial structure built at Lisht by the founder of Egypt's 12th dynasty, Amenemhet I. This structure returned to the approximate size and form of old kingdom Pyramids.	Pyramid of Amenemhet I	Egypt
country	Khashupse (Georgian: ხაშუფსე; Abkhaz: Ҳашҧсы) is a village in the Gagra District of Abkhazia, Georgia.	Khashupse	Georgia
country	Šmartno v Tuhinju (pronounced (ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ ʍ tuˈxiːnju); German: Sankt Martin) is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Šmartno v Tuhinju	Slovenia
country	Žvabovo (pronounced (ˈʒʋaːbɔʋɔ); in older sources also Švabovo, German: Schwabou) is a small settlement west of Šmarje in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Žvabovo	Slovenia
country	Gipuzkoa (in Basque and also the official form since 2011; in Spanish: Guipúzcoa; French: Guipuscoa) is a province of Spain and a historical territory of the autonomous community of the Basque Country.	Gipuzkoa	Spain
country	Birtle-Russell is a former provincial electoral division in Manitoba, Canada.	Birtle-Russell	Canada
country	The National Arboretum Canberra is a 250-hectare (618 acre) arboretum in Canberra, the national capital of Australia, created after the area was burned out as a result of the Christmas 2001 and 2003 Canberra bushfires:	National Arboretum Canberra	Australia
country	Sheyfan Sofla (Persian: شيفان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sheyfān Soflá; also known as Sheykhān-e Soflá and Sheykhān-e Dāvūd Khūnī-ye Soflá) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sheyfan Sofla	Iran
country	Schwepnitz (Sorbian: Sepicy) is a municipality in the district of Bautzen, in Saxony, Germany.	Schwepnitz	Germany
country	The Äußerer Bärenbartkogel (Italian: Cima Barba d'Orsa di Fuori) is a mountain in the Planeil group of the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Äußerer Bärenbartkogel	Italy
country	Giżycko (ɡʲiˈʐɨt͡skɔ) (German: Lötzen , Lithuanian: Lėcius; former Polish: Lec) is a town in northeastern Poland with 29,796 inhabitants (2004).	Giżycko	Poland
country	Cambeses do Rio, Donões e Mourilhe is a civil parish in the municipality of Montalegre, northern Portugal.	Cambeses do Rio, Donões e Mourilhe	Portugal
country	Warmond (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɑrmɔnt)) is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands, north of Leiden in the province of South Holland.	Warmond	Netherlands
country	Bystrz (bɨstʂ) (German: Bystrz; 1938-45: Brücknersmühl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bystrz	Poland
country	Tharro Hills are located in Sindh, Pakistan.	Tharro Hills	Pakistan
country	Zoji La (Ladakhi: ཟོ་ཇི་ ལཱ་; ) is a high mountain pass in India, Kashmir, located on the Indian National Highway 1D between Srinagar and Leh in the western section of the Himalayan mountain range.	Zoji La	India
country	Marvinci (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Марвинци) is a village in the Valandovo municipality, in southeastern R. Macedonia.	Marvinci	Macedonia
country	Karsang-e Shahi Jan (Persian: كارسنگ شاهي جان‎, also Romanized as Kārsang-e Shāhī Jān; also known as Kārsang) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karsang-e Shahi Jan	Iran
country	Beth Zabdai or Gezireh was a town located on the right hand of the Tigris River, close to Jeziret ibn Omar, now Turkey.	Beth Zabdai	Turkey
country	Senuše (pronounced (sɛˈnuːʃɛ); German: Senusche) is a village west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Senuše	Slovenia
country	In 1956, on the basis of an inscription, Michael Ballance fixed the site of Derbe at a mound known as Kerti Hüyük, some 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-northeast of Karaman (ancient Laranda) in Turkey.	Derbe	Turkey
country	Haselbacher See is a lake in Leipzig (Saxony)/ Altenburger Land (Thuringia), Germany.	Haselbacher See	Germany
country	The Arlberg Road Tunnel (German: Arlberg Straßentunnel), with a length of 13,976 metres is Austria's longest road tunnel.	Arlberg Road Tunnel	Austria
country	Gurbuz District (Pashto: ګربز ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی گربز‎) is situated in the southern part of Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Gurbuz District	Afghanistan
country	Pucatrihue is a settlement, beach and balneario located at coast of Osorno Province, southern Chile.	Pucatrihue	Chile
country	Pelúgano (Asturian and official name: Peḷḷuno) is one of 18 parishes (administrative divisions) in Aller, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Pelúgano	Spain
country	Osmólsk Górny (ˈɔsmulsk ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osmólsk Górny	Poland
country	Buta Zega Airport (IATA: BZU, ICAO: FZKJ) is an airport 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Buta in Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Buta Zega Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Postojna Cave (Slovene: Postojnska jama; German: Adelsberger Grotte; Italian: Grotte di Postumia) is a 24,120 m long karst cave system near Postojna, southwestern Slovenia.	Postojna Cave	Slovenia
country	Krukówko (kruˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krukówko	Poland
country	Ballyhuppahane, also spelt Ballyhuppahaun, (Irish: Baile Uí Shopacháin, meaning ``O'Soppahan's town'') is a townland in County Laois, Ireland.	Ballyhuppahane	Ireland
country	Gornja Bodežišta (Serbian Cyrillic: Горња Бодежишта) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornja Bodežišta	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kuskan is a small town in Mersin Province, Turkey	Kuskan	Turkey
country	Sant Llorenç prop Bagà is a Benedictine monastery in Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Llorenç prop Bagà	Spain
country	Zashiversk (Russian: Зашиверск; Sakha: Зашиверскай) was a town north of the arctic circle in what is now the Sakha Republic (formerly Yakutia), Russia.	Zashiversk	Russia
country	The club was officially launched on May 27, 2014, as part of Australia's new look second tier of soccer, but under the name, Murray United FC.	Murray United FC	Australia
country	Huanuni is a town in the department of Oruro, Bolivia.	Huanuni	Bolivia
country	Tarand-e Bala (Persian: طارندبالا‎, also Romanized as Ţārand-e Bālā; also known as Ţārand-e ``Olyā) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,173, in 262 families.	Tarand-e Bala	Iran
country	The Narva Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Нарвская гидроэлектростанция, Estonian: Narva hüdroelektrijaam) is a hydroelectric power station in Ivangorod, Russia.	Narva Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	Fáskrúðsfjörður (sometimes named also Buðir) is a village (þorp) in eastern Iceland.	Fáskrúðsfjörður	Iceland
country	Janežovski Vrh (pronounced (ˈjaːnɛʒɔu̯ski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia.	Janežovski Vrh	Slovenia
country	The International School of Tanganyika (IST), founded in 1963, is an international school in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.	International School of Tanganyika	Tanzania
country	Le Marais (``The Marsh'', French pronunciation: ​(maʁɛ)) is a historic district in Paris, France.	Le Marais	France
country	Rangrazan-e Vosta (Persian: رنگرزان وسطي‎‎, also Romanized as Rangrazān-e Vosţá and Rangrazān-e Vasaţī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rangrazan-e Vosta	Iran
country	Rajrappa is a project under Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), a subsidiary of Coal India Limited and is part of Ramgarh Coalfield.	Rajrappa	India
country	Jebalbarez District (Persian: بخش جبالبارز‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jebalbarez District	Iran
country	The Jyväskylä railway station or Jyväskylä Travel Center (Finnish: Jyväskylän matkakeskus) is located in the city of Jyväskylä, Finland.	Jyväskylä railway station	Finland
country	Qapulukh (Persian: قاپولوخ‎, also Romanized as Qāpūlūkh) is a village in Koshksaray Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qapulukh	Iran
country	Palmerston North (/ˌpɑːmərstənˈnɔːrθ/ PAH-mər-stən-NORTH) (Māori: Te Papaioea or transliterated Māori: Pamutana), commonly referred to by locals as Palmerston, or colloquially Palmy, is the main city of the Manawatu-Wanganui region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Palmerston North	New Zealand
country	Krobielice (krɔbjɛˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Krobielice	Poland
country	Thirumullavaram തിരുമുല്ലവാരം is a part of Kollam UA in the state of Kerala, a state in south India.	Thirumullavaram	India
country	Nowy Kłopoczyn (ˈnɔvɨ kwɔˈpɔt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowy Kłopoczyn	Poland
country	Tweed Heads West is a town located on the Tweed River in north-eastern New South Wales, Australia, in Tweed Shire.	Tweed Heads West	Australia
country	Celemantia (or Kelemantia; the modern name of the site is Leányvár) was a Roman castellum and settlement on the territory of the present-day municipality Iža (Hun: Izsa), some 4 km to the east of Komárno in Slovakia.	Celemantia	Slovakia
country	The Khodiyar Dam is a dam built on Shetrunji River in Gujarat in western India.	Khodiyar Dam	India
country	Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium, (National Sanatorium Okinawa Airakuen) is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex-leprosy patients at Sumuide, Nago, Okinawa, Japan starting in 1938.	Okinawa Airakuen Sanatorium	Japan
country	Dłubnia Landscape Park (Dłubniański Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, established in 1981, covering an area of 109.37 square kilometres (42.23 sq mi).	Dłubnia Landscape Park	Poland
country	Carenas is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, on the river Piedra.	Carenas	Spain
country	Rrash-Kullaj (also known as Kulla të Rrashit and Kulla të Boksit) is a settlement in the former Gruemirë municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Rrash-Kullaj	Albania
country	Heathdale Christian College is an independent, Non-denominational, Christian, co-educational in Werribee, in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Heathdale Christian College	Australia
country	Minapata (Spanish mina mine, Quechua pata elevated place; above, at the top; edge, bank (of a river), shore) is a mountain in the southern part of the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 m (17,700 ft) high .	Minapata	Peru
country	Zuia (Spanish: Zuya) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zuia	Spain
country	Tumbarumba (/tʌmbəˈrʌmbə/ tum-bə-RUM-bə) is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, about 480 kilometres (300 mi) southwest of the state capital, Sydney.	Tumbarumba	Australia
country	Khiz Ab (Persian: خيزاب‎, also Romanized as Khīz Āb) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Khiz Ab	Iran
country	Macuspana is a city in Macuspana Municipality in the south-central part of the state of Tabasco in southeastern Mexico.	Macuspana	Mexico
country	Goumenissa (Greek: Γουμένισσα (ɣuˈme̞nisa)) is a small traditional town in the Kilkis regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Goumenissa	Greece
country	The Fort de Bois l'Abbé, or Fort Poniatowski, is part of the fortifications of Épinal, France.	Fort de Bois l'Abbé	France
country	Traeger Park (currently known under naming rights as TIO Traeger Park) is a sports complex located in Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia, and is named after Alfred Hermann Traeger.	Traeger Park	Australia
country	King's College, Warrnambool, is an independent coeducational Christian school located in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia.	King's College, Warrnambool	Australia
country	Sabinov (Hungarian: Kisszeben, German: Zeben, Latin: Cibinium) is a small town located in the Prešov Region (north-eastern Slovakia), approximately 20 km from Prešov and 55 km from Košice.	Sabinov	Slovakia
country	Tomb KV32, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, is the burial site of Tia'a, the wife of Amenhotep II and mother of Thutmose IV. The tomb was discovered in 1898 by Victor Loret.	KV32	Egypt
country	Sedniv is a small urban-type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Sedniv	Ukraine
country	Universidad Católica de Santo Tomás de Villanueva (St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic University) was a private Roman Catholic university founded on August 15, 1946, in Havana, Cuba.	Universidad Católica de Santo Tomás de Villanueva	Cuba
country	Playa del Carmen (Spanish pronunciation: ('plaʝa ðel 'karmen)) is a city located along the Caribbean Sea in the state of Quintana Roo in Mexico.	Playa del Carmen	Mexico
country	Sarreh Zard (Persian: سره زرد‎, also Romanized as Sar Zard) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sarreh Zard	Iran
country	Murung Raya Regency is the most northerly of the thirteen regencies (kabupaten) which comprise the province of Central Kalimantan on the island of Borneo, Indonesia.	Murung Raya Regency	Indonesia
country	The Imperial Palace of Goslar (German: Kaiserpfalz Goslar) is a historical building complex at the foot of the Rammelsberg hill in the south of the town of Goslar north of the Harz mountains, central Germany.	Imperial Palace of Goslar	Germany
country	Çimən (also, Chiman and Chemen) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çimən	Azerbaijan
country	Hülgerahu is a small, uninhabited, moraine-based Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia.	Hülgerahu	Estonia
country	Mina Q'asa (Spanish mina mine, Quechua q'asa mountain pass, ``mine pass'', also spelled Minajasa) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Mina Q'asa	Peru
country	Bratislava Airport (Slovak: Letisko Bratislava) or Bratislava-Ivanka, located approximately 9 km (5.6 mi) northeast of Bratislava city centre on area of three municipalities (Bratislava-Ružinov, Bratislava-Vrakuňa and Ivanka pri Dunaji) is the main international airport of Slovakia.	Bratislava Airport	Slovakia
country	Hinterland Who's Who is best known as a series of 60-second public service announcements profiling Canadian animals, produced by Environment Canada Wildlife Service and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) in the 1960s and 70s, and re-launched by the Canadian Wildlife Federation in the 2000s.	Hinterland Who's Who	Canada
country	The Fisheries Research and Training Institute is a research institution in Lahore, Pakistan.	Fisheries Research and Training Institute	Pakistan
country	Haql is a town in the northwest of Saudi Arabia near the head of the Gulf of Aqaba, adjacent to Aqaba across the Jordanian border.	Haql	Saudi Arabia
country	Wadi Ar Ruqub is a wadi of Yemen, It flows past the village of Al Khayalah.	Wadi Ar Ruqub	Yemen
country	The Te Mata River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island.	Te Mata River	New Zealand
country	Sarchapet (Armenian: Սարչապետ. also romanized as Sarch’apet) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Sarchapet	Armenia
country	Scheurleer & Zoonen was a company that was established at Wagenstraat-Spuistraat, the Hague, Netherlands in 1804 by Willem Scheurleer.	Scheurleer & Zoonen	Netherlands
country	Kollupitiya is a major neighbourhood of Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Kollupitiya	Sri Lanka
country	Hammarby IP (short for ``Hammarby Idrottsplats'', ``Hammarby Sports Ground'') also known as ``Kanalplan'', is a football stadium in Stockholm, Sweden.	Hammarby IP	Sweden
country	Raqqeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رقه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Raqqeh Rural District	Iran
country	Androlykou (Greek: Ανδρολύκου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 5 km southwest of Polis Chrysochous.	Androlykou	Cyprus
country	The Empress Elisabeth Park (German: Kaiserin-Elisabeth-Park) is a public park in the town of Meran, South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Empress Elisabeth Park	Italy
country	The Château de Pierre-Percée ('pierced rock castle') is a ruined castle found in the commune of Pierre-Percée in the département of Meurthe-et-Moselle, France.	Château de Pierre-Percée	France
country	Die Sterne is a two/three/four-piece indie pop band, from Hamburg, Germany.	Die Sterne	Germany
country	The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Chevrolet 2015 for sponsorship reasons) was the 59th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil.	2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A	Brazil
country	Brezje pod Nanosom (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɔt ˈnaːnɔsɔm); Italian: Bresie) is a small settlement below the eastern slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Brezje pod Nanosom	Slovenia
country	Polhovica (pronounced (ˈpou̯ːxɔʋitsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Polhovica	Slovenia
country	Yuwak is a village in central-western Bhutan.	Yuwak	Bhutan
country	The Laubegast Niederpoyritz Ferry is a passenger ferry across the Elbe river in Germany.	Laubegast Niederpoyritz Ferry	Germany
country	Luatuanu'u is a village situated on the east side of Upolu island in Samoa.	Luatuanu'u	Samoa
country	Myyrmanni is a shopping center located at the Myyrmäki suburb of Vantaa, Finland.	Myyrmanni	Finland
country	Thar Es-Souk is a municipality in the Taounate Province of the Taza-Al Hoceima-Taounate administrative region of Morocco.	Thar Es-Souk	Morocco
country	Kerem Maharal (Hebrew: כֶּרֶם מַהֲרַ``ל, lit. Maharal Vineyard) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Kerem Maharal	Israel
country	Baft (Persian: بافت‎‎, also Romanized as Bāft) is a city in and the capital of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baft	Iran
country	Gausvik Church (Norwegian: Gausvik kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Gausvik Church	Norway
country	Sarankhola is a mauza (a small group of villages) in Dakhin Khali Union, Sarankhola Upazila of Bagerhat District, on the northeastern edge of the Sundarbans forest in Bangladesh.	Sarankhola	Bangladesh
country	Kheyrokabad (Persian: خيرك اباد‎, also Romanized as Kheyrokābād; also known as Kheyrokbāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kheyrokabad	Iran
country	Västergarn Church (Swedish: Västergarns kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Västergarn Church	Sweden
country	Ralbitz-Rosenthal, in Sorbian Ralbicy-Róžant, is a municipality in the district of Bautzen, in Saxony, Germany.	Ralbitz-Rosenthal	Germany
country	Otoyol 3 (English: Motorway 3), abbreviated as , aka Avrupa Otoyolu (English: Europe Motorway), is a toll motorway in Marmara Region's Eastern Thrace section in Turkey, connecting the cities Edirne and Istanbul.	Otoyol 3	Turkey
country	Knockalton Lower (Cnoc Alltáin Íochtarach in Irish) is a townland in the historical Barony of Ormond Upper, County Tipperary, Ireland.	Knockalton Lower	Ireland
country	After the Russo-Japanese War, Japan occupied the Kwantung Leased Territory and renamed the city Dairen (Japanese: 大連/だいれん) after the Chinese name for Dalian Bay (simplified Chinese: 大连湾; traditional Chinese: 大連灣; pinyin: Dàlián Wān).	Dalian	Japan
country	Bardboran (Persian: بردبران‎, also Romanized as Bardborān; also known as Bard Borān-e Bandān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardboran	Iran
country	The Bauchi Emirate was founded by Fula in the early 19th century in what is now Bauchi State, Nigeria, with its capital in Bauchi.	Bauchi Emirate	Nigeria
country	Sebokeng is a township in southern Gauteng, South Africa near the industrial city of Vanderbijlpark (located in the district municipality of Sedibeng and the local municipality of Emfuleni).	Sebokeng	South Africa
country	Alejandro Gallinal or Cerro Colorado (old name, still in use) is a village in the Florida Department of southern-central Uruguay.	Alejandro Gallinal	Uruguay
country	De Balie is a theatre and a centre for politics, culture and media, with a café-restaurant at Kleine-Gartmanplantsoen 10, at Leidseplein in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	De Balie	Netherlands
country	Kilsfjord Church (Norwegian: Kilsfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kilsfjord Church	Norway
country	The Centre for Innovation, Research and Competence in the Learning Economy (CIRCLE) is an interdisciplinary research centre situated in Lund, Sweden.	Centre for Innovation, Research and Competence in the Learning Economy	Sweden
country	The town of Rakaia is seated close to the southern banks of the Rakaia River on the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand's South Island, approximately 57 km south of Christchurch on State Highway 1 and the Main South Line.	Rakaia	New Zealand
country	The A87 autoroute is a motorway in western France.	A87 autoroute	France
country	Uberaba Lake is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department of Bolivia and Mato Grosso, Brazil.	Uberaba Lake	Bolivia
country	Gyong La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge southwest of the vast Siachen Glacier, some 20 km (12 mi) directly north of map point NJ9842 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between India and Pakistan.	Gyong La	India	Pakistan
country	North Toronto Collegiate Institute (North Toronto CI, NTCI. or North Toronto) is a non-semestered, public high school institution for over 1,200 students located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	North Toronto Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Cered is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.	Cered	Hungary
country	Gantoftadösen (or Jättestugan - ``giant's home'') is a partially destroyed dolmen in the area of Helsingborg in Schonen, Sweden.	Gantoftadösen	Sweden
country	Stolzembourg (Luxembourgish: Stolzebuerg, German: Stolzemburg) is a village in the commune of Putscheid, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Stolzembourg	Luxembourg
country	Harije (pronounced (xaˈɾiːjɛ); Italian: Carie) is a village in the hills west of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Harije	Slovenia
country	Changur (Persian: چنگور‎, also Romanized as Changūr; also known as Chanqūr and Jankūr) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Changur	Iran
country	On April 14, 1993, Environment Canada revoked a permit issued to Panarctic Oils Ltd. to dispose of 400 tonnes of scrap metal in the ocean off Lougheed Island.	Lougheed Island	Canada
country	The Argentine National Gendarmerie (Spanish: Gendarmería Nacional Argentina or GNA) is the gendarmerie and corps of border guards of Argentina.	Argentine National Gendarmerie	Argentina
country	Sar-El (Hebrew: שר-אל, lit. ``Service for Israel''), is a non-profit service organization, subordinate and under the direction of the Israeli Logistics Corps, for Israeli citizens living abroad, and who now wish to finalize their status with the military.	Sar-El	Israel
country	Geelong Baptist College is a co-educational college located in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong Baptist College	Australia
country	Oqsu (Persian: آق‌سو ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Oqsu	Tajikistan
country	Međugorje, or Medjugorje, (Croatian pronunciation: (medʑuɡoːrje)) is a town located in the Herzegovina region of Bosnia and Herzegovina, around 25 km (16 mi) southwest of Mostar and close to the border of Croatia.	Medjugorje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Finžgar House is a house in the village of Doslovče in the Municipality of Žirovnica in Slovenia.	Finžgar House	Slovenia
country	Roodeplaat Dam is a concrete arch dam situated in South Africa on the Pienaars River (also known along parts of its length as the Moretele River and Moreleta Spruit), a tributary of the Crocodile River (Limpopo), which flows northwards into the Limpopo River.	Roodeplaat Dam	South Africa
country	Qarakişilər (also, Karakishilyar and Karakishlag) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qarakişilər	Azerbaijan
country	Christ Church Lausanne is an Anglican Episcopal church in Lausanne, Switzerland.	Christ Church Lausanne	Switzerland
country	Uňatín is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Uňatín	Slovakia
country	Əcəxuroba (also, Adzhakhuroba) is a village in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əcəxuroba	Azerbaijan
country	Blankenstein Castle (German: Burg Blankenstein) is a castle located on the south side of the river Ruhr in Hattingen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Blankenstein Castle	Germany
country	Sekolah Menengah Awang Semaun or SMAS, is a co-educational government secondary school in Brunei Darussalam.	Sekolah Menengah Awang Semaun	Brunei
country	Keşdiməz (also, Keshdimyaz and Keshtimez) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Keşdiməz	Azerbaijan
country	The Nurek Dam (Tajik: Нерӯгоҳи обии Норак, Nerūgohi obii Norak, Tajiki for Nurek Hydro-electric Station) is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Vakhsh River in Tajikistan.	Nurek Dam	Tajikistan
country	Mangalartha, or East Prasat Top or Monument 487, is a tiny induist temple at Angkor, Cambodia.	Mangalartha	Cambodia
country	Megara (/ˈmɛɡərə/; Greek: Μέγαρα, pronounced (ˈmeɣara)) is a historic town and a municipality (pop. 36,924 in 2011) in West Attica, Greece.	Megara	Greece
country	Caunes-Minervois is a small medieval town or ``commune'' in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Caunes-Minervois	France
country	Shinile (also transliterated Ghinièle) is a town in eastern Ethiopia.	Shinile	Ethiopia
country	Dixcove is a coastal village in the Ahanta West district, a district in the Western Region of South Ghana, located approximately 35 km west of the regional capital of Sekondi-Takoradi.	Dixcove	Ghana
country	The Democratic Party of Turks (Macedonian: Демократска партија на Турците; Demokratska Partija na Turcite, Turkish: Türk Demokratik Partisi) is a political party of the Turkish minority in the Republic of Macedonia.	Democratic Party of Turks	Macedonia
country	Stoboje (stɔˈbɔjɛ) (German: Stoboy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejewo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stoboje	Poland
country	Marinduque Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Marinduque) (IATA: MRQ, ICAO: RPUW) is the only airport located on and serving the island province of Marinduque in the Philippines.	Marinduque Airport	Philippines
country	Zoo di Pistoia is a Zoo and Amusement park in Pistoia, Tuscany, Italy, created in 1970 with an area of 75,000 square metres.	Zoo di Pistoia	Italy
country	The Corumbá River (Rio Corumbá in Portuguese) is the most important river in the Central Plateau region of Brazil.	Corumbá River	Brazil
country	The Štiavnica Mountains (also Štiavnické Mountains; Slovak: Štiavnické vrchy) are a volcanic mountain range southern central Slovakia.	Štiavnica Mountains	Slovakia
country	Jaworowo-Kłódź (javɔˈrɔvɔ ˈkwut͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaworowo-Kłódź	Poland
country	Khori Alam is a village located in Kharian Tehsil, Gujrat District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Khori Alam	Pakistan
country	Yarməmmədbağı (also, Yarmamedbagy and Yarmammedbagy) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yarməmmədbağı	Azerbaijan
country	Namahounondougou (also known as Namahounondougou-Sobara) is a village in northeastern Ivory Coast.	Namahounondougou	Ivory Coast
country	Sompio Strict Nature Reserve (Finnish: Sompion luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland.	Sompio Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Süderstapel (Danish: Sønder Stabel) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Süderstapel	Germany
country	Lake El Golfete is a long narrow lake in Guatemala.	Lake El Golfete	Guatemala
country	Robinsons Place Santiago is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Malls, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.	Robinsons Place Santiago	Philippines
country	Sahiwal District (Urdu: ضِلع ساہِيوال‎), is a district in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Sahiwal District	Pakistan
country	Fundy Royal (formerly known as Royal from 1914 to 1966, Fundy--Royal from 1966 to 2003, and Fundy in 2003-2004) is a federal electoral district in southern New Brunswick, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1917.	Fundy Royal	Canada
country	The Boulder Bank is a very unusual naturally formed landform in Nelson, New Zealand.	Boulder Bank	New Zealand
country	The Marmorpalais (or Marble Palace) is a former royal residence in Potsdam, near Berlin in Germany, built on the grounds of the extensive Neuer Garten on the shores of the Heiliger See (lake).	Marmorpalais	Germany
country	Chappanda (Russian: Чаппанда) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Saltany, in Chappandinsky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Chappanda	Russia
country	Tory Channel / Kura Te Au is one of the drowned valleys that form the Marlborough Sounds in New Zealand.	Tory Channel	New Zealand
country	Fueguino, also known as Cook, is a cluster of lava domes and pyroclastic cones located on Cook Island, Tierra del Fuego, Chile.	Fueguino	Chile
country	Devipuram is a Hindu temple complex located near Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Devipuram	India
country	Åsele Municipality (Swedish: Åsele kommun) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden.	Åsele Municipality	Sweden
country	Margat, also known as Marqab from the Arabic Qalaat al-Marqab (قلعة المرقب, ``Castle of the Watchtower'') is a castle near Baniyas, Syria, which was a Crusader fortress and one of the major strongholds of the Knights Hospitaller.	Margat	Syria
country	Agios Mamas (Greek: Άγιος Μάμας) is a small village in the Limassol region of Cyprus.	Agios Mamas	Cyprus
country	The Indian personnel will be trained by a Pipistrel's partner company from Slovenia, the Pipistrel Academy, which trains pilots and new instructors.	Pipistrel	Slovenia
country	The Port Adelaide and District Football Association (PADFA) was an Australian rules football competition based in the western and north-western suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia until it folded at the end of the 1952 season.	Port Adelaide and District Football Association	Australia
country	Čierna Voda (Hungarian: Feketenyék) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of southwest Slovakia.	Čierna Voda	Slovakia
country	The small island of Pianosa (Italian pronunciation: (pjaˈnoːza)), about 10.25 km2 (3.96 sq mi) in area, has a coastal perimeter of 26 km (16 mi), forms part of Italy's Tuscan Archipelago in the Tyrrhenian Sea.	Pianosa	Italy
country	Okinawa Christian School International (OCSI) is a private Christian school on the island of Okinawa, Japan.	Okinawa Christian School International	Japan
country	Monte Bìvera (2,474 m) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps in Friuli, northeast Italy.	Monte Bìvera	Italy
country	Ulpahari is a tribal village in Birbhum district, West Bengal, India.	Ulpahari	India
country	Lacombe-Ponoka is a provincial electoral district in central Alberta, Canada created in 2003.	Lacombe-Ponoka	Canada
country	Patiala Airport (Patiala Aviation Complex) is a civil aerodrome located in Patiala, Punjab in India.	Patiala Airport	India
country	Fereydunkenar County (Persian: شهرستان فریدونکنار‎) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran.	Fereydunkenar County	Iran
country	Gadigarevula is a village in Gadivemula mandala, Nandyal taluka, in the Kurnool district of India.	Gadigarevula	India
country	There are several Hindu temples in Multan, a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Hindu temples in Multan	Pakistan
country	The Cégep Marie-Victorin is a French public college in Montreal (Quebec), Canada.	Cégep Marie-Victorin	Canada
country	The Mosque of Islamic Solidarity (Somali: Masjidka Isbaheysiga, Arabic: جامع التضامن الإسلامى‎) is a mosque located in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Mosque of Islamic Solidarity	Somalia
country	Brežice Castle (Slovene: Grad Brežice, German: Schloss Rann) is a 16th-century castle in the town of Brežice, in southeastern Slovenia, at the street address Cesta prvih borcev 1.	Brežice Castle	Slovenia
country	Kuito (also Cuito) is a city located in central Angola.	Kuito	Angola
country	Shumanay (Uzbek: Shumanay, Karakalpak: Shomanay, Russian: Шуманай) is a town and seat of Shumanay District in Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan.	Shumanay	Uzbekistan
country	Samoniny (samɔˈninɨ)(German language: Samonienen, 1938-1945 Klarfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Samoniny	Poland
country	Skredshol was a noble-seat farm (setegård) in Norway.	Skredshol	Norway
country	Segrik (Persian: سگريك‎, also Romanized as Segrīk) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Segrik	Iran
country	Kaldvågvatnet or Kallvågvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Kaldvågvatnet	Norway
country	Cao County or Caoxian (simplified Chinese: 曹县; traditional Chinese: 曹縣; pinyin: Cáo Xiàn), or Caoxian is a county of southwestern Shandong province, People's Republic of China, bordering Henan province to the west.	Cao County	People's Republic of China
country	San Girolamo delle Monache is a Roman Catholic church located on Via Mezzocannone in the Quartiere Porto of the historic center of Naples, Italy.	San Girolamo delle Monache	Italy
country	Jurujuba is a promontory and one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided.	Jurujuba	Brazil
country	Macomer (Sardinian: Macumère) is a town and comune of Sardinia (Italy) in the province of Nuoro.	Macomer	Italy
country	Lille Presteskjær Lighthouse (Norwegian: Lille Presteskjær fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in Rekefjord in the municipality of Sokndal in Rogaland, Norway.	Lille Presteskjær Lighthouse	Norway
country	Bagnaccio is the name of the ancient thermal baths still in use 8 km northwest of Viterbo, in the Lazio region of Italy.	Bagnaccio	Italy
country	Flornes Station (Norwegian: Flornes stasjon) was a railway station on the Meråker Line in the village of Flornes in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Flornes Station	Norway
country	Tomislavci (Serbian Cyrillic: Томиславци) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Tomislavci	Serbia
country	Kulon Progo Regency (ˈkulɔn pəˈroɡo) is one of the four regencies within the Yogyakarta Special Region, Indonesia.	Kulon Progo Regency	Indonesia
country	Panemunė ( pronunciation ; German: Übermemel) is the smallest city in Lithuania.	Panemunė	Lithuania
country	Gordon Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario, Canada.	Gordon Lake	Canada
country	The Randstad (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɑntstɑt)) is a megalopolis in the Netherlands.	Randstad	Netherlands
country	Wola Grabska (ˈvɔla ˈɡrapska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Grabska	Poland
country	Sessa Cilento (from Greek Σύεσσα - Syessa) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Sessa Cilento	Italy
country	Rustaq (Arabic: الرستاق‎) is a town and wilayah (district) in the Al Batinah Region of northern Oman.	Rustaq	Oman
country	The Münsterland Giro is a cycling race annually held in Münsterland, Germany.	Münsterland Giro	Germany
country	Jalan Permatang Pauh, Federal Route 3111 (formerly Penang state route P7), is an industrial federal road in Penang, Malaysia.	Jalan Permatang Pauh	Malaysia
country	Al-Zahiriyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الظاهرية‎) is a 13th-century madrasah complex in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Zahiriyah Madrasa	Syria
country	Sky Tower 41 is a 41 story high-rise building in Kaminoyama, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.	Sky Tower 41	Japan
country	Tepelenë (definite Albanian form: Tepelena) is a town and a municipality in Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Tepelenë	Albania
country	Kikoły (kiˈkɔwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pomiechówek, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kikoły	Poland
country	The Weisshorn (German, lit. white peak/mountain) is a major peak of the Alps and Switzerland, culminating at 4,506 metres (14,783 feet) above sea level.	Weisshorn	Switzerland
country	Maaten Bagush (Ma'aten Bagush) was a vast transit camp on the Mediterranean shore, near Mersa Matruh, Egypt during World War II. 31°10′21``N 27°40′10''E	Maaten Bagush	Egypt
country	Albarquel is a beach located in the city of Setúbal, Portugal.	Albarquel	Portugal
country	Stebník (Rusyn: Стебник, Hungarian: Esztebnek) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Stebník	Slovakia
country	Agirda (Greek: Αγύρτα; Turkish: Ağırdağ) is a Turkish Cypriot village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus.	Agirda	Cyprus
country	Balders Hage was a ballcourt and public square in the centre of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Balders Hage	Sweden
country	Sree Rama Varma High School (Malayalam: ശ്രീ രാമവര്‍മ്മ ഹൈസ്കൂള്‍, officially Sree Rama Varma Govt Model Higher Secondary School, popularly known as SRV High School) is the largest government-owned school in Kochi, Kerala, India.	Sree Rama Varma High School	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Badabad (Persian: مزرعه باداباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bādābād; also known as Bādābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 11 families.	Mazraeh-ye Badabad	Iran
country	Sultanpur Lodhi is one of the most Ancient Cities of India, estimated to be established in around the 1st century AD.	Sultanpur Lodhi	India
country	Sīļukalns parish (Latvian: Sīļukalna pagasts, Latgalian: Seiļukolna pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Riebiņi Municipality, Latvia.	Sīļukalns parish	Latvia
country	Damodar Kund (Gujarati: દામોદર કુંડ) is one of the sacred lakes as per Hindu beliefs, which is located at the foothills of Girnar hills, near Junagadh in Gujarat, India.	Damodar Kund	India
country	Severalls Hospital in Colchester, Essex, United Kingdom was a psychiatric hospital built in 1910 to the design of architect Frank Whitmore.	Severalls Hospital	United Kingdom
country	The West Island (in French, l'Ouest de l'île) is the unofficial name given to the cities, towns and boroughs at the western end of the Island of Montreal, in Quebec, Canada.	West Island	Canada
country	Murillo el Fruto (meaning Murillo the Fruit, i.e. Murillo where fruit is grown) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Murillo el Fruto	Spain
country	Mowtowr-e Khvabiar (Persian: موتورخوبيار‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khūbīār; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Khvabiar	Iran
country	Houffalize (German: Hohenfels) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg.	Houffalize	Belgium
country	Simeri Crichi (Greek: Mesimerion-Krikos) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Simeri Crichi	Italy
country	Rungkunan National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipalities of Ditsaan-Ramain and Tagoloan II in Lanao del Sur, some 10 kilometers east-south-east of the provincial capital Marawi.	Rungkunan National Park	Philippines
country	The Rif or Riff (Tamazight ⴰⵔⵔⵉⴼ Arrif) is a mainly mountainous region of northern Morocco, with some fertile plains, stretching from Cape Spartel and Tangier in the west to Ras Kebdana and the Melwiyya River in the east, and from the Mediterranean in the north to the river of Wergha in the south.	Rif	Morocco
country	Bo Pho (Thai: บ่อโพธิ์) is a subdistrict in the Nakhon Thai District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Bo Pho	Thailand
country	The Sugana Valley (Italian: Valsugana,German: Suganertal) is one of the most important valleys in the autonomous province of Trentino in Northern Italy.	Sugana Valley	Italy
country	Ibadan Airport (IATA: IBA, ICAO: DNIB) is an airport serving Ibadan, a city in the Oyo State of Nigeria.	Ibadan Airport	Nigeria
country	Amlala is a village located in the Mohali District in the state of Punjab, India.	Amlala	India
country	Chrenovec-Brusno (Hungarian: Tormásborosznó) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Chrenovec-Brusno	Slovakia
country	Jõgeva (German: Laisholm) is a small town in Estonia with a population of around 6000 people.	Jõgeva	Estonia
country	Tiergarten Walding (literally, ``Walding Zoo''), is a small zoo located on a hill in the village of Walding, in the district of Urfahr-Umgebung in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Tiergarten Walding	Austria
country	Cinecittà World is an amusement park located in Rome, Italy.	Cinecittà World	Italy
country	Črešnjevec pri Semiču (pronounced (ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi ˈseːmitʃu); German: Kerschdorf) is a small village east of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Črešnjevec pri Semiču	Slovenia
country	The Östergötland archipelago is the collective name of three archipelagoes located to the east of the shore of Östergötland, Sweden, spanning three municipalities.	Östergötland archipelago	Sweden
country	The Chang International Circuit (ช้าง อินเตอร์เนชั่นแนล เซอร์กิต) (also Buriram United International Circuit) is a motorsport race track in Buriram, Thailand.	Chang International Circuit	Thailand
country	FEBO, a well-known chain of fast-food restaurants in the Netherlands, was named after the Ferdinand Bolstraat.	Ferdinand Bolstraat	Netherlands
country	20th U-boat Flotilla (``20. Unterseebootsflottille'') was a training flotilla (``Ausbildungsflottille '') of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The flotilla was formed in Pillau, in June 1943 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Ernst Mengersen, and specialised in tactical training (Vortaktische Ausbildung).	20th U-boat Flotilla	Germany
country	Adenau ( ) is a town in the High Eifel in Germany.	Adenau	Germany
country	Gare de Beauvais is a railway station located in Beauvais in the Oise department, France.	Gare de Beauvais	France
country	So Fresh is a compilation album series produced and skewed by Sony Music Australia (formerly Sony BMG Music Entertainment between 2005 and 2008), available in only Australia.	So Fresh	Australia
country	Vieng Phouka, (also Vien Pou Kha Vieng, Viangphoukha, Viengphoukha, Vieng Pou Kha, Vien Pouka) is a town in Luang Namtha Province, northeastern Laos, approximately 50 kilometres southwest of the town of Luang Namtha.	Vieng Phouka	Laos
country	The Keibul Lamjao National Park is a national park in the Bishnupur district of the state of Manipur in India.	Keibul Lamjao National Park	India
country	Gur Mohammad (Persian: گورمحمد‎, also Romanized as Gūr Moḩammad; also known as Tīzāb) is a village in Mirbag-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gur Mohammad	Iran
country	Fres (Greek: Φρες) is a village and former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Fres	Greece
country	The Răcad River is a river in Romania, tributary of the Săcuieu River.	Răcad River	Romania
country	Będzin (ˈbɛnd͡ʑin) (also Bendzin; German: Bendzin, Bendsburg, Yiddish: בענדין‎ Bendin) is a city in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie, southern Poland.	Będzin	Poland
country	Piornedo is a small village in the Ancares mountains in Spain.	Piornedo	Spain
country	Serghaya or Sirghaya (Arabic سرغايا) is a small town located in the Damascus countryside in south west Syria.	Serghaya	Syria
country	The County of Dawson is a county (a cadastral division) in Queensland, Australia, located in the Shire of Banana in Central Queensland.	County of Dawson	Australia
country	The Okomu Forest Reserve is a forest block covering an area of 1081 km² in Edo State, about 50 km west of Benin City, Nigeria.	Okomu Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	National Chambal Sanctuary, also called the National Chambal Gharial Wildlife Sanctuary, is a 5,400 km2 (2,100 sq mi) tri-state protected area in northern India for the critically endangered gharial (small crocodiles), the red-crowned roof turtle and the endangered Ganges river dolphin.	National Chambal Sanctuary	India
country	Suntar Airport (IATA: SUY, ICAO: UENS) is an airport, and possible former air base, serving and located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of Suntar, Suntarsky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Suntar Airport	Russia
country	Brodowe (brɔˈdɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brodowe	Poland
country	Ballynacally (Irish: Baile na Caillí) is a village and townland situated 16.7 km (10.4 mi) southwest of Ennis, on the R473 coast road to Kilrush in the civil parish of Kilchreest, County Clare, Ireland.	Ballynacally	Ireland
country	The Pacific National Exhibition (PNE) is a non profit organization which hosts an annual 17-day summer fair, seasonal amusement park, and arena in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Pacific National Exhibition	Canada
country	Mahaday (Somali: Mahadaay) is a town in the southeastern Middle Shebelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) province of Somalia.	Mahaday	Somalia
country	Bekabad (Uzbek: Bekobod/Бекобод; Russian: Бекабад), formerly Begovat, is a city in eastern Uzbekistan.	Bekabad	Uzbekistan
country	The Ayutthaya Historical Park (Thai: อุทยานประวัติศาสตร์พระนครศรีอยุธยา (Pronunciation)) covers the ruins of the old city of Ayutthaya, Thailand.	Ayutthaya Historical Park	Thailand
country	Chornukhy (Ukrainian: Чорнýхи, Russian: Чернýхи) is an urban village in the centre of the Chornukhynskyi District, in the Poltava Oblast of central Ukraine.	Chornukhy	Ukraine
country	West Otago is the local name given to part of the region of Otago, New Zealand, lying close to the border with Southland.	West Otago	New Zealand
country	Kingswood University is an evangelical Christian University associated with the Wesleyan Church, located in Sussex, New Brunswick, Canada.	Kingswood University	Canada
country	Tell es-Sweyhat is the name of a large archaeological site located in Ar-Raqqah Governorate in northern Syria roughly 95 km northeast of Aleppo and 60 km south of Carchemish.	Sweyhat	Syria
country	Dragon House (German Drachenhaus) is a historical building in Potsdam, Germany, built by King Frederick the Great of Prussia on the southern slope of the Klausberg, which borders the northern edge of Sanssouci Park.	Dragon House	Germany
country	Kostelec u Heřmanova Městce is small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Kostelec u Heřmanova Městce	Czech Republic
country	Ny-Hellesund is an outport in Søgne municipality in Vest-Agder county, Norway, consisting of three main islands with good harbors and approach conditions.	Ny-Hellesund	Norway
country	Humburky (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦumburkɪ)) is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic located on left bank of the Cidlina River about 2 km southeast of Nový Bydžov.	Humburky	Czech Republic
country	Lacramarca River (Spanish: Río Lacramarca, Quebrada Lacramarca) is a river that flows through the Santa Province of Peru.	Lacramarca River	Peru
country	Mount Galwey is a mountain located north of Blakiston Creek of Waterton Lakes National Park, in Canada.	Mount Galwey	Canada
country	Mirissa (Sinhalese: මිරිස්ස) is a small town on the south coast of Sri Lanka, located in the Matara District of the Southern Province.	Mirissa	Sri Lanka
country	Žubina (pronounced (ˈʒuːbina)) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Žubina	Slovenia
country	Graafwater is a town in the Sandveld in the Western Cape province of South Africa situated 300 km from Cape Town, about halfway between Clanwilliam and Lamberts Bay.	Graafwater	South Africa
country	Mahlacheh (Persian: مهلچه‎, also Romanized as Mahalcheh and Maḩlacheh; also known as Mahlakeh and Mahlejeh) is a village in Fishvar Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mahlacheh	Iran
country	Drabeši parish (Latvian: Drabešu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality, Latvia.	Drabeši parish	Latvia
country	Tohoku International School (TIS) is a coeducational international school located in Sendai, Japan.	Tohoku International School	Japan
country	Poan Station (Chosŏn'gŭl: 보안역) is a railway station in Poanso, Simp'o-ri, Unhŭng county, Ryanggang province, North Korea, on the Paektusan Ch'ŏngnyŏn Line of the Korean State Railway.	Poan Station	North Korea
country	Plachkovtsi (Bulgarian: Плачковци) is a town in central Bulgaria, part of Tryavna municipality, Gabrovo Province.	Plachkovtsi	Bulgaria
country	Ghofeyleh (Persian: غفيله‎) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghofeyleh	Iran
country	Kapaam, also known as Komlathabi is a village in Chandel District, Manipur, India.	Kapaam	India
country	Dolenje Polje (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈpoːljɛ); German: Unterfeld) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Dolenje Polje	Slovenia
country	The Sandweiler German war cemetery is a World War II cemetery in Sandweiler, in southern Luxembourg.	Sandweiler German war cemetery	Luxembourg
country	Kemi (Northern Sami: Giepma) is a town and municipality of Finland.	Kemi	Finland
country	Mpanga is a location on River Mpanga in Uganda.	Mpanga	Uganda
country	Ali Zangi (Persian: علي زنگي‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Zangī; also known as ``Alī Rangī) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 29 families.	Ali Zangi	Iran
country	Khao Laem National Park is a park of about 1,500 square kilometers in western Thailand, located in the northern area of the Tenasserim Hills, Kanchanaburi Province.	Khao Laem National Park	Thailand
country	Jatiel is a municipality located in the Bajo Martín comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Jatiel	Spain
country	Strathcona Provincial Park is the oldest provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, and the largest on Vancouver Island.	Strathcona Provincial Park	Canada
country	Jalan Lapangan Terbang Baru, Federal Route and is a major highway in Kuching city, Sarawak, Malaysia	Jalan Lapangan Terbang Baru	Malaysia
country	Talerua Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland, located in the southeastern part of Uummannaq Fjord, at the mouth of Ikerasak Fjord, its innermost section.	Talerua Island	Greenland
country	Kar-Mulla is a small agricultural village in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Kar-Mulla	Afghanistan
country	Haanja (Võro: Haani; German: Hahnshof) is a village in Võru County, in southeastern Estonia.	Haanja	Estonia
country	Al-Qawalish (also spelled Gwalish or Qwalish) is a village in the Nafusa Mountains of Libya, located about 113 km southwest of Tripoli and divide two parts west Al-Qawalish and Este Al-Qawalish and people numbers lives in this village about seven Thousand people.	Al-Qawalish	Libya
country	GCSE and A level results place Wilson's School among the highest performing schools in the United Kingdom.	Wilson's School	United Kingdom
country	Pacific Magazines is a magazine publisher operating in Australia and New Zealand, owned by Seven West Media.	Pacific Magazines	Australia
country	The Taipei Bus Station (Chinese: 台北轉運站; pinyin: Táiběi Zhuǎnyùnzhàn) is a multi-use complex located next to Taipei Station in Datong District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Bus Station	Taiwan
country	Chebseh-ye Kuchek (Persian: چبسه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Chebseh-ye Kūchek; also known as Chepseh-ye Kūchek and Chopseh-ye Kūchek) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chebseh-ye Kuchek	Iran
country	Weightmans is headquartered in Liverpool's commercial district and has offices in eight other towns and cities throughout the United Kingdom:	Weightmans	United Kingdom
country	Yargeleh (Persian: يارگله‎, also Romanized as Yārgeleh) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Yargeleh	Iran
country	Muha Vas (pronounced (ˈmuːxa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Muha vas, in older sources also Gorenja Turkova Draga; German: Oberfliegendorf; Gottscheerish: Wliəgndoarf) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Muha Vas	Slovenia
country	The Bahamas Football Association is the official football federation in The Bahamas.	Bahamas Football Association	The Bahamas
country	Lake Vistonida (Greek: Λίμνη Βιστωνίδα, older form: Βιστωνίς, Bulgarian: Лагос, Буругьол Lagos or Burugyol, Turkish: Borugöl) is a lake in Porto Lagos, Xanthi regional unit, Greece.	Lake Vistonida	Greece
country	Sapnik (pronounced (ˈsaːpnik)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Sapnik	Slovenia
country	Bokoni is a settlement in Arawale National Reserve in Kenya's Tana River County.	Bokoni	Kenya
country	Machulishi (Belarusian: Мачулішчы, Machulishchy - Russian: Мачулищи) is a municipality and urban settlement in Belarus, in the Minsk Region, and is part of the Minsk Raion.	Machulishi	Belarus
country	Founded in 2003, Griffith Review has earned a reputation as ``the leading literary magazine in Australia, with an uncanny ability to anticipate emerging trends''.	Griffith Review	Australia
country	Merinaghen (also Merinaghem or Merinaguene) is a locality in Northwest Senegal.	Merinaghen	Senegal
country	Deh Abbas Rural District (Persian: دهستان ده عباس‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Eslamshahr County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Deh Abbas Rural District	Iran
country	Sabayil Castle is a castle in Baku, Azerbaijan, on the coast of the Caspian Sea.	Sabayil Castle	Azerbaijan
country	Piotrków Pierwszy (ˈpjɔtrkuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Piotrków Pierwszy	Poland
country	Bala Kahriz (Persian: بالاكهريز‎, also Romanized as Bālā Kahrīz) is a village in Churs Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bala Kahriz	Iran
country	Las Cabezas de San Juan (Spanish: Saint John's Hillocks) is a village and municipality located in the Bajo Guadalquivir (Spanish: Lower Guadalquivir) comarca, in Seville province, Andalusia, Spain.	Las Cabezas de San Juan	Spain
country	Later on, the general phase of urbanization that started in other parts of Greece in the 1960s took place in the 1950s on Gavdos.	Gavdos	Greece
country	JSC Vladivostok Air (also Vladivostok Avia; Russian: ОАО Владивосток Авиа) (IATA: XF, ICAO: VLK) was an independent airline with its head office at the airport in Artyom, Primorski Krai, Russia.	Vladivostok Air	Russia
country	Geham is a small rural community in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia.	Geham	Australia
country	Sangamner is a city and a municipal council located in the Ahmednagar District of Maharashtra state in India.	Sangamner	India
country	The Hoogkarspel water tower is a water tower in Hoogkarspel, Netherlands built in 1930.	Hoogkarspel water tower	Netherlands
country	Koro-ni-O is a village in Fiji, noted as the centre of the country's hydroelectric industry.	Koro-ni-O	Fiji
country	Zavareh (Persian: زواره‎, also Romanized as Zavāreh, Zavâre, and Zavvāreh; also known as Īstgāh-ye Zavār and Zūrāvar) is a city in and the capital of Zavareh District, in Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Zavareh	Iran
country	Stavanger Airport, Sola (Norwegian: Stavanger lufthavn, Sola; IATA: SVG, ICAO: ENZV) is an international airport located serving Stavanger, a city and municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Stavanger Airport, Sola	Norway
country	Selouane (Berber: Seřwan; Spanish: Zeluán) is a town in Nador Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Selouane	Morocco
country	Wahunkoha (Sinhalese: වහුන්ග්කොහ, Tamil: வஹுங்கொஹ) is a village in Sri Lanka.	Wahunkoha	Sri Lanka
country	The 17 August 2010 Baghdad bombings were two attacks in Baghdad, Iraq.	17 August 2010 Baghdad bombings	Iraq
country	Fórnoles (Spanish: (ˈfornoles)) or Fórnols de Matarranya (Catalan: (ˈfornuɫz ðə mətəˈraɲə), locally: (ˈfoɾnoɫz ðe mataˈraɲa)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Fórnoles	Spain
country	Maluneh (Persian: ملونه‎, also Romanized as Malūneh; also known as Malūlān) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Maluneh	Iran
country	Lago de Oviedo, also known as Laguna de Oviedo, is a saltwater lake in Jaragua National Park, Pedernales Province, Dominican Republic.	Lago de Oviedo	Dominican Republic
country	Cadí Tunnel (Catalan and Spanish: Túnel del Cadí) is a toll road tunnel in Catalonia, Spain, connecting the comarques of Cerdanya and Berguedà.	Cadí Tunnel	Spain
country	Eboli is a town and comune of Campania, southern Italy, in the province of Salerno, on the south edge of the hills overlooking the valley of the Sele.	Eboli	Italy
country	Charidaf (Persian: چريدف‎, also Romanized as Charīdaf) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Charidaf	Iran
country	Križan Vrh (pronounced (ˈkɾiːʒan ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bistrica ob Sotli in eastern Slovenia.	Križan Vrh	Slovenia
country	Cabuyao (/kɑːbuːˈjɑːw/; (kabuˈjɐw)), or officially known as the City of Cabuyao (Filipino: Lungsod ng Kabuyaw) (ISO: PH-40; PSGC: 043404000) is a first class city in the western portion of Laguna, Philippines.	Cabuyao	Philippines
country	Casa Verona's Mosque is a mosque in the Muthialpet area of Georgetown in Chennai, India.	Casa Verona's Mosque	India
country	Fort Bourtange (Dutch: Vesting Bourtange) is a star fort in the village of Bourtange, Groningen, Netherlands.	Fort Bourtange	Netherlands
country	Scott Collegiate is a public high school located in the North Central neighbourhood of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Scott Collegiate	Canada
country	Gaeltacht an Láir is an Irish-speaking area in central County Donegal, Ireland.	Gaeltacht an Láir	Ireland
country	Vyšší Brod (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɪʃiː ˈbrot); German: Hohenfurth) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vyšší Brod	Czech Republic
country	Ločič (pronounced (ˈloːtʃitʃ)) is a village on the left bank of the Pesnica River in the Municipality of Trnovska Vas in northeastern Slovenia.	Ločič	Slovenia
country	Established in 1963, Konkuk University Museum features 4,532 historical artifacts, including Dongguk Jeongun, one of the National Treasures of South Korea.	Konkuk University	South Korea
country	Following Israel's capture of the West Bank from Jordan in the 1967 Six-Day War, Kalya was re-established as a paramilitary Nahal settlement in 1968, the first in the area.	Kalya	Israel
country	Elverhøy Church (Norwegian: Elverhøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Elverhøy Church	Norway
country	Kjeldebotn Church (Norwegian: Kjeldebotn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.	Kjeldebotn Church	Norway
country	Sedati is a district in the Sidoarjo Regency in Java, Indonesia.	Sedati	Indonesia
country	New Brunswick Community College (NBCC) is a community college located throughout various locations in New Brunswick, Canada including Moncton, Miramichi, Fredericton, (its head office), Saint John, St. Andrews, and Woodstock.	New Brunswick Community College	Canada
country	Dunkirk lighthouse (phare de Dunkerque or phare de Risban) is an automated first order (i.e. 60 km beam or further) port lighthouse, the highest of this type in France.	Dunkirk lighthouse	France
country	Czartowice (t͡ʂartɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czartowice	Poland
country	Jászdózsa is a village on the banks of the Tarna river in the Jász region of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok county in central Hungary approximately 100 km (62 mi) east of Budapest.	Jászdózsa	Hungary
country	MingDao University (MDU; Chinese: 明道大學) is a private university located in Pitou Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	MingDao University	Taiwan
country	Prudnik (ˈprudɲik) (German: Neustadt in Oberschlesien) is a town in Poland, located in the southern part of Opole Voivodeship.	Prudnik	Poland
country	Dadiassé is a village in the far east of Ivory Coast.	Dadiassé	Ivory Coast
country	Achimota School (formerly Prince of Wales College and Achimota School, now nicknamed Motown), is a co-educational boarding school located at Achimota in Accra, Greater Accra, Ghana.	Achimota School	Ghana
country	Velké Opatovice is a small town and a commune in the Moravian region of the Czech Republic.	Velké Opatovice	Czech Republic
country	Lai Lung is a lake near Riom-Parsonz in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lai Lung	Switzerland
country	Tachileik District (Burmese: တာချီလိတ်ခရိုင်; Thai: ท่าขี้เหล็ก, rtgs: Tha Khi Lek, pronounced (tʰâː.kʰîː.lèk), Thai meaning: ``Cassod Port'') is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar.	Tachileik District	Myanmar
country	As of 2001 India census, Pangachhiya (B) had a population of 7,668.	Pangachhiya	India
country	Mohammadabad-e Herati (Persian: محمدابادهراتي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Herātī and Moḩammadābād-e Harātī; also known as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Ferdows Rural District, Ferdows District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Herati	Iran
country	Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering (CRCE), (popularly known as Fr. Agnel Bandra) is an engineering college in Mumbai, India.	Fr. Conceicao Rodrigues College of Engineering	India
country	Łodygowice (wɔdɨɡɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łodygowice	Poland
country	Château Sigognac is a Bordeaux wine producer located in the commune of Saint-Yzans-de-Médoc, in the department of Gironde in the Aquitane region of south-western France.	Château Sigognac	France
country	Aldoma (Russian: Алдома) is a rural locality (an electric utility post) in Ayano-Maysky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia, located on the shore of the Aldoma Bay (Sea of Okhotsk).	Aldoma	Russia
country	Almaluez is a town and municipality in Spain, located in the province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Almaluez	Spain
country	Beomgol Station (Hangul: 범골역) is a station of the U Line in Shingok-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Beomgol Station	South Korea
country	The Šiška District (pronounced (ˈʃiːʃka); Slovene: Četrtna skupnost Šiška), or simply Šiška ( pronunciation ), is the most populous district (mestna četrt) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Šiška District	Slovenia
country	Senai Airport Highway or Jalan Lapangan Terbang Senai, Federal Route 16 is a major highway in Kulai district, Johor, Malaysia that connects Senai International Airport to Senai, which from there connected to Johor Bahru via Federal Route 1 Skudai Highway.	Senai Airport Highway	Malaysia
country	Soto de la Vega, Soutu de la Veiga, in Leonese language, is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Soto de la Vega	Spain
country	Rizia (Greek: Ρίζια) is a village in the municipal unit of Vyssa in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Rizia	Greece
country	Gdyel (Arabic: قديل‎), former Saint-Cloud, is a town and commune in District Gdyel, Oran Province, Algeria, about 15 miles to the east of Oran.	Gdyel	Algeria
country	Radłówka (radˈwufka) (German: Hartelangenvorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radłówka	Poland
country	STMIK Kharisma Karawang was inaugurated on August 10, 2000 by the Decree of Minister of National Education (Menteri Pendidikan Nasional) of the Republic of Indonesia No. 151/D/0/2000.	STMIK Kharisma	Indonesia
country	Kyprinos (Greek: Κυπρίνος) is a town and a former municipality in the Evros regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Kyprinos	Greece
country	Mueang Yang (Thai: เทศบาลตำบลเมืองยาง) is a subdistrict municipality (Thesaban Tambon) in the Mueang Yang district of Nakhon Ratchasima province, Thailand.	Mueang Yang	Thailand
country	Rugir-e Hajji Mohammad Taqi (Persian: روگيرحاجي محمدتقي‎, also Romanized as Rūgīr-e Ḩājjī Moḩammad Taqī; also known as Rūgīr-e ''ājjī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rugir-e Hajji Mohammad Taqi	Iran
country	The Nanjing Library is located at Main Library 66 Chengxian Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province 210018, People's Republic of China	Nanjing Library	People's Republic of China
country	Talon Chute is a waterfall on the Mattawa River and historic site on the border between the geographic township of Olrig, Nipissing, Unorganized, North Part and the municipality of Calvin in Nipissing District, northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Talon Chute	Canada
country	Ljoljići (Cyrillic: Љољићи) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljoljići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The main facilities of Airbus Helicopters are at its headquarters in Marignane, France and in Donauwörth, Germany, with additional production plants in Brazil (Itajubá,MG), Australia, Spain and the United States.	Airbus Helicopters	Germany	Spain
country	Bafq (Persian: بافق‎, also Romanized as Bāfq) is a city in and the capital of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bafq	Iran
country	Brändö is an island municipality of Åland, Finland.	Brändö	Finland
country	Lannoy Abbey, also called Briostel, was a Cistercian abbey in present-day Oise, France.	Lannoy Abbey	France
country	Śajvo (Glow) is one of the oldest bookstores in the center of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Śajvo	Ukraine
country	Jalan FELDA Besout, Federal Route 1154, is a Federal Land Development Authority (FELDA) road in Perak, Malaysia.	Jalan FELDA Besout	Malaysia
country	Ayoxxa Biosystems (stylized in its logo as AYOXXA) is a biotechnology company founded in 2010 in Singapore, and headquartered in Germany.	Ayoxxa Biosystems	Germany
country	Nea-Nidelvvassdraget is a watercourse in the municipalities of Tydal, Selbu, Klæbu, and Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Nea-Nidelvvassdraget	Norway
country	The Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Ruhr (abbreviated VRR) is the public transport association covering the area of the Rhine-Ruhr conurbation in Germany.	Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Ruhr	Germany
country	Hatmabad (Persian: حتم اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩatmābād, Hatmābād, and Hotanābād; also known as Khatmābād) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hatmabad	Iran
country	Jalan Simpang Lima-Parit Sulong (Johor state route J19) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia	Jalan Simpang Lima-Parit Sulong	Malaysia
country	The Ambarawa Railway Museum, (Indonesian: Museum Kereta Api Ambarawa) is a museum located in Ambarawa in Central Java, Indonesia.	Ambarawa Railway Museum	Indonesia
country	After releasing two albums on their self-founded label Fairytale Records Heideroosjes got its nationwide breakthrough in 1995 by opening the prestigious Pinkpop festival in The Netherlands.	Heideroosjes	Netherlands
country	Lar River is a river of northern Iran, in the province of Mazandaran.	Lar River	Iran
country	Safayyeh District (Persian: بخش صفائیه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Safayyeh District	Iran
country	Musqan (Persian: موسقان‎, also Romanized as Mūsqān and Mowseqān; also known as Mosqān and Musghān) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Musqan	Iran
country	Shadow Tor Studios is a United Kingdom video game developer company.	Shadow Tor Studios	United Kingdom
country	Lalon Shah Bridge (Bengali: লালন শাহ সেতু), also known as the Paksey Bridge, is a road bridge in Bangladesh over the river Padma, situated between Ishwardi Upazila of Pabna on the east, and Bheramara Upazila of Kushtia on the west.	Lalon Shah Bridge	Bangladesh
country	Københavns Idrætspark, in daily use Idrætsparken, also known as Parken, was a multi-purpose stadium in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Idrætsparken	Denmark
country	Barnaul (Russian: Барнаул; IPA: (bərnɐˈul)) is a city and the administrative center of Altai Krai, Russia, located along the Ob River in the West Siberian Plain.	Barnaul	Russia
country	Matebeng is a town in southeast Lesotho, situated close to the Senqu River.	Matebeng	Lesotho
country	Novoye Chaplino (Russian: Новое Чаплино) is a village (selo) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Novoye Chaplino	Russia
country	Lavdani (Greek: Λάβδανη) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Lavdani	Greece
country	Zira'a (Arabic: زراعة‎, also spelled Zerraa, Zirhagh or Zar'a) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Zira'a	Syria
country	Selvena is a small hill-town, population 578, in southern Tuscany, Italy.	Selvena	Italy
country	Pchela (Bulgarian: Пчела, meaning Bee in English) is a village in Bulgaria, located near the town of Elhovo in Yambol Province.	Pchela	Bulgaria
country	Hayyah Kabirah (Arabic: حية كبيرة‎, also spelled Hayya Kebir) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo and south of the Euphrates River.	Hayyah Kabirah	Syria
country	Labudovo Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Лабудово брдо) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Labudovo Brdo	Serbia
country	Koh Dek Koul Khmer: កោះដេកកោល, Nail island is a small island in the Gulf of Thailand located about 7 km off the coast of Sihanoukville city, in southern Cambodia.	Koh Dek Koul	Cambodia
country	Gopinath Mandir is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva in Gopeshwar, Chamoli District, Uttarakhand, India.	Gopinath Mandir	India
country	The Dominion Drama Festival was an organisation in Canada that sought to promote amateur theatre across the country.	Dominion Drama Festival	Canada
country	Lugari is a town in Kakamega County in the former Western Province of Kenya.	Lugari	Kenya
country	Heinrich-Lades-Halle (formerly Stadthalle Erlangen) is a conference centre located in Erlangen, Germany, which was built between 1969 and 1971.	Heinrich-Lades-Halle	Germany
country	Ninalaid is a small Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia.	Ninalaid	Estonia
country	Chosun University (Hangul: 조선대학교; hanja: 朝鮮大學校; RR: Joseon Daehakgyo) is one of the oldest private universities in South Korea.	Chosun University	South Korea
country	Gharm-Chashma is a hot spring in the mountains of the Ishkoshim Range in Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province.	Gharm-Chashma	Tajikistan
country	Šilutė ( pronunciation , previously Šilokarčiama, German: Heydekrug) is a city in the south of the Klaipėda County, Lithuania.	Šilutė	Lithuania
country	Marakami (Persian: ماراكمي‎, also Romanized as Mārākamī; also known as Mārākūmī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marakami	Iran
country	Tuymazy (Russian: Туймазы́) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located 145 kilometers (90 mi) from Ufa.	Tuymazy	Russia
country	Kłonowiec-Koracz (kwɔˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈkɔrat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kłonowiec-Koracz	Poland
country	The story has been retold in countless books with the authoritative version being The Lost Lemon Mine by Tom Primrose.The story first appeared in the 1946 edition of the Alberta Folklore Quarterly and later in magazines such as Canada West.	Lost Lemon Mine	Canada
country	Barredos (Los Barreros in Asturian) is one of nine parishes (administrative divisions) in Laviana, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Barredos	Spain
country	For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK (Latvian: Tēvzemei un Brīvībai/LNNK, abbreviated to TB/LNNK) was a free market national conservative political party in Latvia.	For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK	Latvia
country	Siburan is a small Sarawakian town located in the Kuching Division, nearby Padawan, Malaysia.	Siburan	Malaysia
country	Chi Darki (Persian: چي دركي‎, also Romanized as Chī Darkī; also known as Chedergi) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chi Darki	Iran
country	Aguelhok or Adjelhoc (the official name) is a rural commune and village in the Kidal Region of eastern Mali in the Tessalit Cercle.	Aguelhok	Mali
country	Snåsa (Southern Sami: Snåase) is a municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Snåsa	Norway
country	Ouvrage Fermont is a gros ouvrage of the Maginot Line, part of the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes in northeastern France, near the community of Montigny-sur-Chiers.	Ouvrage Fermont	France
country	Yeti Gadda Kistapur is a village in the Medak District in the Telangana state of India.	Yeti Gadda Kistapur	India
country	Tasu Sound is a large sound on the west coast of Moresby Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands of British Columbia, Canada.	Tasu Sound	Canada
country	Hoseynabad-e Mehdi Qoli (Persian: حسين ابادمهديقلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Mehdī Qolī; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Mehdqolī, Ḩoyseynābād, and Husainābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Mehdi Qoli	Iran
country	Hoseynabad-e Qorqi (Persian: حسين ابادقرقي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qorqī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Qorqi	Iran
country	Transmission Gully is a chain of sleep-sided, isolated valleys in the Wellington Region of New Zealand.	Transmission Gully	New Zealand
country	Le Grand-Abergement is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France.	Le Grand-Abergement	France
country	Masi-Manimba is a town in Kwilu District, Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, the headquarters of the Masi-Manimba Territory.	Masi-Manimba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Taha Hussein Museum is a historic house museum and biographical museum in Cairo, Egypt.	Taha Hussein Museum	Egypt
country	The Bank of Adelaide was founded in 1865 in Adelaide, the capital of South Australia.	Bank of Adelaide	Australia
country	Ceyranbatan (also, Dzheyranbatan) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ceyranbatan	Azerbaijan
country	Górka Sobocka (ˈɡurka sɔˈbɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Górka Sobocka	Poland
country	The R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is both a crucial piece of infrastructure and an architecturally acclaimed historic building named after the longtime commissioner of Toronto's public works R.C. Harris.	R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant	Canada
country	Lightning Ridge Airport (IATA: LHG, ICAO: YLRD) is an airport located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south southwest of Lightning Ridge, New South Wales, Australia.	Lightning Ridge Airport	Australia
country	Ada Ciganlija (Serbian Cyrillic: Ада Циганлија, pronounced (ˈǎːda tsiˈɡǎnlija)), colloquially shortened to Ada, is a river island that has artificially been turned into a peninsula, located in the Sava River's course through central Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Ada Ciganlija	Serbia
country	The University of Barcelona (Catalan: Universitat de Barcelona, UB; IPA: (uniβərsiˈtat də βərsəˈɫonə); Spanish: Universidad de Barcelona) is a public university located in the city of Barcelona, Catalonia in Spain.	University of Barcelona	Spain
country	Sungei Road (Chinese: 双溪路; literally River Road) is a road in Singapore situated between Serangoon Road and Jalan Besar and runs along the Rochor Canal.	Sungei Road	Singapore
country	Between 1968 and 1973, the population of the BIOT was removed to Mauritius and The Seychelles, following which the United States built a large naval and military base on Diego Garcia, which has been in continuous operation ever since.	Diego Garcia	Seychelles
country	Nowe Piegłowo (ˈnɔvɛ pjɛˈɡwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Piegłowo	Poland
country	Campo Mourão is home to Coamo, the largest cooperative in Brazil and the third largest in the world.	Campo Mourão	Brazil
country	Teplyk Raion (Ukrainian: Теплицький район, translit. Teplytskyi raion) is a raion (district) of Vinnytsia Oblast in west-central Ukraine.	Teplyk Raion	Ukraine
country	Teplá Abbey (Czech: Klášter Teplá; German: Stift Tepl) is a Premonstratensian abbey in the western part of Bohemia, included in the Archdiocese of Prague, Czech Republic.	Teplá Abbey	Czech Republic
country	Faisalabad Institute of Cardiology is a 200 bed cardiac hospital and research center in Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Faisalabad Institute of Cardiology	Pakistan
country	The Baluarte Bridge (Spanish: Puente Baluarte), officially the Baluarte Bicentennial Bridge (Spanish: Puente Baluarte Bicentenario), is a cable-stayed bridge in Mexico.	Baluarte Bridge	Mexico
country	Little Norway Park is a small park in the Harbourfront area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada at the southwest corner of Bathurst Street and Queen's Quay West.	Little Norway Park	Canada
country	Sołojewszczyzna (sɔwɔjɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sołojewszczyzna	Poland
country	Milicz (ˈmilit͡ʂ) (German: Militsch) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Milicz	Poland
country	Fort Hughes (Caballo Island, the Philippines) was part of the harbor defenses of Manila and Subic Bays built by the Philippine Department of the U.S. Army in the early 1900s.	Fort Hughes	Philippines
country	The Gulf of Antalya (Turkish: Antalya Körfezi) is a large bay of the northern Levantine Sea, in the eastern Mediterranean Sea south of Antalya Province, Turkey.	Gulf of Antalya	Turkey
country	The Tampere Central Square (Finnish: Keskustori) is a public square in the centre of Tampere, Finland, along the main street Hämeenkatu.	Tampere Central Square	Finland
country	The Kaj mosque is a historical mosque in the Isfahan province, in Iran.	Kaj mosque	Iran
country	Gubbarudda, formally Gubberudda (Irish: Gob a' Roide) is a townland in Co. Roscommon, Ireland 4.5 kilometres north-west from the village of Arigna.	Gubbarudda	Ireland
country	Beklemeto Pass, also known as Troyan Pass (Bulgarian: Троянски проход), is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria.	Beklemeto Pass	Bulgaria
country	Norðoyri (in Danish Nordøre, or Oyri by the locals) is a village in the Faroe Islands on the northern island of Borðoy.	Norðoyri	Faroe Islands
country	The University of Cruz Alta (in Portuguese Universidade de Cruz Alta), also known as UNICRUZ, is a private university in Brazil, located in the city of Cruz Alta, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	University of Cruz Alta	Brazil
country	Gulbarga Airport is a greenfield airport being built to serve Gulbarga in Karnataka, India.	Gulbarga Airport	India
country	Spuž (Montenegrin/Serbian Cyrillic: Спуж) is a small town within the Municipality of Danilovgrad, Montenegro.	Spuž	Montenegro
country	Gare de Bois-Colombes is a railway station serving the town Bois-Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine department, in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Gare de Bois-Colombes	France
country	Greek National Road 8 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 8, abbreviated as EO8, common name: old Athens-Patras national road) is a single carriageway with at-grade intersections in the Attica, Peloponnese and West Greece regions.	Greek National Road 8	Greece
country	Samii (Persian: سميعي‎, also Romanized as Samī``ī; also known as Samī``ā and Samīyeh) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District, Shabankareh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 276, in 49 families.	Samii	Iran
country	Tevfik Sırrı Gür High School (or more formally ``Tevfik Sırrı Gür Anatolian High School'') is the oldest high school in Mersin, Turkey	Tevfik Sırrı Gür High School	Turkey
country	Hali Bon (Persian: هلي بن‎, also Romanized as Halī Bon) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hali Bon	Iran
country	The Siracourt V-1 bunker is a Second World War bunker built in 1943-44 by the forces of Nazi Germany at Siracourt, a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Siracourt V-1 bunker	France
country	The Barby Ferry, also known as the Ronney Barby Ferry, is a cable ferry across the Elbe river between Barby and Walternienburg in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Barby Ferry	Germany
country	Lohheide is an unincorporated area in the district of Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lohheide	Germany
country	Muliaage (Dhivehi: މުލިއާގެ, pronounced (muliˈəːɡe)) was the 'Official Residence of the President of the Maldives'.	Muliaage	Maldives
country	Sufczyna (sufˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sufczyna	Poland
country	Wons (West Frisian: Wûns) is a village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Wons	Netherlands
country	Sørkjosen Airport (Norwegian: Sørkjosen lufthavn; IATA: SOJ, ICAO: ENSR) is a regional airport located at Sørkjosen in Nordreisa, Norway, 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) from the municipal center of Storslett.	Sørkjosen Airport	Norway
country	Kaboora Institute of Higher Education (Pashto: د کابورا د لوړو زدکړو موسسه‎)is a university in Kabul, the capital city of Afghanistan.	Kaboora Institute of Higher Education	Afghanistan
country	Carapibus is a beach located in the municipality of Conde, Paraíba in the southern portion of the state of Paraíba, Northeast Brazil.	Carapibus	Brazil
country	Souparnika River is a river flowing through Kundapur taluk in Karnataka, India.	Souparnika River	India
country	Baghalchur or Baghal Chor (Urdu: بغلچور‎) is a village in Dera Ghazi Khan District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Baghalchur	Pakistan
country	Kampala Airport, also known as Kololo Airstrip, (ICAO: HUKC) was an airport in Uganda.	Kampala Airport	Uganda
country	Wülfrath is a town in the district of Mettmann (district), in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Wülfrath	Germany
country	The Warunta River (Spanish pronunciation: (waˈɾunta)) is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that flows into the Warunta Lagoon adjoining the larger Caratasca Lagoon, beside the Caribbean Sea.	Warunta River	Honduras
country	Kyrykyy (Russian: Кырыкый) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Kyrykyysky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 90 kilometers (56 mi) from Verkhnevilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Kyrykyy	Russia
country	Åna Prison (Norwegian: Åna fengsel) is a prison in Hå municipality in Rogaland, Norway.	Åna Prison	Norway
country	Sde Nehemia (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה נְחֶמְיָה, lit. Nehemia's Field) (Sde Nehemya) is a kibbutz in the Upper Galilee region of Israel.	Sde Nehemia	Israel
country	Karkhaneh-ye Raisiyan (Persian: كارخانه رئيسيان‎, also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Ra’īsīyān) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karkhaneh-ye Raisiyan	Iran
country	The Port Hills are a range of hills in Canterbury, New Zealand, so named because they lie between the city of Christchurch and its port at Lyttelton.	Port Hills	New Zealand
country	Vysoké Tatry (literally, High Tatras), informally Mesto Vysoké Tatry (literally, The Town of High Tatras), is a town at the feet of the Slovak part of High Tatras in Slovakia including all the major resorts in that region.	Vysoké Tatry	Slovakia
country	About 18 km from Malari, Niti is the last village in India, bordering Tibet.	Malari	India
country	(Saro Shah is about 5 km from Takht Bhai (or Takht Bahi) which is a Buddhist monastic complex dating to the 1st century BCE. ... The ruins are located about 15 kilometers from Mardan in Pakistan).	Saro Shah	Pakistan
country	Sriniwaspuri (Hindi: श्रीनिवासपुरी) is a small Colony located in the southern part of Delhi, India.	Sriniwaspuri	India
country	Parchim (German pronunciation: (ˈpaʁçɪm)) is a town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Parchim	Germany
country	The China Strait is a navigable strait in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea between Samarai Island and Sariba Island.	China Strait	Papua New Guinea
country	El Quetzal (Spanish pronunciation: (el ketˈsal)) is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala.	El Quetzal	Guatemala
country	The Canadian Lacrosse Association (French: l'Association canadienne de crosse), founded in 1867, is the governing body of lacrosse in Canada.	Canadian Lacrosse Association	Canada
country	Killuran (Irish: Cill Úráin) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killuran	Ireland
country	Shoqan (Persian: شوقان‎‎, also Romanized as Shoqān) is a city in and the capital of Jolgeh Shoqan District, in Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shoqan	Iran
country	WKE (Woonwagenkamp Emmen (English: Emmen Trailer Park)) is a football club from Emmen in the Netherlands.	WKE	Netherlands
country	Potkozlovača (Cyrillic: Подкозловача) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Potkozlovača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial (INTA, English: National Institute of Aerospace Technology) is Spain's space agency.	Instituto Nacional de Técnica Aeroespacial	Spain
country	Caarpsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Caarpsee	Germany
country	Khomedeh (Persian: خمده‎, also Romanized as Hamdeh, Khamdeh, Khamīdeh, and Khomdeh) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Khomedeh	Iran
country	Little Davis Falls is a 3 metre high twin curtain waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Little Davis Falls	Canada
country	Dolný Moštenec is town section of Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Dolný Moštenec	Slovakia
country	Canton 10 (Croatian: Županija 10; Bosnian: Kanton 10; Serbian Cyrillic: Кантон 10) is one of the 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Canton 10	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Örgryte is one of the 21 stadsdelsnämndsområden (a kind of district often translated as borough) of Gothenburg Municipality, Sweden.	Örgryte	Sweden
country	Front de Seine (also known as Beaugrenelle) is a district in Paris, France, located along the river Seine in the 15th arrondissement at the south of the Eiffel Tower.	Front de Seine	France
country	Thionck Essyl (also called Tionk Essil) is a town in Ziguinchor, Senegal, located 65 km north-west of the region capital.	Thionck Essyl	Senegal
country	The North Bay Police Service is responsible for law enforcement in North Bay and Callander, Ontario, Canada.	North Bay Police Service	Canada
country	Bećari (Serbian: Бећари) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bećari	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Church of Santa Maria di Caravaggio is a Baroque Catholic church located on Piazza Dante in Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria di Caravaggio	Italy
country	The figure of Reynard is thought to have originated in Alsace-Lorraine folklore from where it spread to France, the Low Countries, and Germany.	Reynard	France
country	The Central Sofia Market Hall (Bulgarian: Централни софийски хали, Tsentralni sofiyski hali), known popularly simply as The Market Hall (Халите, Halite) is a covered market in the centre of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, located on Marie Louise Boulevard.	Central Sofia Market Hall	Bulgaria
country	Mount Makarakomburu is the second highest point in the Solomon Islands, located approximately 20 miles south of Honiara, the capital, on the island of Guadalcanal, which is the largest island in the country.	Mount Makarakomburu	Solomon Islands
country	XHVAL-FM is a radio station in Valle de Bravo on 88.5 MHz, owned by the government of the State of Mexico.	XHVAL-FM	Mexico
country	Bara Katra (Bengali: বড় কাটরা) is a historical and architectural monument located in the city of Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Bara Katra	Bangladesh
country	Gotjawal Forest is a naturally formed forest located on the middle slopes of Halla Mountain, Jeju Island in South Korea.	Gotjawal Forest	South Korea
country	Vidonci (pronounced (ˈʋiːdɔntsi); Hungarian: Vidorlak) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Vidonci	Slovenia
country	Central Única dos Trabalhadores (English: Unified Workers' Central), commonly known by the acronym CUT, is the main national trade union center in Brazil.	Central Única dos Trabalhadores	Brazil
country	Narınclar (also, Nareshtar and Narishtar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Narınclar	Azerbaijan
country	Skasenden is a small village in the municipality of Grue, Norway.	Skasenden	Norway
country	Qullikarsuaq Peninsula is a peninsula of Greenland.	Qullikarsuaq Peninsula	Greenland
country	Zakrzewo-Kopijki (zaˈkʂɛvɔ kɔˈpii̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zakrzewo-Kopijki	Poland
country	Mexico's Constitution of Apatzingán was signed in the city in 1814, during the Mexican War of Independence in the Viceroyalty of New Spain against the Spanish Empire.	Apatzingán	Mexico
country	Meersbrook Park is set on a steep hillside in Meersbrook, Sheffield, United Kingdom, and offers a stunning panoramic view over central Sheffield to the north.	Meersbrook Park	United Kingdom
country	The Eduardo VII Park (Portuguese: Parque Eduardo VII) is a public park in Lisbon, Portugal.	Eduardo VII Park	Portugal
country	Gaberke (pronounced (ˈɡaːbɛɾkɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia.	Gaberke	Slovenia
country	Ottley's is a settlement in the north of Saint Kitts in Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Ottley's	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Emad Deh Rural District (Persian: دهستان عمادده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emad Deh Rural District	Iran
country	Darzikola-ye Navshirvan (Persian: درزئ كلانوشيروان‎, also Romanized as Darzikolā-ye Navshīrvān) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darzikola-ye Navshirvan	Iran
country	Nobby Islet (also known as Knobby Island and Nobby Island) is an islet located in the Great Australian Bight off the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) south-west of Kingscote.	Nobby Islet	Australia
country	The Beverly-Begg Observatory is a New Zealand astronomical observatory, situated on Robin Hood Park in the Belleknowes part of Dunedin's town belt.	Beverly-Begg Observatory	New Zealand
country	Kotlas Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Котлас) (IATA: KSZ, ICAO: ULKK) is a small airport in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia located 4 km southeast of Kotlas.	Kotlas Airport	Russia
country	Algeciras Municipal Library (Spanish: biblioteca municipal de Algeciras) is a public library network in Algeciras, Spain.	Algeciras Municipal Library	Spain
country	Taruja Marka (Aymara taruja deer, marka village, ``deer village'', hispanicized spelling Tarucamarca) or Taruka Marka (Quechua spelling) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Taruja Marka	Peru
country	Cape Breton West is a former provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada that existed from 1933-2013.	Cape Breton West	Canada
country	Wahleach Lake, commonly known as Jones Lake, is a lake and reservoir located in the Skagit Range in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada, east of the city of Chilliwack and southwest of the town of Hope.	Wahleach Lake	Canada
country	Stebnyk (Ukrainian: Стебник) is a northern suburb of Drohobych in Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine, close to the border with Poland.	Stebnyk	Ukraine
country	Siraj-ji-Takri or Seeraj-ji-Takri is a Buddhist archaeological site located in Sindh, Pakistan.	Siraj-ji-Takri	Pakistan
country	Borgheim is the administrative centre of the municipality Nøtterøy outside Tønsberg, Norway.	Borgheim	Norway
country	Conrad Gargett is an Australia-based architectural practice.	Conrad Gargett	Australia
country	Jughni (Persian: جوغني‎, also Romanized as Jūghnī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jughni	Iran
country	Ranthambore National Park (Hindi: रणथंभौर राष्ट्रीय उद्यान ) or Ranthambhore is one of the largest national parks in northern India, covering an area of 392 km².	Ranthambore National Park	India
country	The Braamfontein Spruit (from the Afrikaans for ``spring of brambles'') is the longest stream in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Braamfontein Spruit	South Africa
country	Bawden Rocks, also known as Cow and Calf or Man and His Man, are a pair of small islands approximately one mile north of St Agnes Head, off the coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bawden Rocks	United Kingdom
country	Ballito is a small holiday town located in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Ballito	South Africa
country	Makedonski Brod (Macedonian: Македонски Брод (maˈkɛdɔnski brɔt); meaning Macedonian Ford) is a town in the central part of Macedonia, on the south-eastern part of Suva Gora, western Karadžica and south-western Dautica mountains.	Makedonski Brod	Macedonia
country	The Houtman Abrolhos (often informally called the Abrolhos Islands) is a chain of 122 islands, and associated coral reefs, in the Indian Ocean off the west coast of Australia.	Houtman Abrolhos	Australia
country	Mullaitivu District (Tamil: முல்லைத்தீவு மாவட்டம் Mullaittīvu Māvaṭṭam; Sinhalese: මුලතිවු දිස්ත්‍රික්කය) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country.	Mullaitivu District	Sri Lanka
country	Trinitapoli is a town and comune in the province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Trinitapoli	Italy
country	Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve (Koivusuon luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in the North Karelia region of Finland.	Koivusuo Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Slatinski Dol (pronounced (ˈslaːtinski ˈdoːl)) is a dispersed settlement in the western Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) north and west of Zgornja Kungota in the Municipality of Kungota in northeastern Slovenia.	Slatinski Dol	Slovenia
country	Wennappuwa is a small town in Puttalam District, located in the North Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Wennappuwa	Sri Lanka
country	Galatsi (Greek: Γαλάτσι, (ɣaˈlatsi)), called in Katharevousa Galatsion (Greek: Γαλάτσιον), is a northern suburb of Athens, Greece, and a municipality of the Attica region.	Galatsi	Greece
country	Abgurandan (Persian: اب گوراندان‎, also Romanized as Ābgūrāndān; also known as Āb Charīān and Lāgū-ye Charīān) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Abgurandan	Iran
country	McClelland Gallery and Sculpture Park is a sculpture and exhibition space for modern and contemporary art in Langwarrin near Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	McClelland Gallery and Sculpture Park	Australia
country	Promyk (ˈprɔmɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Promyk	Poland
country	Zinder Airport (IATA: ZND, ICAO: DRZR) is an airport serving Zinder, Niger, near the city.	Zinder Airport	Niger
country	The Naval Careers Service is a constituent part of the Naval Service in the United Kingdom which also consists of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines.	Naval Careers Service	United Kingdom
country	Naseeruddin Memorial Hall is a landmark in the city of Lakhimpur in Lakhimpur Kheri district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Naseeruddin Memorial Hall	India
country	The Vatican Necropolis lies under the Vatican City, at depths varying between 5--12 meters below Saint Peter's Basilica.	Vatican Necropolis	Vatican City
country	Due to the Ogo Mountains' elevated, highland location in northern Somalia, the range has an unexpectedly temperate climate.	Ogo Mountains	Somalia
country	Hämeenlinna (Swedish: Tavastehus) is a city and municipality of about 68,000 inhabitants in the heart of the historical province of Häme in the south of Finland and is the birthplace of composer Jean Sibelius.	Hämeenlinna	Finland
country	Neendoor Subrahmanya Swami Temple is an ancient lord Muruga temple is located in Neendoor, Kottayam district (Kerala, India).	Neendoor Subrahmanya Swami Temple	India
country	The Boelwerf, initially called J. Boel & Zonen, was a shipyard on the river Scheldt in Temse, Belgium, which produced ships from 1829 until 1994.	Boelwerf	Belgium
country	Radež (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɛʃ)) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in east central Slovenia.	Radež	Slovenia
country	Vratnica (Macedonian: Вратница) is a small village and community located in the Jegunovce Municipality of Macedonia.	Vratnica	Macedonia
country	Nouvion (or sometimes Nouvion-en-Ponthieu) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.	Nouvion	France
country	The Victoria State Opera (VSO), based in Melbourne, Australia, was founded in Melbourne in 1962.	Victoria State Opera	Australia
country	Luleå Cathedral (Swedish: Luleå domkyrka) in Luleå, Sweden, serves the Diocese of Luleå and the local Church of Sweden parish, Luleå Cathedral Parish (Luleå domkyrkoförsamling).	Luleå Cathedral	Sweden
country	Esperadinha Airport (IATA: BVR, ICAO: GVBR) was a public use airport located near Esperadinha, Brava, Cape Verde.	Esperadinha Airport	Cape Verde
country	Dead Letter Circus are an alternative rock band from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Dead Letter Circus	Australia
country	Totness Recreation Park, is a protected area located in South Australia within the localities of Mount Barker and Totness in the central Mount Lofty Ranges.	Totness Recreation Park	Australia
country	The Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park is a coastal park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park	Australia
country	Guanare Airport (IATA: GUQ, ICAO: SVGU) is an airport serving Guanare, a city in the state of Portuguesa in Venezuela.	Guanare Airport	Venezuela
country	Gangaw District (Burmese: ဂန့်ဂေါ ခရိုင်, Burmese pronunciation: (ɡa̰ɴɡɔ́ kʰəjàiɴ)) is a district of the Magway Division in central Myanmar.	Gangaw District	Myanmar
country	A March 2013 survey from the British property website Rightmove ranked Harrogate as the ``happiest place'' to live in the United Kingdom.	Harrogate	United Kingdom
country	The Manaslu Conservation Area is a protected area in Nepal.	Manaslu Conservation Area	Nepal
country	Warlity Wielkie (varˈlitɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Warglitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warlity Wielkie	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Miri (Persian: مزرعه ميري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mīrī) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Miri	Iran
country	IBM Toyosu Facility, located in Toyosu, Kōtō-ku, Tokyo, Japan, is one of the two largest facilities occupied by IBM in Tokyo, the other being IBM Hakozaki Facility.	IBM Toyosu Facility	Japan
country	Picturesque Lelant railway station is on the waterfront of the Hayle estuary below the village of Lelant in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Lelant railway station	United Kingdom
country	Ura Vajgurore is a municipality in Berat County, central Albania.	Ura Vajgurore	Albania
country	La Forêt-de-Tessé commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.	La Forêt-de-Tessé	France
country	Pipaldanda is a village and market center of Chautara Municipality in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Pipaldanda	Nepal
country	Julianpol (juˈljanpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Julianpol	Poland
country	Trifylia (Greek: Τριφυλία) is a municipality in the Messenia regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	Trifylia	Greece
country	The Durban Outer Ring Road is a ring road that circles the city of Durban, South Africa.	Durban Outer Ring Road	South Africa
country	The Cherio River (Bergamasque: Chere) is a river of the Province of Bergamo in Lombardy in Italy.	Cherio River	Italy
country	Uka Airport is an airfield in Kamchatka Krai, Russia, located 11 km northwest of Uka.	Uka Airport	Russia
country	The Taipei Metro Zhongpo Station is a planned metro station on the Xinyi Line located in Xinyi, Taipei, Taiwan.	Zhongpo Station	Taiwan
country	Khalifa Sports City Stadium, also known as Isa Town Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Isa Town, Bahrain.	Khalifa Sports City Stadium	Bahrain
country	Sebiston (Persian: سیبستان‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Sebiston	Tajikistan
country	The Dean Forest Act 1842 (5 & 6 Vict c 65), sometimes referred to as the Ecclesiastical Districts in Forest of Dean Act 1842, was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Dean Forest Act 1842	United Kingdom
country	Balvanera is a neighborhood (``barrio'') of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Balvanera	Argentina
country	Guadeloupe National Park (French: Parc national de la Guadeloupe) is a national park in Guadeloupe, an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region.	Guadeloupe National Park	France
country	The Louis Joubert Lock (French: Forme Ecluse Louis Joubert) also known as the Normandie Dock, is a lock and major dry dock located in the port of Saint-Nazaire, in Loire-Atlantique northwestern France.	Louis Joubert Lock	France
country	Hagen Fjord is a fjord in north-eastern Greenland.	Hagen Fjord	Greenland
country	Edasjön is a lake located in the province of Uppland, Sweden.	Edasjön	Sweden
country	Plaza del Sol is one of the largest shopping malls in the urban area of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, located in the municipality of Zapopan.	Plaza del Sol	Mexico
country	Seleki is a village in Basse Casamance in the south of Senegal.	Seleki	Senegal
country	Farah University (Persian: دانشگاه فراه‎) is located in Farah province, Afghanistan.	Farah University	Afghanistan
country	Mymensingh Girls' Cadet College Bengali: ময়মনসিংহ গার্লস ক্যাডেট কলেজ is a military high school for girls, located in Mymensingh town, Bangladesh, near Charpara.	Mymensingh Girls' Cadet College	Bangladesh
country	Monte Cristi Pipe Wreck is a submerged archaeological site located on the north coast of Hispaniola in the Dominican Republic near the border of Haiti, part of the Greater Antilles in the Caribbean.	Monte Cristi Pipe Wreck	Dominican Republic
country	The 1996 French Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 30 June 1996 at Circuit de Nevers, Magny-Cours, France.	1996 French Grand Prix	France
country	The mediaeval Cathedral of Guarda (Portuguese: Catedral da Guarda, Sé da Guarda) is a historical religious building in Guarda, in Northeastern Portugal.	Cathedral of Guarda	Portugal
country	Kunova (pronounced (ˈkuːnɔʋa)) is a dispersed village in the hills south of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Kunova	Slovenia
country	Velventos (Greek: Βελβεντός) is a town and a former municipality in Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Velventos	Greece
country	Jamsil-dong is a neighbourhood, dong, of Songpa-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Jamsil-dong	South Korea
country	III Mas is located in southern Yerevan, Armenia; its name translates into English as ``3rd District.	III Mas	Armenia
country	XHFAJ-FM (better known as Alfa 91.3) is an English-language Top 40/CHR format radio station in Mexico City, broadcasting on the frequency of 91.3 MHz. XHFAJ-FM broadcasts in HD.	XHFAJ-FM	Mexico
country	The Musée Cernuschi (French pronunciation: ​(my.ze sɛʁ.ny.ʃi)) (Cernuschi Museum) is an Asian art museum, specialising in works from China, Japan, and Korea, located at 7 avenue Vélasquez, near Parc Monceau, in Paris, France.	Musée Cernuschi	France
country	Bar Giora (Hebrew: בַּר גִּיּוֹרָא) is a moshav in the Judean Mountains in Israel.	Bar Giora	Israel
country	Otterndorf is a town on the coast of the North Sea in the region of Lower Saxony, Germany, and is part of the Samtgemeinde Land Hadeln.	Otterndorf	Germany
country	Riga Motor Museum (Latvian: Rīgas motormuzejs) is the biggest antique vehicle museum in the Baltic countries, located in Riga, Latvia.	Riga Motor Museum	Latvia
country	An Giang Airport is a planned airport in An Giang Province, Mekong Delta, southern Vietnam According to the master plan, total cost is estimated around $64 million and will be invested in phases, the first phase will be constructed from 2011 to 2020.	An Giang Airport	Vietnam
country	Kunturkhacha (Quechua kuntur condor, khacha crusted dirt, ``crusted condor dirt'', hispanicized spelling Condorcacha) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Kunturkhacha	Peru
country	The Italian Bridge (Russian: Италья́нский мост) is the bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Italian Bridge	Russia
country	Jawor Castle (Polish: Zamek w Jaworze) is a castle in Jawor, Poland.	Jawor Castle	Poland
country	Ahmadabad-e Atabaki (Persian: احمداباداتابكي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Ātābakī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Atabaki	Iran
country	Tamatam or Tamatan is an island, village and municipality in the state of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia.	Tamatam	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Konar Esmail (Persian: كناراسماعيل‎, also Romanized as Konār Esmā``īl, Kenār Esmā``īl, Konār-e Esmā``īl) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 701, in 117 families.	Konar Esmail	Iran
country	Mrówczyno (mrufˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mrówczyno	Poland
country	Trzebiatów (tʂɛˈbjatuf) (German: Treptow an der Rega, German pronunciation: (ˈtʁeːptoː)) is a town in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Trzebiatów	Poland
country	Hurakan Condor is a 'giant drop' ride located in PortAventura, Catalonia, Spain.	Hurakan Condor	Spain
country	The Four Apostles was created during the Reformation, begun in 1517 and having the largest initial impact on Germany.	The Four Apostles	Germany
country	The Eastbourne International is a tennis tournament on the Women's Tennis Association Tour and the ATP World Tour held at the Devonshire Park Lawn Tennis Club, Eastbourne, United Kingdom.	Eastbourne International	United Kingdom
country	Lower Redwater Lake is a freshwater lake in the municipality of Temagami of Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Lower Redwater Lake	Canada
country	Santa Maria Podone is a small church in central Milan, Italy.	Santa Maria Podone	Italy
country	Villar del Buey (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈʎaɾ ðel ˈβwei)) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Villar del Buey	Spain
country	Ahmadabad-e Koleybi (Persian: احمدابادكليبي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Koleybī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Koleybi	Iran
country	Ujanis (Armenian: Ուժանիս, also Romanized as Uzhanis) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Ujanis	Armenia
country	The name ``Whitehall'' is often used as a metonym to refer to that part of the civil service which is involved in the government of the United Kingdom.	Whitehall	United Kingdom
country	The Drop Hydro Power Station is a Pacific Hydro hydroelectric power station on the Mulwala Canal, near Berrigan, New South Wales, Australia.	The Drop Hydro	Australia
country	Tanguiyeh (Persian: تنگوييه‎, also Romanized as Tangū’īyeh and Tangoo’yeh; also known as Tangū and Tangūyeh) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tanguiyeh	Iran
country	The Jacques Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park, Canada.	Jacques Range	Canada
country	Jubail Airport is an airfield 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Jubail City in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Jubail Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Fin Island is an island in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located to the northwest of Gil Island between Cridge and Lewis Passages.	Fin Island	Canada
country	Brezje pri Grosupljem (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm)) is a settlement just west of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Brezje pri Grosupljem	Slovenia
country	Valdeķi Manor (Latvian: Valdeķu muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Valdeķi Manor	Latvia
country	The Castello de Zanna is a small fortress, situated in the frazione of Majon, in the comune of Cortina d'Ampezzo in the southern (Dolomitic) Alps of the Veneto region of Northern Italy.	Castello de Zanna	Italy
country	Vunukuru or Unukuru is a village panchayat in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Vunukuru	India
country	The Ankogel (3,252 m) is a mountain in the Ankogel Group in the eastern High Tauern range in Austria.	Ankogel	Austria
country	Behabad-e Qobasiah (Persian: به ابادقباسيان‎, also Romanized as Behābād-e Qobāsīāh; also known as Beyābād and Bīābād-e Qobā Sīāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Behabad-e Qobasiah	Iran
country	Dinachal Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديناچال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dinachal Rural District	Iran
country	Repanidi (Greek: Ρεπανίδι) is a village and a community in the northeast of the island of Lemnos, Greece.	Repanidi	Greece
country	Petrelë Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Petrelës) is a castle in Petrelë, central Albania.	Petrelë Castle	Albania
country	The Minangkabau version -- probably the most popular dendeng dish in Indonesia -- is called Dendeng Balado or Dendeng Batokok is a speciality from Padang, West Sumatra, made from beef which is thinly cut then dried and fried before adding chillies and other ingredients.	Dendeng	Indonesia
country	Nebaj is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, located in the western Guatemala highlands.	Nebaj	Guatemala
country	El Quinche is a city of Ecuador, in the Pichincha Province, about 20 mi (32 km) from the city of Quito.	El Quinche	Ecuador
country	Asad Qeshlaqi-ye Yek (Persian: اسدقشلاقي 1‎, also Romanized as Asad Qeshlāqī-ye Yek) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Asad Qeshlaqi-ye Yek	Iran
country	Baronville (German: Baronweiler, 1941--44 Barenweiler) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Baronville	France
country	Midtgulen Church (Norwegian: Midtgulen kyrkje) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Midtgulen Church	Norway
country	Lekhziri Glacier (Georgian: ლეხზირი) is a valley glacier located on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti Region of Georgia.	Lekhziri Glacier	Georgia
country	Safar Zai (Persian: صفرزائي‎, also Romanized as Şafar Zā’ī; also known as Şafar Zahī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Safar Zai	Iran
country	The Estates Theatre or Stavovské divadlo is a historic theatre in Prague, Czech Republic.	Estates Theatre	Czech Republic
country	Mount View, New South Wales is a rural locality located in the Hunter Region wine region in New South Wales Australia.	Mount View, New South Wales	Australia
country	Clyde River Airport (IATA: YCY, ICAO: CYCY) is located 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) northeast of Clyde River, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the government of Nunavut.	Clyde River Airport	Canada
country	Fornaci di Barga is a frazione of Barga in the Province of Lucca, Tuscany, Italy.	Fornaci di Barga	Italy
country	Major League Quidditch (MLQ) is a professional quidditch league that represents the sport's highest level in both the United States and Canada.	Major League Quidditch	Canada
country	Howard Park Wines is Western Australia's largest family-owned winery owned by the Burch family, which is responsible for such brands as Howard Park, MadFish, and Marchand & Burch.	Howard Park Wines	Australia
country	Chimoio Airport is an airport in Chimoio, Mozambique (IATA: VPY, ICAO: FQCH).	Chimoio Airport	Mozambique
country	Canton of Matheysine-Trièves is a canton of the Isère département, in south-eastern part of France.	Canton of Matheysine-Trièves	France
country	Repvåg Church (Norwegian: Repvåg kirke) is a church in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Repvåg Church	Norway
country	Kings Domain is an area of parklands in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Kings Domain	Australia
country	Lechitów (lɛˈxituf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lechitów	Poland
country	Raymond Gardiner High School Playfield is a multi-use sporting facilities in Bottle Creek, North Caicos, Turks and Caicos Islands.	Raymond Gardiner High School Playfield	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Punakha Province (Dzongkha: སྤུ་ན་ཁ་; Wylie: spu-na-kha) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan.	Punakha Province	Bhutan
country	Lavali (Persian: لوالي‎, also Romanized as Lavālī; also known as Lūā’ī) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lavali	Iran
country	Cwmystwyth experiences an oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb) similar to almost all of Wales and the United Kingdom.	Cwmystwyth	United Kingdom
country	The Botanic Garden of the Irkutsk State University is a botanic garden in Irkutsk, Siberia, Russia.	Botanic Garden of the Irkutsk State University	Russia
country	Pir Kuh-e Sofla (Persian: پيركوه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pīr Kūh-e Soflá; also known as Pīr Kūh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pir Kuh-e Sofla	Iran
country	Lekenik is a village and a municipality in central Croatia, located between Sisak and Velika Gorica in the lowland region of Turopolje.	Lekenik	Croatia
country	Andrićgrad (Serbian Cyrillic: Андрићград, meaning ``Andrić's town'') is the name of an ongoing construction project located in Višegrad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina by director Emir Kusturica.	Andrićgrad	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Għajn Tuffieħa forms part of the Manikata village in Malta which is part of the Mellieħa.	Għajn Tuffieħa	Malta
country	Malleco National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile.	Malleco National Reserve	Chile
country	Podmoskovie Stadium, situated in the suburb of Shchelkovo some 15 km from the centre of Moscow, is one of the oldest stadia in Russia.	Podmoskovie Stadium	Russia
country	Monte Tremalzo is a mountain between Lombardy and Trentino Alto Adige, Italy.	Monte Tremalzo	Italy
country	The American Institute of Chemists Gold Medal, given since 1926, is the institute's highest award and is awarded annually to a person who has promoted activity of service to the science or profession of chemist or chemical engineer in the United States of America.	American Institute of Chemists	United States of America
country	Dogonbadan Police Station (Persian: پليس راه دوگنبدان‎ -- Polīs Rāh-e Dogonbadān) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dogonbadan Police Station	Iran
country	Radoslavci (pronounced (ˈɾaːdɔslau̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Radoslavci	Slovenia
country	Veliko Mlačevo (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈmlaːtʃɛʋɔ); German: Großmlatschevo) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Veliko Mlačevo	Slovenia
country	The Loggia dei Mercanti (``Merchants' Lodge'') is a historical palace in Ancona, central Italy.	Loggia dei Mercanti	Italy
country	Nowy Szczeglin (ˈnɔvɨ ˈʂt͡ʂɛɡlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Szczeglin	Poland
country	The Huda lui Papară River (also known as Valea Morilor River) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.	Huda lui Papară River	Romania
country	Piovene Rocchette is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy.	Piovene Rocchette	Italy
country	Dolmen de Axeitos is a prehistoric megalithic dolmen just to the northwest of the village Axeitos, in the parish of Oleiros, in the municipality of Riveira, on the Barbanza Peninsula in the estuary of the Ría de Arousa in the Province of A Coruña, Galicia, in northern Spain.	Dolmen de Axeitos	Spain
country	Victoria Harbour is a natural landform harbour situated between Hong Kong Island and Kowloon in Hong Kong.	Victoria Harbour	Hong Kong
country	Posht Gorg (Persian: پشت گرگ‎) is a village in Kuh Sefid Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Posht Gorg	Iran
country	Torre de Miguel Sesmero is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain (Europe).	Torre de Miguel Sesmero	Spain
country	Awgbu is a town in Orumba north Local Government Area of Anambra State, South East Nigeria.	Awgbu	Nigeria
country	Gusau is a city and Local Government Area located in northwestern Nigeria.	Gusau	Nigeria
country	Khakrez (also: Khakriz, Khak Reiz) is a village and the center of Khakrez District, Kandahar Province, Afghanistan.	Khakrez	Afghanistan
country	Bakhanay (Russian: Баханай; Yakut: Баахынай) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Lindinsky Rural Okrug of Zhigansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 110 kilometers (68 mi) from Zhigansk, the administrative center of the district.	Bakhanay	Russia
country	Starý Bohumín, lit. ``Old Bohumín'' (German: Alt Oderberg, Polish: Stary Bogumin) is a part of the town of Bohumín in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Starý Bohumín	Czech Republic
country	Olympiapark Schwimmstadion Berlin (German: Berlin Olympic Swim Stadium) is an aquatics venue located in Berlin, Germany constructed for the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Olympiapark Schwimmstadion Berlin	Germany
country	Knoda is a mountain in southern Norway.	Knoda	Norway
country	The Anglican Diocese of Tasmania includes the entire Tasmanian archipelago and is an extraprovincial diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia.	Anglican Diocese of Tasmania	Australia
country	Lazarski University (formerly known as Higher School of Commerce and Law) (Polish: Uczelnia Łazarskiego) is a private university located in Warsaw, Poland.	Lazarski University	Poland
country	The Thessaloniki State Museum of Contemporary Art (Greek: Κρατικό Μουσείο Σύγχρονης Τέχνης) is a state museum based in Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece.	State Museum of Contemporary Art	Greece
country	Great Northern Rail Services was railway operator in Victoria, Australia.	Great Northern Rail Services	Australia
country	The De Contas River (Portuguese: Rio de Contas) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.	De Contas River	Brazil
country	Wakema (Burmese: ဝါးခယ်မမြို့ (wákʰɛ̀ma̰ mjo̰)) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar.	Wakema	Myanmar
country	Hatlestrand Church (Norwegian: Hatlestrand kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hatlestrand Church	Norway
country	Sheer Sound was formed in November 1994, shortly after South Africa's first democratic elections.	Sheer Sound	South Africa
country	Long Taan is a longhouse settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Taan	Malaysia
country	Dalkarlså Folk High School (Swedish: Dalkarlså folkhögskola) is situated in northern Sweden near the settlement of Dalkarlså.	Dalkarlså Folk High School	Sweden
country	Šamorín (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈʃamoriːn); Hungarian: Somorja, German: Sommerein) is a small Slovak town in western Slovakia, southeast of Bratislava (Pozsony).	Šamorín	Slovakia
country	Rangjung is a town on the Gamri River in the Radhi Gewog of Tashigang District, East Bhutan.	Rangjung	Bhutan
country	Zaube (German: (((1))) Jürgensburg) is a village in Amata municipality, Latvia.	Zaube	Latvia
country	Oued El Abiod (in English: Abiod Valley) is a mountain pass in the Aurés massif, located in the Saharan Atlas in northeastern Algeria.	Abiod Valley	Algeria
country	Podslivnica (pronounced (pɔtˈsliːu̯nitsa)) is a small village below the northern slopes of Mount Slivnica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podslivnica	Slovenia
country	Kakiha (Persian: كاكيها‎, also Romanized as Kākīhā; also known as Kākīel) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kakiha	Iran
country	The Solomons Temple Islands (variants: Solomon's Temple Islands; Solomons Temple Island) are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group located within the midsection of James Bay in Nunavut, Canada.	Solomons Temple Islands	Canada
country	The Imeong Conservation Area is an area of roughly 1,250 sq m located in western Palau.	Imeong Conservation Area	Palau
country	Lviv University (Ukrainian: Львівський університет) or officially the Ivan Franko National University of Lviv (Ukrainian: Львівський національний університет імені Івана Франка) is the oldest continuously operating university in Ukraine.	Lviv University	Ukraine
country	Bandhawan is a small village in the Bhojpur district of India.	Bandhawan	India
country	Ambohimahasoa is a city in Madagascar, in the Haute Matsiatra region.The city lies in the southern parts of the Central Highlands, near the city of Fianarantsoa.	Ambohimahasoa	Madagascar
country	Champdeniers-Saint-Denis commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in the Poitou-Charentes region in western France.	Champdeniers-Saint-Denis	France
country	Bagalgrom (also known as Mumar) is a village in the Bashgal Valley of Nuristan, Afghanistan.	Bagalgrom	Afghanistan
country	Kondapalkala is a major panchayat village located in the district of Karimnagar, Telangana, India.	Kondapalkala	India
country	Rivière-aux-Saumons Aerodrome, (TC LID: CTH7), is a registered aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west of Rivière-aux-Saumons, Anticosti Island, Quebec, Canada.	Rivière-aux-Saumons Aerodrome	Canada
country	Vissenbjerg is a town in central Denmark with a population of 3,118 (1 January 2014), located in Assens municipality (formerly Vissenbjerg municipality) in Region of Southern Denmark on the island of Funen.	Vissenbjerg	Denmark
country	Gurlen or Gurlan (Uzbek: Gurlen, Russian: Гурлен) is a town and seat of Gurlen District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan.	Gurlen	Uzbekistan
country	Sultan Abdul Halim Highway or Lebuhraya Sultan Abdul Halim, Federal route is a broad and busy road link to Alor Star, Kedah, Malaysia via the North South Expressway from Kuala Lumpur and Penang.	Sultan Abdul Halim Highway	Malaysia
country	Civitella Alfedena is a small town and comune in the province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo, central Italy).	Civitella Alfedena	Italy
country	Hamningberg Chapel (Norwegian: Hamningberg kapell) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Hamningberg Chapel	Norway
country	Subotiv (Ukrainian: Суботів) is a village (selo) in central Ukraine.	Subotiv	Ukraine
country	The 2012 Kufra conflict started in the aftermath of the Libyan civil war, and involved armed clashes between the Tobu and Zuwayya tribes in the Kufra area of Cyrenaica, Libya.	2012 Kufra conflict	Libya
country	Kwong Wah Yit Poh is the oldest Chinese language newspaper in Malaysia and outside of Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, as well the world's oldest surviving Chinese newspaper (though Ta Kung Pao is the oldest active Chinese language newspaper in the world).	Kwong Wah Yit Poh	Malaysia
country	Jalan Serkam Pantai (Malacca state routeM108) is a major roads in Malacca state, Malaysia	Jalan Serkam Pantai	Malaysia
country	The Whangamarino Wetland in the Waikato Region is the second largest wetland complex of the North Island of New Zealand.	Whangamarino Wetland	New Zealand
country	Adwa (Amharic: ዓድዋ?; also spelled Adowa, Aduwa) is a market town and separate woreda in northern Ethiopia.	Adwa	Ethiopia
country	Šmihel pri Žužemberku (pronounced (ʃmiˈxeːu̯ pɾi ˈʒuːʒɛmbɛɾku)) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Šmihel pri Žužemberku	Slovenia
country	Ecbatana (/ɛkˈbætənə/; Old Persian: 𐏃𐎥𐎶𐎫𐎠𐎴 Haŋgmatāna, literally ``the place of gathering'', Ancient Greek: Ἀγβάτανα in Aeschylus and Herodotus, elsewhere Ἐκβάτανα, Agámtanu by Nabonidos, and Agamatanu at Behistun) was an ancient city in Media in western Iran.	Ecbatana	Iran
country	Grahovo Brdo (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːxɔʋɔ ˈbəɾdɔ); Italian: Gracovo di Tomadio) is a small settlement east of Križ in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Grahovo Brdo	Slovenia
country	Qeblehi Rural District (Persian: دهستان قبله‌ای‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qeblehi Rural District	Iran
country	Pouldergat (Breton: Pouldregad) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Pouldergat	France
country	Săveni is a small town located in Botoşani County in the Moldavia region in northeastern Romania.	Săveni	Romania
country	Avandar (Persian: اوندر‎) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Avandar	Iran
country	Gorna Oryahovitsa (Bulgarian: Горна Оряховица) is a town in northern Bulgaria, situated in Veliko Tarnovo Province, not far from the city of Veliko Tarnovo.	Gorna Oryahovitsa	Bulgaria
country	Valdivia National Reserve is a natural reserve located in the Valdivian Coastal Range, in Los Ríos Region of Chile, near the port of Corral.	Valdivia National Reserve	Chile
country	Whitehouse Beach adjoins an area of former salt marsh in Westmoreland, Jamaica.	Whitehouse Beach	Jamaica
country	Pepsi on Stage is a music venue in the city of Porto Alegre, Brazil.	Pepsi on Stage	Brazil
country	Taro Island is a small island in the Solomon Islands with 507 inhabitants, capital of Choiseul Province and is located in Choiseul Bay off the northwest coast.	Taro Island	Solomon Islands
country	Putra Specialist Hospital is a private hospital in Batu Pahat, Malaysia .	Putra Specialist Hospital	Malaysia
country	Jatno (ˈjatnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jatno	Poland
country	Tunggal Hati Seminari (THS) is a style of pencak silat from Indonesia.	Tunggal Hati Seminari	Indonesia
country	Zefyri (Greek: Ζεφύρι) is a suburban town and former municipality in West Attica, Greece.	Zefyri	Greece
country	Zeven ('t͡se:fən) is a town in the district of Rotenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Zeven	Germany
country	The Spearhead Glacier is the largest glacier on the Spearhead Range, located on the opposite, northeast side of that range from the resort town of Whistler, British Columbia, Canada, and is serviced in part by the lift system of the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort.	Spearhead Glacier	Canada
country	Earl of Camperdown, of Lundie in the County of Forfar and of Gleneagles in the County of Perth, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Earl of Camperdown	United Kingdom
country	Australia's first prime minister Edmund Barton played cricket for Sydney University Cricket Club.	Sydney University Cricket Club	Australia
country	Skrzyptowo (skʂɨpˈtɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skrzyptowo	Poland
country	Mîndîc, also spelled Mândâc, is a commune in Drochia district, Moldova.	Mîndîc	Moldova
country	Gyeongnam International Foreign School (GIFS) is a privately funded international school located in Sacheon, South Korea.	Gyeongnam International Foreign School	South Korea
country	The Teatro del Libertador General San Martín (or more commonly, Teatro del Libertador or Teatro Libertador) is the premier stage theatre, opera house and concert hall in Córdoba, Argentina.	Teatro del Libertador General San Martín	Argentina
country	Dam-e Bahayi (Persian: دام بهايي‎, also Romanized as Dām-e Bahāyī) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dam-e Bahayi	Iran
country	Pubs in the United Kingdom bear the name of the Cheshire Cat: ``The Cheshire Cat'' is the name of two public houses in the county of Cheshire; one near Stockport and another on the A41 just south of Chester.	Cheshire Cat	United Kingdom
country	Consolidated Media Holdings (CMH) was an Australia investment company focused on subscription television.	Consolidated Media Holdings	Australia
country	Gladesville Mental Hospital was a psychiatric hospital established in 1838 in the suburb of Gladesville, Sydney, Australia.	Gladesville Mental Hospital	Australia
country	Qingyun County (simplified Chinese: 庆云县; traditional Chinese: 慶雲縣; pinyin: Qìngyún Xiàn) is a county of north-northwestShandong province, People's Republic of China.	Qingyun County	People's Republic of China
country	Sayhad is a desert region that corresponds with Northern Deserts of Modern Yemen (Al-Jawf, Marib, Shabwah governorates) and Southwestern Saudi Arabia (Najran province).	Sayhad	Yemen	Saudi Arabia
country	The Congresshalle is a concert hall located in Saarbrücken, Germany, which was designed by German architect Dieter Oesterlen.	Congresshalle	Germany
country	Naser Balivand (Persian: ناصربليوند‎, also Romanized as Nāṣer Balīvand) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naser Balivand	Iran
country	Dominic College is a Catholic, co-educational, day school, located in Glenorchy, Tasmania, Australia.	Dominic College	Australia
country	Signy Abbey (French: Abbaye de Signy, Abbaye Notre-Dame de Signy; Latin: Signiacum) was a Cistercian abbey located in Signy-l'Abbaye, Ardennes, France.	Signy Abbey	France
country	Vandse is a village in Kundapura taluk (sub district) of Udupi district, Karnataka state, India.	Vandse	India
country	Umedalen skulpturpark is an art exhibition and a sculpture garden in Umeå in Sweden.	Umedalen skulpturpark	Sweden
country	Lokossa is an arrondissement, commune, and the capital city of Mono Department in Benin.	Lokossa	Benin
country	Podyjí National Park (Czech: Národní park Podyjí) is a national park in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Podyjí National Park	Czech Republic
country	The DBK Historic Railway is a preserved railway association in Crailsheim, Germany.	DBK Historic Railway	Germany
country	Patinoire des Vernets is an arena located in Geneva, Switzerland.	Patinoire des Vernets	Switzerland
country	Hill Grange High School was a private school for boys and girls located on Pedder Road, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Hill Grange High School	India
country	Voss Airport, Bømoen (Norwegian: Voss flyplass, Bømoen) (ICAO: ENBM) is a general aviation airport located on the closed Bømoen Base in Voss, Norway.	Voss Airport, Bømoen	Norway
country	An Phú is an urban municipality (trấn thuộc huyện) and capital town of the An Phú District of An Giang Province, Vietnam.	An Phú	Vietnam
country	Kep District (Khmer: កែប) is a district (Khan) in the city of Kep, Cambodia.	Kep District	Cambodia
country	Maroda (मरोड़ा) is a village located in the Pauri Garhwal district of Uttarakhand, India.	Maroda	India
country	St Mary's Mbeya Secondary School (SMMSS) is a school in Mbeya, Tanzania, located on the Tanzania-Zambia Highway.	St Mary's Mbeya Secondary School	Tanzania
country	The Municipality of Thessaloniki (Greek: Δήμος Θεσσαλονίκης) is the second largest municipality by population in Greece after the Municipality of Athens.	Municipality of Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Starotitarovskaya (Russian: Старотитаровская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Temryuksky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Starotitarovskaya	Russia
country	The Campolmi Factory, the Prato textile museum and Lazzerini Library is a textile museum and library in Prato in Tuscany, Italy.	Prato textile museum	Italy
country	Copesa (Consorcio Periodístico de Chile) is one of the more important Chilean media conglomerate.	Copesa	Chile
country	Klipkopjes Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the White River, near the town of White River, Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Klipkopjes Dam	South Africa
country	Almyrida (Greek: Αλμυρίδα) is a resort located in the Apokoronas region of the northwest coast of the island of Crete, Greece.	Almyrida	Greece
country	Noyon Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Noyon) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral, located in Noyon, France.	Noyon Cathedral	France
country	Fort Lofti is a village and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel, in Tindouf Province, Algeria.	Fort Lofti	Algeria
country	The Hoops Dome is an indoor arena in Lapu Lapu, Cebu, Philippines.	Hoops Dome	Philippines
country	Alonei HaBashan (Hebrew: אַלּוֹנֵי הַבָּשָׁן) is an Israeli settlement, moshav shitufi, located in the central Golan Heights, under the administration of Israel.	Alonei HaBashan	Israel
country	The Friulian Front (Front Furlan, Fronte Friulano, FF) is a separatist political party active in Friuli, Italy.	Friulian Front	Italy
country	Jitu (Persian: جيتو‎, also Romanized as Jītū and Jūtū) is a village in Filestan Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Jitu	Iran
country	The Protestant church of Grou or Saint Peter's church is a religious building in Grou, Netherlands, one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Grou	Netherlands
country	Apnenik pri Boštanju (pronounced (apˈneːnik pɾi bɔˈʃtaːnju); German: Kalchberg) is a settlement to the west of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Apnenik pri Boštanju	Slovenia
country	Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈvɔla zaraˈd͡zɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Wola Zaradzyńska	Poland
country	Loreto Secondary School, Kilkenny is a Roman Catholic voluntary secondary school for girls in Kilkenny, Ireland.	Loreto Secondary School, Kilkenny	Ireland
country	Kareela is a suburb in southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 24 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire.	Kareela	Australia
country	Muktainagar (formerly known as Edlabad) is a small town situated (~21°03''08''N 76°03''18''E) on National Highway 6 (or Asian Highway 46) at the northern border of Maharashtra in India.	Muktainagar	India
country	Shaikh Isa Causeway (officially known as Shaikh Isa bin Salman Causeway, Arabic: جسر شيخ عيسى بن سلمان‎) is a causeway in the Kingdom of Bahrain connecting Busaiteen to the Diplomatic Area, near the Seef area.	Shaikh Isa Causeway	Bahrain
country	Zelenograd was one of the most powerful centers of electronics, microelectronics and computer industry in the Soviet Union, and it still plays a similar role in modern Russia.	Zelenograd	Russia
country	Noonmati (Assamese: নুনমাটি) is located in Guwahati, Assam (in North East India).	Noonmati	India
country	Qatul (Persian: قاطول‎, also Romanized as Qāţūl; also known as Qāţūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Qatul	Iran
country	Zurbatiyah is a city located in Wāsiţ, Iraq and is a busy port of entry from Iran.	Zurbatiyah	Iraq
country	Abubakar Umar Memorial Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gombe, Gombe State, Nigeria.	Abubakar Umar Memorial Stadium	Nigeria
country	Jurkiszki (jurˈkiʂki) (German: Jörkischken, 1938-1945 Jarkental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Jurkiszki	Poland
country	The Kiama Blowhole is a blowhole in the town of Kiama, New South Wales, Australia.	Kiama Blowhole	Australia
country	Biskupiec (bʲisˈkupʲɛt͡s) (German: Bischofsburg ( listen)) is a town in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland.	Biskupiec	Poland
country	Palazzo Abatellis (also known as Palazzo Patella) is a palace in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy, located in the Kalsa quarter.	Palazzo Abatellis	Italy
country	The Makaroro River is a river of the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island.	Makaroro River	New Zealand
country	Farfa Abbey (It.: Abbazia di Farfa) is a territorial abbey in northern Lazio, central Italy.	Farfa Abbey	Italy
country	Ti Rocher is a town on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, near Four Roads Junction, Dubrassay, and Trois Pitons.	Ti Rocher	Saint Lucia
country	Puerto Busch is located in the province of Germán Busch, Santa Cruz Province, republic of Bolivia on the Paraguay River in eastern Bolivia.	Puerto Busch	Bolivia
country	Santa Caterina a Formiello is a church in Naples, in southern Italy, located at the extreme eastern end of the old historic center of the city, on Via Carbonara and Piazza de Nicola Enrico, near the gate called Porta Capuana.	Santa Caterina a Formiello	Italy
country	Szuhogy is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Hungary.	Szuhogy	Hungary
country	Quri Winchus (Quechua quri gold, winchus hummingbird, ``gold hummingbird'', hispanicized spellings Cori Vinchos, Cori-Vinchos, Corivinchos) is an archaeological site with remains of circular buildings of the Wanka period in Peru.	Quri Winchus	Peru
country	The Bundesstraße 2 or B 2 is Germany's longest federal highway, running some 1000 kilometres from the Polish border near Gartz to the Austrian border near Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Bundesstraße 2	Germany
country	Dowghanan (Persian: دوغ نان‎, also Romanized as Dowghanān; also known as Dowghanān-e Pā’īn and Dūghtān) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowghanan	Iran
country	Bassar is a town in Bassar Prefecture, Kara Region in Togo, situated west of Kara.	Bassar	Togo
country	Kukava (pronounced (ˈkuːkaʋa)) is a settlement on the western edge of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Kukava	Slovenia
country	Acacia Bay is a community on a small inlet on the western shores of Tapuaeharuru Bay, Lake Taupo in New Zealand.	Acacia Bay	New Zealand
country	Esfaqansar (Persian: اسفقن سر‎, also Romanized as Esfaqan Sar; also known as Esqafansar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Esfaqansar	Iran
country	Rudranath (Sanskrit: रुद्रनाथ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Shiva, located in the Garhwal Himalayan mountains in Uttarakhand, India.	Rudranath	India
country	The Ichari Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Tons River 13 km (8 mi) north of Dakpathar in Uttarakhand, India.	Ichari Dam	India
country	Pathanamthitta (പത്തനംതിട്ട) is a town and a municipality situated in the Central Travancore region in the state of Kerala, south India, spread over an area of 23.50 km2.	Pathanamthitta	India
country	Sejny (ˈsɛi̯nɨ) (Lithuanian: Seinai) is a town in north-eastern Poland and the capital of Sejny County, in Podlaskie Voivodeship, close to the northern border with Lithuania and Belarus.	Sejny	Poland
country	Chutash-e Yekshanbeh (Persian: چوتاش يكشنبه‎, also Romanized as Chūtāsh-e Yekshanbeh) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chutash-e Yekshanbeh	Iran
country	Gamu-Gofa was a province in the southern part of Ethiopia, named after two of the ethnic groups living within its boundaries, the Gamo and the Goffa.	Gamu-Gofa	Ethiopia
country	The Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy is a professional body of clinical immunologists, allergy specialists and immunology scientists in New Zealand and Australia that aims to ``advance the science and practice of clinical immunology and allergy, by promoting education and the highest standard of ethical medical practice.''	Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy	Australia
country	Mala Kostrevnica (pronounced (ˈmaːla kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsa); German: Kleinkostreinitz) is a settlement immediately southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Mala Kostrevnica	Slovenia
country	Concepción Quezaltepeque is a municipality on the Department of Chalatenango department of El Salvador.	Concepción Quezaltepeque	El Salvador
country	Benazir Bhutto Road, alternatively known as Murree Road (Urdu: مری روڈ), is a major road that runs from Islamabad and Rawalpindi to Murree in Pakistan.	Benazir Bhutto Road	Pakistan
country	Mulshi is an administrative block(Tehsil) in Pune district, which has its name after a small village in the heart of the Mulshi valley in India.	Mulshi	India
country	Hook River is a natural watercourse in the southern Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Hook River	New Zealand
country	Vestmanna (Danish: Vestmannahavn) is a town in the Faroe Islands on the west of the island of Streymoy.	Vestmanna	Faroe Islands
country	Naga Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Naga, Bikol: Palayogan nin Naga) (IATA: WNP, ICAO: RPUN) is an airport serving the city and metropolitan area of Naga, located in the province of Camarines Sur in the Philippines.	Naga Airport	Philippines
country	Toteng is a village in the north west of Botswana, Ngamiland located at 20,22'S 22,56'E. The town is reportedly the location of the oldest ``directly dated evidence of cattle in southern Africa'' .	Toteng	Botswana
country	Aquarium de La Rochelle is a family-owned public aquarium in La Rochelle, France.	Aquarium de La Rochelle	France
country	Barylas (Russian: Барылас; Yakut: Барылас) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Barylassky Rural Okrug of Verkhoyansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 502 kilometers (312 mi) from Batagay, the administrative center of the district.	Barylas	Russia
country	The Jeonju World Cup Stadium was constructed for the 2002 FIFA World Cup which was co-hosted by South Korea and Japan.	Jeonju World Cup Stadium	South Korea	Japan
country	Essien Udim is one of the Annang speaking Local Government Areas in Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria.	Essien Udim	Nigeria
country	The Botanischer Garten in Bad Langensalza is a botanical garden located at Kurpromenade 5b, Bad Langensalza, Thuringia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten in Bad Langensalza	Germany
country	PAF Base Lahore is a non-flying Pakistan Air Force (PAF) base located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	PAF Base Lahore	Pakistan
country	Even its parent company in Rothenburg ob der Tauber is a tourist destination for many tourists from Japan and the USA and a visit to Käthe Wohlfahrt is often included as part of their Germany or European tours.	Käthe Wohlfahrt	Germany
country	Wańtuchy (vaɲˈtuxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wańtuchy	Poland
country	Reuschberg (Spessart) is a hill in the Spessart range, located in the Landkreis Aschaffenburg, part of the Franconia region of Bavaria, Germany.	Reuschberg (Spessart)	Germany
country	Jalan Tun Fuad Stephens or Kota Kinabalu Coastal Highway is a major highway in Kota Kinabalu city, Sabah, Malaysia.	Jalan Tun Fuad Stephens	Malaysia
country	Kandsar-e Shekar Kesh (Persian: كند سر شكر كش‎) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kandsar-e Shekar Kesh	Iran
country	Tierra de Campos (``Land of Fields'') is a large historical and natural region or greater comarca that straddles the provinces of León, Zamora, Valladolid and Palencia, in Castile and León, Spain.	Tierra de Campos	Spain
country	North Watford is an area in the town of Watford, Hertfordshire, in the United Kingdom.	North Watford	United Kingdom
country	Banaruiyeh (Persian: بنارويه‎, also Romanized as Banārū’īyeh, Banarooyeh, Banārū''īyeh, Banārūyeh, and Bonārūyeh; formerly, Fathābād) is a city in and the capital of Banaruiyeh District, in Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Banaruiyeh	Iran
country	The Democratic Party of Republika Srpska (Serbian: Демократска Странка Републике Српске, Demokratska Stranka Republike Srpske) was a Serbian political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Democratic Party of Republika Srpska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Yucatán Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Yucatán), in southeastern Mexico, separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico, with the northern coastline on the Yucatán Channel.	Yucatán Peninsula	Mexico
country	Gare de Saint-Pierre-des-Corps is a railway station serving the town Saint-Pierre-des-Corps and the Tours agglomeration, Indre-et-Loire department, western France.	Gare de Saint-Pierre-des-Corps	France
country	Sant Amand or Puig de Sant Amand is a mountain of Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Amand	Spain
country	Lake Péribonca is a lake in southeastern Quebec, Canada.	Lake Péribonca	Canada
country	Colombo Public Library is the largest public library in Sri Lanka, located in Colombo 07, Sri Lanka.	Colombo Public Library	Sri Lanka
country	En Nahud is a town in the desert of central Sudan.	En Nahud	Sudan
country	Toluca International Airport, officially named Licenciado Adolfo López Mateos International Airport (IATA: TLC, ICAO: MMTO) is an international airport located at Toluca, State of Mexico, Mexico.	Toluca International Airport	Mexico
country	Bastakabad (Persian: بستك اباد‎, also Romanized as Bastakābād) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bastakabad	Iran
country	The Sci-Fi-London Film Festival is one of the few locations in the United Kingdom to consistently screen All-Nighters -- movie marathons, which run throughout the night (with the aid of ice-cream and caffeine drinks).	Sci-Fi-London	United Kingdom
country	Nyons (Occitan: Niom) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Nyons	France
country	The Royal Naval Division Memorial is an outdoor war memorial located in the northwest corner of Horse Guards Parade in London, United Kingdom.	Royal Naval Division Memorial	United Kingdom
country	Kalabougou is a Bambara village on the left bank of the Niger River in the Ségou Region of Mali.	Kalabougou	Mali
country	Błogowo (bwɔˈɡɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Błogowo	Poland
country	Italia metro station is located in Catania in Sicily, southern Italy.	Italia metro station	Italy
country	Dzierzkowice-Podwody (d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈvɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dzierzkowice-Podwody	Poland
country	Bromelton railway station was located on the NSW North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.	Bromelton railway station	Australia
country	The Bürgenstock is a famous mountain in Switzerland (1,115 m above sea level) located in the middle of Lake Lucerne.	Bürgenstock	Switzerland
country	As part of war reparations, which Germany had to pay because it lost World War II, the Bruhrain Railway between Graben-Neudorf and Germersheim was reduced to one track.	Bruhrain Railway	Germany
country	Barikeh (Persian: باريكه‎, also Romanized as Bārīkeh; also known as Bārīkeh-ye Kālīāb) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Barikeh	Iran
country	Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu-ye Qarah Saqqal (Persian: قشلاق اميرخانلوقره سقل‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq Amīr Khānlū-ye Qarah Saqqāl) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, Tazeh Kand District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq Amir Khanlu-ye Qarah Saqqal	Iran
country	The Transfiguration Church in Kovalyovo (Russian: Церковь Спаса на Ковалёве, Tserkov Spasa na Kovalyove) in Novgorodsky District, Novgorod Oblast, Russia, was built around 1345.	Transfiguration Church in Kovalyovo	Russia
country	Lawson Health Research Institute is a large hospital-based research institute located in London, Canada.	Lawson Health Research Institute	Canada
country	The Gulf of Chania is an embayment of the Sea of Crete in the northwestern region of the island of Crete in present day Greece.	Gulf of Chania	Greece
country	Manhartsberg is a low, flat-lying mountain ridge in Lower Austria.	Manhartsberg	Austria
country	The Qom Monorail is a planned 13.5-kilometre (8.4 mi) monorail system in Qom, Iran.	Qom Monorail	Iran
country	Manor house in Podstolice (Polish: Dwór w Podstolicach) - historic manor house in Podstolice, in Września Country, in Greater Poland.	Manor house in Podstolice	Poland
country	Debelets (Bulgarian: Дебелец) is a town in northern Bulgaria, part of Veliko Tarnovo Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province.	Debelets	Bulgaria
country	Schloss Muskau (Muskau palace) is a schloss in the Görlitz district in Saxony, Germany.	Schloss Muskau	Germany
country	Marseille (English pronunciation: /mɑːrˈseɪ/; French: (maʁ.sɛj), locally: (mɑχˈsɛjə); Occitan: Marselha (maʀˈsejɔ, maʀˈsijɔ)), also known as Marseilles in English, is a city in France.	Marseille	France
country	Daejeon Hanbat Sports Complex (Korean: 대전한밭종합운동장) is a sports complex, comprising a multi-purpose stadium (including athletic facilities and a soccer pitch), a ballpark, Basketball courts, tennis courts and various other sports facilities in Daejeon, South Korea.	Daejeon Hanbat Sports Complex	South Korea
country	Liyanagemulla is a town in Sri Lanka lying near the west coast to the south of the of Negombo.	Liyanagemulla	Sri Lanka
country	Auckland Botanic Gardens is a 64-hectare botanical garden in Manurewa, South Auckland, New Zealand, owned by Auckland Council.	Auckland Botanic Gardens	New Zealand
country	Baghdaniyeh (Persian: بغدانيه‎, also Romanized as Baghdānīyeh; also known as Baghdānī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Baghdaniyeh	Iran
country	Darreh-ye Nabati (Persian: دره نباتي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Nabātī; also known as Darreh Tātī and Darreh-ye Tātī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Nabati	Iran
country	Turaida Castle (Latvian: Turaidas pils, German: Treiden, Treyden, Russian: Турайдский замок; meaning Thor's garden in Livonian) is a recently reconstructed medieval castle in Turaida, in the Vidzeme region of Latvia, on the opposite bank of the Gauja River from Sigulda.	Turaida Castle	Latvia
country	The Toquepala mine is a large porphyry copper mine in the Tacna Province, Tacna Department, Peru.	Toquepala mine	Peru
country	Hammeren Hydroelectric Power Station (Norwegian: Hammeren kraftstasjon) is a hydroelectric power station located in Oslo, Norway.	Hammeren Hydroelectric Power Station	Norway
country	The Calumpang River (Filipino: Ilog Calumpang) is a major river in eastern Batangas, Philippines.	Calumpang River	Philippines
country	Labunino (Russian: Лабунино) is a rural locality (a village) in Rybinsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia.	Labunino	Russia
country	Asana River (Río Asana) is a waterway in the Moquegua Region of southern Peru.	Asana River	Peru
country	Jalan Hospital Serdang, Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal road in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Hospital Serdang	Malaysia
country	Marholm is a civil parish in the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.	Marholm	United Kingdom
country	Vrbina (pronounced (ʋəɾˈbiːna)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Vrbina	Slovenia
country	Goślub-Osada (ˈɡɔɕlup ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Goślub-Osada	Poland
country	Woodside Barracks is an Australian Army base located near Inverbrackie and Woodside in South Australia.	Woodside Barracks	Australia
country	As a result of its ownership of the Rostock Heath, Rostock is today one of the five largest communal woodland owners in Germany.	Rostock Heath	Germany
country	Ideato South is a Local Government Area of Imo State, Nigeria.	Ideato South	Nigeria
country	The Bnei Shimon Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית בני שמעון‎, Mo'atza Azorit Bnei Shim'on), is a regional council in the northern Negev in the south of Israel.	Bnei Shimon Regional Council	Israel
country	Sadashivanagar is an upscale residential neighborhood in Bangalore, India.	Sadashivanagar	India
country	Tarhan District (Persian: بخش طرهان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tarhan District	Iran
country	Solaris Urbino 18 is a low-floor articulated version of the Solaris Urbino series buses designed for public transport, produced by the Polish company Solaris Bus & Coach from Bolechowo near Poznań in Poland.	Solaris Urbino 18	Poland
country	Novomyrhorod (Ukrainian: Новомиргород) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast (region) of central Ukraine, in the southern part of the Middle Dnieper area.	Novomyrhorod	Ukraine
country	The A20 autoroute or L'Occitane is a highway through central France.	A20 autoroute	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ebrahim (Persian: مزرعه محمدابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Ebrāhīm) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Ebrahim	Iran
country	As of 2001 India census, Kallakudi (கல்லக்குடி) had a population of 11,625.	Kallakudi	India
country	The district of Belconnen lies entirely within the bounds of the city of Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	Belconnen	Australia
country	The Harper River is a tributary of the Wilberforce River which itself flows into the Rakaia River in New Zealand's Canterbury region.	Harper River	New Zealand
country	Munda Headworks is a headworks on the River Swat in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Munda Headworks	Pakistan
country	Kostrevnica (pronounced (kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsa)) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Kostrevnica	Slovenia
country	The La Merced Market is a traditional public market located in the eastern edge of the historic center of Mexico City and is the largest retail traditional food market in the entire city.	La Merced Market	Mexico
country	The Deutsches Derby is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to three-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies.	Deutsches Derby	Germany
country	Leontio (Greek: Λεόντιο, before 1923: Γουρζούμισα - Gourzoumisa) is a mountain village and a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Leontio	Greece
country	Staje (pronounced (ˈstaːjɛ)) is a settlement west of Ig in central Slovenia.	Staje	Slovenia
country	Sunqu Urqu (Quechua sunqu heart, urqu mountain, ``heart mountain'', hispanicized spelling Soncco Orcco) is a mountain in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru, about 5,191.4 metres (17,032 ft) high.	Sunqu Urqu	Peru
country	Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre named after A. Solovyanenko was established in 1932 in Lugansk on the basis of fit-up theatre of Right-bank Ukraine.	Donetsk State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre named after A. Solovyanenko	Ukraine
country	Morgan v Prince Edward Island (AG), (1976) 2 S.C.R. 349 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on mobility rights, prior to the inclusion of these rights in section 6 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.	Morgan v Prince Edward Island (AG)	Canada
country	Almaty University of Power Engineering and Telecommunications (AIPET)(kaz.Алматы Энергетика және байланыс университеті) is a technical engineering university in Almaty, Kazakhstan.	Almaty University of Power Engineering and Telecommunications	Kazakhstan
country	Boluk-e Gholam (Persian: بلوك غلام‎, also Romanized as Bolūk-e Gholām) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Boluk-e Gholam	Iran
country	Pan de jamón appeared in the beginning of the 20th century and slowly became a tradition in the Christmas season in Venezuela and Madeira.	Pan de jamón	Venezuela
country	Maboko Island is a small island lying in the Winam Gulf of Lake Victoria, in Nyanza Province of western Kenya.	Maboko Island	Kenya
country	Naning is an area in modern-day Malacca, Malaysia and was founded in 1641.	Naning	Malaysia
country	Ghost Mountain is the name given by US Army servicemen in 1942 to a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in the South East of Papua New Guinea, also known locally as 'Suwemalla' or more officially as 'Mt.	Ghost Mountain	Papua New Guinea
country	Gurdim (Persian: گورديم‎, also Romanized as Gūrdīm; also known as Gordīm, Gūdīm, and Kūrdīm) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gurdim	Iran
country	Sana'a University (Arabic: جامعة صنعــاء) was established in 1970 as the first and the primary university in the Yemen Arab Republic (North Yemen), now the Republic of Yemen (see also Aden University).	Sana'a University	Yemen
country	The Sint-Maartenscollege (abbreviated as, and informally SMC) is a state secondary school in Maastricht, the Netherlands.	Sint-Maartenscollege	Netherlands
country	Capurro is a barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo, Uruguay, and part of the Capurro / Bella Vista composite barrio, with Artigas Boulevard separating the two.	Capurro	Uruguay
country	Dunbrody Country House Hotel and Restaurant has been visited by U2 frontman Bono, President of Ireland Mary McAleese and BBC television personality and actor Graham Norton.	Dunbrody Country House Hotel	Ireland
country	Grotki (ˈɡrɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grotki	Poland
country	Villa Chiericati (also known as Villa Chiericati-Rigo) is a villa at Vancimuglio in the Veneto, northern Italy.	Villa Chiericati	Italy
country	Drimnagh (Irish: Droimneach) is a suburb of Dublin, Ireland, situated on the Southside of the county between Walkinstown, Crumlin and Inchicore, bordering the Grand Canal to the north and east.	Drimnagh	Ireland
country	The Pšata (pronounced (ˈpʃaːta); in older sources also Pešata) is a river of Slovenia.	Pšata	Slovenia
country	The East Frisian Geest (German: Ostfriesisch-Oldenburgische Geest) is a natural region major unit group (not quite synonymous with a ``major region of the third level'') in northwest Germany and northwestern Lower Saxony.	East Frisian Geest	Germany
country	German submarine U-219 was a Type XB submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 31 May 1941 at the Germaniawerft yard at Kiel as yard number 625, launched on 6 October 1942, and commissioned on 12 December 1942 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Walter Burghagen.	German submarine U-219	Nazi Germany
country	China Airlines (CAL) (Chinese: 中華航空; pinyin: Zhōnghuá Hángkōng) (TWSE: 2610) is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Republic of China (Taiwan).	China Airlines	Taiwan
country	The Petita River is a river of the Pará state in north--central Brazil.	Petita River	Brazil
country	The Balmer See is the southeastern embayment of the Achterwasser on the island of Usedom off Germany's Baltic coast.	Balmer See	Germany
country	Kodow (Persian: كدو‎, also Romanized as Kādū; also known as Kodo) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kodow	Iran
country	The Surami Pass (ru: Сурамский перевал) is a mountain pass in the Likhi Range of Georgia with an altitude of 949 metres (3,114 ft).	Surami Pass	Georgia
country	Balkh (/bɑːlx/; Persian/Pashto: بلخ Balkh; Bactrian: βαχλο, ẞaxlɔ) was an ancient city and centre of Buddhism, Sufism and Zoroastrianism in what is now northern Afghanistan.	Balkh	Afghanistan
country	Rang Muhallah (also spelled: Rang Mohallah)(Pashto: رنګ محله)is an administrative unit, known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai, of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Rang Muhallah	Pakistan
country	The Smalltown DJs are the duo of Pete Emes and Mike Grimes - based in Calgary, AB, Canada.	Smalltown DJs	Canada
country	Gaznaq (Persian: گزنق‎, also Romanized as Gazanq) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gaznaq	Iran
country	The Alberto Adriani Municipality (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈβerto aˈðɾjani)) is one of the 23 municipalities (municipios) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and, according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 128,222.	Alberto Adriani Municipality	Venezuela
country	The High Country Rail Trail is a 35 kilometre, part-gravel part-sealed rail trail on the northern border of Victoria, Australia.	High Country Rail Trail	Australia
country	Namwala is a town and seat of Namwala District in Southern Province of Zambia.	Namwala	Zambia
country	Mount Vernon Camp, also known as the Gurkha Cantonment, is an establishment of the Singapore Police Force built to house the training and residential facilities of the Gurkha Contingent's Gurkhas and their families.	Mount Vernon Camp	Singapore
country	Stara Sikorska Huta (ˈstara ɕiˈkɔrska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Sikorska Huta	Poland
country	Vercelli Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Vercelli, Cattedrale di Sant'Eusebio) is the principal church of the city of Vercelli in Piedmont, Italy, and the cathedral of the Archdiocese of Vercelli.	Vercelli Cathedral	Italy
country	Théâtre Espace Go (commonly known as Espace Go, French for ``Go Space'') is a theatre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Théâtre Espace Go	Canada
country	Villaguay Aerodrome (IATA: none, ICAO: SAAU) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) west-northwest of Villaguay, Entre Ríos, Argentina.	Villaguay Aerodrome	Argentina
country	Stargard (ˈstarɡart) (German: Stargard in Pommern; Kashubian: Stôrgard) is a city in northwestern Poland, with a population of 71,017 (2005).	Stargard	Poland
country	Snønuten is a mountain in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Snønuten	Norway
country	MRK University is an educational institution in Afghanistan.	MRK University	Afghanistan
country	Oostburg is a town in the south-western Netherlands.	Oostburg	Netherlands
country	Tandil is the main city of the homonymous partido (department), located in Argentina, in the southeast of Buenos Aires Province, just north-northwest of the Tandilia hills.	Tandil	Argentina
country	Sierra de Nava Alta or Sierra de la Nava Alta is a mountain range in the Valdejalón comarca, Aragon, Spain, located west of the A-121 road, between Fuendejalón and Ricla and east of Tierga and Mesones de Isuela.	Sierra de Nava Alta	Spain
country	Kolasib is a district as well as a district headquarters of Kolasib district in Mizoram, India.	Kolasib	India
country	Třebeň (German: Trebendorf) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Třebeň	Czech Republic
country	Modern Pydna is a small town and a former municipality in the northeastern part of Pieria regional unit, Greece.	Pydna	Greece
country	Chavuma Falls is a small waterfall on the Zambezi River in northwestern Zambia close to the border with Angola and the town of Chavuma.	Chavuma Falls	Zambia
country	Mazraeh-ye Nematollah Rah Pima (Persian: مزرعه نعمت اله راهپيما‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ne``matollah Rāh Pīmā) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Nematollah Rah Pima	Iran
country	Yuxarı Oratag (Armenian: Վերին Հորաթաղ, Verin Horatagh) (also Horatagh, Oratagverin, Ortagverin, Verin Horrat’agh and Verin Oratag) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Oratag	Azerbaijan
country	Jalan Jaksa (abbreviated as Jl. Jaksa) is a short street approximately 400 meters long in Central Jakarta, Indonesia.	Jalan Jaksa	Indonesia
country	Thamshavn is a small port village in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Thamshavn	Norway
country	Iranamadu Airport (Tamil: இரணைமடு விமான நிலையம், Sinhalese: ඉරණමඩුව ගුවන්තොටුපළ) is an air force station and domestic airport in Iranamadu in northern Sri Lanka.	Iranamadu Airport	Sri Lanka
country	Lion's Head Provincial Park is a nature reserve in Ontario, Canada, located near the town of Lion's Head on Georgian Bay.	Lion's Head Provincial Park	Canada
country	Dolnji Ajdovec (pronounced (ˈdoːlnji ˈaːi̯dɔʋəts)) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolnji Ajdovec	Slovenia
country	Chahar Bot (Persian: چهاربت‎, also Romanized as Chahār Bot; also known as Chahār Būt) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chahar Bot	Iran
country	The Ministry of Women and Vulnerable Populations of Peru is an organism of the Peruvian government dedicated to affairs related to women and vulnerable populations.	Ministry of Women and Vulnerable Populations	Peru
country	Wyndham College is a government senior secondary school located at Quakers Hill, New South Wales, Australia.	Wyndham College	Australia
country	Lepsze (ˈlɛpʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lepsze	Poland
country	Lucera Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Lucera; Basilica cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta di Lucera; also popularly Santa Maria della Vittoria) is the cathedral of Lucera, Apulia, Italy.	Lucera Cathedral	Italy
country	Synaspismos emerged initially as an electoral coalition at the late 1980s, with the pro-Soviet Communist Party of Greece (KKE) and the Greek Left, one of the successors of the eurocommunist KKE Interior, as its largest constituents.	Synaspismos	Greece
country	Teodelina is a place situated in the General López Department of the Santa Fe Province, Argentina.	Teodelina	Argentina
country	Dramitse (or Dametsi) is a town in the east part of Mongar District, Eastern Bhutan.	Dramitse	Bhutan
country	Stracin or Stratsin (Macedonian: Страцин) is a village in northeastern Republic of Macedonia, in the Kratovo Municipality.	Stracin	Macedonia
country	The Palio di Legnano is a folk event generally held the last Sunday of May in the City Of Legnano, Italy, to recall the Battle of Legnano held on May 29, 1176 by the Lombard League and the Holy Roman Empire of Frederick Barbarossa.	Palio di Legnano	Italy
country	Mizen Head (Irish: Carn Uí Néid), is located at the extremity of a peninsula in the district of Carbery in County Cork, Ireland.	Mizen Head	Ireland
country	Innaarsuit (old spelling: Ivnârssuit) (IATA: IUI) is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Innaarsuit	Greenland
country	Cinemateca do Museu de Arte Moderna is a film archive located in Brazil.	Cinemateca do Museu de Arte Moderna	Brazil
country	Zirjubi (Persian: زيرجوبي‎, also Romanized as Zīrjūbī) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zirjubi	Iran
country	The Nueva Ecija High School or N.E.H.S. is a National High School located on Burgos Avenue in Cabanatuan City, Nueva Ecija, Philippines.	Nueva Ecija High School	Philippines
country	Innisfail Aerodrome (Big Bend Airport), (TC LID: CEM4), is located 3.9 nautical miles (7.2 km; 4.5 mi) northwest of Innisfail, Alberta, Canada.	Innisfail Aerodrome	Canada
country	The University of Turku (in Finnish Turun yliopisto, in Swedish Åbo universitet, shortened in UTU), located in Turku in southwestern Finland (EU), is the second largest university in the country as measured by student enrollment, after University of Helsinki.	University of Turku	Finland
country	Muhos railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Muhos in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in Finland on the Oulu--	Muhos railway station	Finland
country	Zagorica pri Čatežu (pronounced (zaɡɔˈɾiːtsa pɾi ˈtʃaːtɛʒu)) is a small settlement south of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Zagorica pri Čatežu	Slovenia
country	Istanbul Congress Center, shortly ICC, (Turkish: İstanbul Kongre Merkezi) is a convention center located at Harbiye neighborhood of Şişli district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Congress Center	Turkey
country	Mijandi (Persian: ميجندي‎, also Romanized as Mījandī; also known as Mejandeh and Mejandī) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mijandi	Iran
country	The Rudrón Valley (Spanish: Valle del Rudrón) is a valley of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castilla y León, Spain, that borders the autonomous community of Cantabria.	Rudrón Valley	Spain
country	Dianguirdé is a rural commune and small town in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali.	Dianguirdé	Mali
country	Rasos de Peguera is a ski resort located near Berga, in Catalonia(Spain), currently out of service.	Rasos de Peguera	Spain
country	The Macquarie Marshes Nature Reserve is a protected natural wetland reserve that is located within the Macquarie Marshes, in the region along the lower Macquarie River in northwestern New South Wales, Australia.	Macquarie Marshes Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Kortedala is a district, mainly residential (apartment housing), in the north-eastern part of Gothenburg in western Sweden.	Kortedala	Sweden
country	Taraska (taˈraska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Taraska	Poland
country	Haast Aerodrome, (IATA: N/A, ICAO: NZHT) is an aerodrome 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Haast in New Zealand.	Haast Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	In 2008, 63,356 Ayrshire cattle were registered in the United Kingdom.	Ayrshire cattle	United Kingdom
country	The Upper Barrakka Gardens (Maltese: Il-Barrakka ta' Fuq) are a public garden in Valletta, Malta.	Upper Barrakka Gardens	Malta
country	Ihiala is a city in Nigeria, located in the south of the state Anambra, and has long served as the local administrative capital of the zone.	Ihiala	Nigeria
country	The Outram Branch was a branch line railway near Dunedin, Otago that operated from 1877 to 1953 and formed part of New Zealand's national rail network.	Outram Branch	New Zealand
country	Canucks Sports & Entertainment, previously known as Orca Bay Sports & Entertainment, is a sports and entertainment company in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that owns and operates the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League team and their home arena, Rogers Arena.	Canucks Sports & Entertainment	Canada
country	Landing Zone Brace (also known as LZ Brace) is a former U.S. Army landing zone west of Kontum in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Landing Zone Brace	Vietnam
country	Plaintel (Breton: Pleneventer, Gallo: Plentèr) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plaintel	France
country	While the style is believed to have originated in Tuscany, examples of Vin Santo can be found throughout Italy and is an authorised style of wine for several Denominazione di origine controllata (DOCs) and Indicazione geografica tipica (IGTs).	Vin Santo	Italy
country	Kelak-e Olya (Persian: كلاك عليا‎, also Romanized as Kelāk-e ``Olyā; also known as Kelāk-e Bālā) is a village in Owzrud Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 35 families.	Kelak-e Olya	Iran
country	Khangkhui is a Tangkhul Naga village in the North-eastern part of Ukhrul district of Manipur, India.	Khangkhui	India
country	Brusiek (ˈbruɕek) (German Bruschiek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koszęcin, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Brusiek	Poland
country	Vyritsa (Russian: Вырица) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Gatchinsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Oredezh River, southwest of the town of Gatchina.	Vyritsa	Russia
country	The Tuve Church (Swedish: Tuve kyrka) is a medieval church in Gothenburg, western Sweden.	Tuve Church	Sweden
country	Wojnarowa (vɔi̯naˈrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wojnarowa	Poland
country	Pinhead Records distributes merchandising articles and CDs by Earth Crisis, No Fun at All, Agnostic Front and Millencolin in Argentina.	Pinhead Records	Argentina
country	Dhrousha (Greek: Δρούσια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 10 km south of Polis Chrysochous.	Dhrousha	Cyprus
country	Fatherland for All (Patria Para Todos, PPT) is a leftist political party in Venezuela.	Fatherland for All	Venezuela
country	Zaamar (Mongolian: Заамар) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Zaamar	Mongolia
country	Wellsford is a town on the Northland Peninsula in the northern North Island of New Zealand.	Wellsford	New Zealand
country	Sulín (Ukrainian: Сулин, Sulyn) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Sulín	Slovakia
country	Əsgərbəyli (also, Askerbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əsgərbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	The Rusenski Lom (Bulgarian: Русенски Лом) is a river in northeastern Bulgaria, the last major right tributary of the Danube.	Rusenski Lom	Bulgaria
country	The Knarraros lighthouse (Icelandic: Knarrarósviti) is located on the south coast of Iceland.	Knarraros lighthouse	Iceland
country	Marcyporęba (mart͡sɨpɔˈrɛmba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Marcyporęba	Poland
country	Parzyn (ˈpaʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parzyn	Poland
country	Garam-e Pain (Persian: گرم پايين‎, also Romanized as Gāram-e Pā’īn; also known as Gāram) is a village in Faryab Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Garam-e Pain	Iran
country	Ghayl Ba Wazir (or Gjail Ba Wazir) is a village in eastern Yemen.	Ghayl Ba Wazir	Yemen
country	Junčje (pronounced (ˈjuːntʃjɛ)) is a small settlement north of the village of Sveti Gregor in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Junčje	Slovenia
country	Kissos (Greek: Κισσός) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Mouresi, in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece.	Kissos	Greece
country	The Silhouette (founded circa 1930 or 1931) is a student newspaper at McMaster University, located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	The Silhouette	Canada
country	Giác Lâm Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Giác Lâm; chữ Hán: 覺林寺, Giác Lâm tự) is a historic Buddhist pagoda in Ho Chi Minh City, the largest city in Vietnam.	Giác Lâm Pagoda	Vietnam
country	Cremorne railway station was an inner suburban station in Melbourne, Australia.	Cremorne railway station	Australia
country	Yermekeyevo (Russian: Ермекеево) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Yermekeyevsky District in Bashkortostan, Russia.	Yermekeyevo	Russia
country	Tønsberg Fortress (Tunsberg festning) was a medieval fortress, located in Tønsberg, Norway which was defended by the fortress for over 300 years.	Tønsberg Fortress	Norway
country	Tarija or San Bernardo de la Frontera de Tarixa is a city in southern Bolivia.	Tarija	Bolivia
country	Erquy (Breton: Erge-ar-Mor, Gallo: Erqi) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Erquy	France
country	Duz Aghol (Persian: دوزاغل‎, also Romanized as Dūz Āghol and Dūz Āghel; also known as Dooz Aghlī, Duzagal, and Dūz Āghlī) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Duz Aghol	Iran
country	Fraserburg is a town in the Karoo region of South Africa's Northern Cape province.	Fraserburg	South Africa
country	The Schunk Group is a company headquartered in Germany.	Schunk Group	Germany
country	Vogue Towers is situated in Lahore, Pakistan on M. M. Alam Road.	Vogue Towers	Pakistan
country	Gorenja Vas pri Polici (pronounced (gɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi pɔˈliːtsi); Slovene: Gorenja vas pri Polici, German: Oberdorf) is a small settlement in the hills north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Gorenja Vas pri Polici	Slovenia
country	Nowy Strachocin (ˈnɔvɨ straˈxɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Strachocin	Poland
country	Ocean View Beach is a private beach located in Runaway Bay in St Ann, Jamaica.	Ocean View Beach	Jamaica
country	Perak River (Malay: Sungai Perak; سوڠاي ڤيرق) is the second longest river in Peninsular Malaysia after Pahang River in Pahang, Malaysia.	Perak River	Malaysia
country	Westfield Riccarton, (also known by its former name Riccarton Mall), is a large retail complex located in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Riccarton.	Westfield Riccarton	New Zealand
country	The McPherson Playhouse, known as The Mac, is a theatre and concert hall in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	McPherson Playhouse	Canada
country	The 1976 Belgian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Zolder, near Heusden-Zolder in Belgium on May 16, 1976.	1976 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	Thilas (or tjilas, Djilas Tilas, etc.) was an ancient title of nobility used in the Serer pre-colonial Kingdoms of Sine, Saloum and previously the Kingdom of Baol, which are all now part of modern-day Senegal.	Thilas	Senegal
country	Drawno (ˈdravnɔ) (German: Neuwedell; Kashubian: Nowi Wedel) is a town in Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,425 inhabitants (2004).	Drawno	Poland
country	Žitomislić (Serbian: Житомислић) is а Serbian Orthodox monastery located near Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žitomislić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gowd-e Kalur (Persian: گودكلور‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Kalūr) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Kalur	Iran
country	Magway Region (Magwe Region Burmese: မကွေးတိုင်းဒေသကြီး, pronounced: (məɡwé táiɴ dèθa̰ dʑí), formerly Magway Division) is an administrative division in central Myanmar.	Magway Region	Myanmar
country	Sakskøbing is a town with a population of 4,519 (1 January 2015) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Guldborgsund municipality in Region Sjælland on the northeast coast of the island of Lolland in south Denmark.	Sakskøbing	Denmark
country	The Garraf Massif (Catalan: Massís del Garraf, IPA: (məˈsiz ðəɫ ɣəˈraf)) is a mountain range of the Catalan Coastal Range, Catalonia, Spain.	Garraf Massif	Spain
country	The Kampar railway station is a Malaysia train station located and named after the town of Kampar, Perak.	Kampar railway station	Malaysia
country	Bóbr Mały is a river of Poland, a short tributary of the Bóbr.	Bóbr Mały	Poland
country	Luka nad Jihlavou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈluka ˈnadjɪɦlavou̯)) is a market town in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Luka nad Jihlavou	Czech Republic
country	The Worms Synagogue, also known as Rashi Shul, is an 11th-century synagogue located in Worms, Germany.	Worms Synagogue	Germany
country	Gammel Kongevej (literally ``Old King's Road) is the principal shopping street of Frederiksberg in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Gammel Kongevej	Denmark
country	Anush Mahalleh-ye Jow Kandan (Persian: انوش محله جوكندان‎, also Romanized as Anūsh Maḩalleh-ye Jow Kandān; also known as Alūsh Maḩalleh, Anūsh Maḩalleh, and Khvājeh Karī) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anush Mahalleh-ye Jow Kandan	Iran
country	The Federation of Green Youth and Students (Vihreiden nuorten ja opiskelijoiden liitto ry (ViNO) in Finnish or De gröna unga och studerandenas förbund in Swedish) is a political youth organization in Finland.	Federation of Green Youth and Students	Finland
country	Bakoumba is a town in south eastern Gabon with a population of around 2,500 - 3000 people.	Bakoumba	Gabon
country	Ak Bolak is a village in Afghanistan, located at the east end of the Lataband Pass.	Ak Bolak	Afghanistan
country	On 7 July 2010 it was announced that Chester Rows were being considered as an applicant for the new United Kingdom Tentative List for World Heritage status by the Department of Culture Media and Sport.	Chester Rows	United Kingdom
country	María Cristina Bridge (Basque: Maria Kristina zubia, Spanish: Puente de María Cristina) is a bridge over the Urumea river passing through the Basque city of San Sebastián (Spain).	María Cristina Bridge	Spain
country	Playa de Santa Bárbara is a beach in the municipality of La Línea de la Concepción, in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain, located to the north of Gibraltar.	Playa de Santa Bárbara	Spain
country	The Parkdale Deanery in the Anglican Diocese of Toronto is a group of seven Anglican Churches in downtown Toronto, Canada.	Parkdale Deanery	Canada
country	The African Banks are the uninhabited northernmost islands of the Amirantes group, of the Outer Islands of the Republic of Seychelles, in the western Indian Ocean.	African Banks	Seychelles
country	Serdang Hospital is a government-funded multi-specialty hospital located in the district of Sepang in the state of Selangor, Malaysia.	Serdang Hospital	Malaysia
country	Chukha District (Dzongkhag: ཆུ་ཁ་རྫོང་ཁག་; Wylie: Chu-kha rdzong-khag; also spelled ``Chhukha'') is one of the 20 dzongkhag (districts) comprising Bhutan.	Chukha District	Bhutan
country	Breitenau concentration camp was established in June 1933 in Germany.	Breitenau concentration camp	Germany
country	Compas (Haitian Creole: konpa), or kompa, is a modern méringue musical genre in Haiti with European and African roots.	Compas	Haiti
country	The Manx runestones were made by the Norse population on the Isle of Man during the Viking Age, mostly in the 10th century.	Manx runestones	Isle of Man
country	Burrinjuck Dam is a major gated concrete-walled gravity dam with three spillways across the Murrumbidgee River located in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.	Burrinjuck Dam	Australia
country	Joseph Brant Hospital stands on part of the land bought for him by Upper Canada's Lieutenant Governor, John Graves Simcoe.	Joseph Brant Hospital	Canada
country	The San Rafael Glacier is one of the major outlet glaciers of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field in southern Chile and is the tidewater glacier nearest the equator.	San Rafael Glacier	Chile
country	Sierra del Merendón is a mountain range extending on the eastern border of Guatemala and Honduras.	Sierra del Merendón	Guatemala	Honduras
country	Frankston Park is a regional Australian rules football ground located in Frankston, Victoria, in Australia.	Frankston Park	Australia
country	The Al-Muktafi Billah Shah Mosque (Malay: Masjid Al-Muktafi Billah Shah or Masjid Ladang) is the modern royal mosque of Terengganu, Malaysia.	Al-Muktafi Billah Shah Mosque	Malaysia
country	The Angang Sewage Disposal Plant is a sewage treatment plant located in the city of Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Angang Sewage Disposal Plant	South Korea
country	Masjed-e Qabaqi (Persian: مسجدقباقي‎, also Romanized as Masjed-e Qabāqī) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Masjed-e Qabaqi	Iran
country	Surabaya Zoo (Indonesian Kebon Binatang Surabaya or KBS), also known as Bonbin (abbreviation of Kebon Binatang, Indonesian for ``zoo''), is a 15-hectare (37-acre) zoo located in the city of Surabaya in East Java, Indonesia.	Surabaya Zoo	Indonesia
country	Funky Elephant is an annual springtime music festival in Helsinki, Finland.	Funky Elephant	Finland
country	The United States Studies Centre is located at the University of Sydney, and aims to increase understanding of the United States in Australia.	United States Studies Centre	Australia
country	The Sheila A. Egoff Children's Literature Prize is awarded annually as the BC Book Prize for the best juvenile or young adult novel or work of non-fiction by a resident of British Columbia or the Yukon, Canada.	Sheila A. Egoff Children's Literature Prize	Canada
country	Ituni is a town in the interior of Guyana, at an altitude of 100 metres (331 feet).	Ituni	Guyana
country	Kalkfontein Dam is a rockfill type dam located on the Riet River, near Koffiefontein, Free State, South Africa.	Kalkfontein Dam	South Africa
country	Ramavandi-ye Sofla (Persian: رماوندي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ramāvandī-ye Soflá; also known as Ramāvand-e Soflá) is a village in Suri Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ramavandi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	FK Rudar Pljevlja (commonly known as FK Rudar or simply Rudar) is a football club based in Pljevlja, Montenegro.	FK Rudar Pljevlja	Montenegro
country	Črniče (pronounced (tʃəɾˈniːtʃɛ); Italian: Cernizza Goriziana) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Črniče	Slovenia
country	Herenthout (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦeːrəntɦʌu̯t)) is a municipality located in the province of Antwerp in Belgium.	Herenthout	Belgium
country	Bason Botanic Gardens are located in Whanganui in the Manawatu District of New Zealand.	Bason Botanic Gardens	New Zealand
country	Council House 2 (also known as CH2), is an office building located at 240 Little Collins Street in the CBD of Melbourne, Australia.	Council House 2	Australia
country	The River Shannon (Irish: Abha na Sionainne / an tSionainn / an tSionna) is the longest river in Ireland at 360.5 km (224 miles).	River Shannon	Ireland
country	Narva (Russian: Нарва) is the third largest city in Estonia.	Narva	Estonia
country	To avoid possible confusion, the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) recommended Sheer Point for the feature described here.	Sheer Point	United Kingdom
country	Gielnia (ˈɡʲɛlɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gielnia	Poland
country	Kahnuj (Persian: كهنوج‎, also Romanized as Kahnūj) is a city in and the capital of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahnuj	Iran
country	Lake Nabugabo is a small freshwater lake in Uganda.	Lake Nabugabo	Uganda
country	Kahriz Siyah Mansur (Persian: كهريزسياه منصور‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz Sīyāh Mansūr and Kahrīz Sīāh Mansūr; also known as Kahrīz and Nahrīz) is a village in Ijrud-e Pain Rural District, Halab District, Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kahriz Siyah Mansur	Iran
country	Juozapinė Hill is a hill located near Vilnius, formerly regarded as the highest point in Lithuania.	Juozapinė Hill	Lithuania
country	Wuxi County (Chinese: 巫溪县; pinyin: Wūxī xiàn) is a county of Chongqing Municipality, People's Republic of China.	Wuxi County	People's Republic of China
country	Amaroni (Greek: Amaronoi) is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Amaroni	Italy
country	The Bolečica (Serbian Cyrillic: Болечица) is a short river in north-central Serbia, a 12 km-long right tributary to the Danube.	Bolečica	Serbia
country	Velike Vodenice (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɛ ʋɔdɛˈniːtsɛ); German: Großwodenitz) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Velike Vodenice	Slovenia
country	Sheshdeh (Persian: ششده‎, also Romanized as Shash Deh, Shesh Deh, and Shish Deh) is a city in and the capital of Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, in Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sheshdeh	Iran
country	The Futtsu Power Station (富津火力発電所) is the second largest gas-fired power station in the world, located in Futtsu, Japan.	Futtsu Power Station	Japan
country	Bustonqala (Persian: بستان‌قلعه‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Bustonqala	Tajikistan
country	İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall (Turkish: İzmir Halkapınar Spor Salonu) is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Halkapınar neighborhood of İzmir, Turkey.	İzmir Halkapınar Sport Hall	Turkey
country	The LGV Picardie is a proposed high-speed railway line running between Paris and Calais, via Amiens, in France.	LGV Picardie	France
country	Niewstąp (ˈɲefstɔmp) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niewstąp	Poland
country	Belfort Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Christophe de Belfort) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Belfort, and has been a national monument of France since 1930.	Belfort Cathedral	France
country	Cırkənd is a village in the municipality of Bığır in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cırkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Chionata (Greek: Χιονάτα) is a village and a community in the southeastern part of the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Chionata	Greece
country	Chassin is a town in the Babonneau region of the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia.	Chassin	Saint Lucia
country	Sard Khaneh-ye Nasim Alizadeh (Persian: سرد خانه نسيم عليزاده‎, also Romanized as Sard Khāneh-ye Nasīm ʿAlīzādeh) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sard Khaneh-ye Nasim Alizadeh	Iran
country	Khajeh Mask (Persian: خواجه مسک ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khajeh Mask	Iran
country	Daugavpils District (Latvian: Daugavpils rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Latgale region, in the country's south-east.	Daugavpils District	Latvia
country	It has its source on the glacier Skeiðarárjökull, one of the southern arms of the Vatnajökull in the south of Iceland.	Skeiðará	Iceland
country	Velivar (Albanian: Mali i Velivarit, Macedonian: Веливар, Velivar) is a mountain peak found between the two Balkan countries of Albania and Macedonia.	Velivar	Albania
country	The Ia Drang Valley is a valley located about 32 miles south west of Pleiku in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	Ia Drang Valley	Vietnam
country	CSI College of Engineering (CSICE), Nilgiris is a self-financing engineering college situated in the Ketti Valley of Tamil Nadu, India.	CSI College of Engineering	India
country	Mamuniyeh (Persian: مامونيه‎, also Romanized as Ma’mūnīyeh) is a city in and the capital of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mamuniyeh	Iran
country	Strumica Fortress also known as the Czar's Towers is a ruined fortress in eastern Macedonia.	Strumica Fortress	Macedonia
country	In Canada, every federally regulated financial institution is required by law to have a Complaint Handling Process (CHP), a document outlining the process that the financial institution makes available to consumers who wish to lodge a complaint.	Complaint Handling Process	Canada
country	Lincoln Sea is a body of water in the Arctic Ocean, stretching from Cape Columbia, Canada, in the west to Cape Morris Jesup, Greenland, in the east.	Lincoln Sea	Greenland
country	The University of Karachi (Urdu: جامعۂ كراچى‎; or KU) is a public research university located in the neighborhood of Gulshan-e-Iqbal of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	University of Karachi	Pakistan
country	Souk Ahras (Berber: Suq Ahras or Tagast; ancient name: Thagast; Arabic: سوق أهراس‎) is a municipality in Algeria.	Souk Ahras	Algeria
country	Daulatpur Safan is a Union Council of Qazi Ahmed Taluka, Shaheed Benazir Abad District, Sindh province, Benazirabad (Old: Nawabshah), Pakistan.	Daulatpur Safan	Pakistan
country	Pyay District (Burmese: ပြည်ခရိုင်) is a district of the Bago Region in central Burma (Myanmar).	Pyay District	Myanmar
country	Łobżenica (wɔbʐɛˈɲit͡sa) (German: Lobsens) is a town in Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,211 inhabitants (2004).	Łobżenica	Poland
country	The Sepang International Circuit (Malay: Litar Antarabangsa Sepang) is a motorsport race track in Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia.	Sepang International Circuit	Malaysia
country	The Yakweakwioose First Nation or Yakweakwioose Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region at Sardis, near Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Yakweakwioose First Nation	Canada
country	Michałowo-Kolonia (mixaˈwɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Michałowo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Borjomi (Georgian: ბორჯომი) is a resort town in south-central Georgia with a population estimated at 14,445.	Borjomi	Georgia
country	The Głogów Głęboki-Przemysłowy mine (Deep Głogów) is a large mine in the west of Poland in Polkowice, Polkowice County, 350 km south-west of the capital, Warsaw.	Głogów Głęboki-Przemysłowy mine	Poland
country	Dolenjske Toplice (pronounced (dɔˈleːnskɛ tɔˈpliːtsɛ); German: Töplitz) is a settlement near Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia and is the seat of the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice.	Dolenjske Toplice	Slovenia
country	Minto Park is a park in downtown Ottawa, Canada.	Minto Park	Canada
country	Cestos is a settlement in Rivercess County in central Liberia.	Cestos	Liberia
country	Maku County (Persian: شهرستان ماکو‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Maku County	Iran
country	Navas del Pinar is a village, smaller local authority or parish in the municipality of Hontoria del Pinar, situated southeast of the province of Burgos, and belongs to the Community of Castilla y León (Spain).	Navas del Pinar	Spain
country	Al-Busayrah (Arabic: البصيرة‎) is a town in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate.	Al-Busayrah	Syria
country	Kiun (Persian: كيون‎, also Romanized as Kīūn; also known as Kīān) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kiun	Iran
country	Park Place Mall or Park Place Shopping Centre, is a shopping mall in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Park Place Mall	Canada
country	Zulfiqarabad (Urdu: ذُوالفقارآباد‎), is a proposed new city in Thatta District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Zulfiqarabad	Pakistan
country	Nevşehir Kapadokya Airport (IATA: NAV, ICAO: LTAZ) is an airport 30 km (19 mi) from Nevşehir, Turkey, opened in 1998.	Nevşehir Kapadokya Airport	Turkey
country	The Gamilaroi Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve, part of the southern Brigalow Belt, that is located in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Gamilaroi Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Leger (The Research Intelligence Group) is the largest Canadian-owned polling, research and strategic marketing firm with over 900 employees in Montreal, Quebec City, Toronto, Edmonton and Calgary in Canada, Philadelphia in the United States, as well as Zurich in Switzerland.	Leger (The Research Intelligence Group)	Canada
country	Jeoldu-san (Korean: 절두산, Hanja: 切頭山) (lit. beheading mountain) is a rocky promontory overlooking the Han River in the district of Mapo-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Jeoldu-san	South Korea
country	Chahar Qaleh-ye Olya (Persian: چهارقلعه عليا‎, also Romanized as Chahār Qal``eh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 14 families.	Chahar Qaleh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Invivo Wines is a winery based in New Zealand.	Invivo Wines	New Zealand
country	Ørland Church (Norwegian: Ørland kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ørland Church	Norway
country	The Electoral district of Mount Hawthorn was a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia.	Electoral district of Mount Hawthorn	Australia
country	Mission Pass is a historic mountain pass in the Bridge River-Lillooet Country of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada, around 20 km (12 mi) west of Lillooet, towards the west end of Seton Lake.	Mission Pass	Canada
country	Nayman is an urban-type settlement in Nookat District, Osh Region, southwestern Kyrgyzstan.	Nayman	Kyrgyzstan
country	The name of the Wolgan Valley is derived from ``wolga'', a local Australian Aboriginal language name for the climbing plant, Clematis aristata, found in coastal regions of the South-East states of Australia.	Wolgan Valley	Australia
country	Šalčininkai District Municipality (Lithuanian: Šalčininkų rajonas, Polish: Gmina rejonowa Soleczniki) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.	Šalčininkai District Municipality	Lithuania
country	Lansdowne House Airport, (IATA: YLH, ICAO: CYLH), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) southwest of the First Nations community of Neskantaga (Lansdowne House), Ontario, Canada.	Lansdowne House Airport	Canada
country	Englisberg is a village in the district of Seftigen in Canton Bern, Switzerland.	Englisberg	Switzerland
country	Polšeče (pronounced (pɔu̯ˈʃeːtʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Polšeče	Slovenia
country	Friedrich-Ebert-Halle is an indoor arena located in Ludwigshafen, Germany, which can accommodate 2,250 guests.	Friedrich-Ebert-Halle	Germany
country	Bolbar (Persian: بلبر‎) is a village in Shalyar Rural District, Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bolbar	Iran
country	University of Arusha (UoA) is a chartered private Christian university based in Usa River, Tanzania.	University of Arusha	Tanzania
country	Kandarodai (Tamil: கந்தரோடை, Kadiramalai Tamil: கதிரமலை or Kandurugoda - literal Sinhala translation of Kadiramalai Sinhalese: කදුරුගොඩ) a small hamlet and archaeological site of Chunnakam town is a suburb in Jaffna District, Sri Lanka.	Kandarodai	Sri Lanka
country	Streda nad Bodrogom (Hungarian: Bodrogszerdahely) is a village in Slovakia near Trebišov in the Košice Region.	Streda nad Bodrogom	Slovakia
country	Agomani (Pron:Agomani) (Assamese: আগমনী) is a small town area of Dhubri district (Assam) India.	Agomani	India
country	Do Khanvari (Persian: دوخانواري‎, also Romanized as Do Khānvārī) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Do Khanvari	Iran
country	Since December 2004, the Costa da Caparica has been designated as city within the urban hierarchy of Portugal.	Costa da Caparica	Portugal
country	Muonio (previously called Muonionniska, Northern Sami: Muoná) is a municipality of Finland.	Muonio	Finland
country	Salim Beyg (Persian: سليم بيگ‎, also Romanized as Salīm Beyg) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Salim Beyg	Iran
country	Kud Zuru (Persian: كود زورو‎, also Romanized as Kūd Zūrū) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kud Zuru	Iran
country	Mosolotshane is a village in Central District of Botswana.	Mosolotshane	Botswana
country	Zagojiči (pronounced (zaɡɔˈjiːtʃi)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia.	Zagojiči	Slovenia
country	The Tampere railway station is a functionalist building in Tampere, Finland, designed by Eero Seppälä and Otto Flodin, completed in 1936.	Tampere railway station	Finland
country	Echedoros (Greek: Εχέδωρος) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Echedoros	Greece
country	Poljane pri Štjaku (pronounced (pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈʃtjaːku)) is a small settlement southeast of Štjak in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Poljane pri Štjaku	Slovenia
country	Byrum's raukar are a geological formation of a group of stacks (Swedish: raukar) on the western shore in the north of Öland, Sweden (an island on the Kalmar Strait) near the village of Byrum.	Byrum's raukar	Sweden
country	Barbara Hanley, the first woman ever elected mayor of a community in Canada, was born in Magnetawan in 1882.	Magnetawan	Canada
country	The Natural History Museum at the University of Oslo (Norwegian: Naturhistorisk museum, NHM) is Norway's oldest and largest museum of natural history, situated in Oslo.	Natural History Museum at the University of Oslo	Norway
country	Qermezi Dash-e Anbar (Persian: قرمزي داش انبار‎, also Romanized as Qermezī Dāsh-e Anbār; also known as Qermezdāsh and Qermezdāsh-e Chāldorān) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qermezi Dash-e Anbar	Iran
country	Trou au Natron is a volcano in the nation of Chad in Northern Africa.	Trou au Natron	Chad
country	Submarine 1922 submarine volcano was found in 1922 after a series of underwater earthquakes that started in 1912, in the Sangihe Islands of Indonesia.	Submarine 1922	Indonesia
country	L'Avenue de Champagne (The Champagne Avenue) is a famous street located in Épernay, the 'Capital of champagne', in the Champagne-Ardenne Région of France.	Avenue de Champagne	France
country	Navas de San Juan is a Spanish village of the province of province of Jaén, Spain.	Navas de San Juan	Spain
country	Karlshrue College is an English language school in Colombo, Sri Lanka, located at Karlshrue Place, Colombo.	Karlshrue College	Sri Lanka
country	The Rubenids (Armenian: Ռուբինեաններ) or Roupenids were an Armenian dynasty who dominated parts of Cilicia, and who established the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia.	Rubenids	Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia
country	Perumpoondi is a village located in the Ginee taluk Viluppuram district of Tamil Nadu,India, It is located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Ginee and 32 kilometres (20 mi) from Tindivanam and a part of people in this village are called as Paniyammudu.	Perumpoondi	India
country	The Gerald Durrell Endemic Wildlife Sanctuary is an animal sanctuary founded in 1984, in Western Mauritius.	Gerald Durrell Endemic Wildlife Sanctuary	Mauritius
country	Until 1 January 2007, Helsinge was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Frederiksborg County on the north coast of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in eastern Denmark.	Helsinge	Denmark
country	Silsean (Irish: Soillsean, meaning ``Place of Lights'') is a mountain in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Silsean	Ireland
country	Nəcafalı (also, Nadzhafalylar and Nadzhafali) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nəcafalı	Azerbaijan
country	Hyderabad Junction railway station (Urdu: حیدرآباد جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in the city of Hyderabad, Sindh province of Pakistan.	Hyderabad Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Floß is a municipality in the district of Neustadt (Waldnaab) in Bavaria in Germany, Europe.	Floß	Germany
country	Newfound Gap (el. 5048 ft./1539 m.) is a mountain pass located near the center of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park of the southern Appalachian Mountains in the United States of America.	Newfound Gap	United States of America
country	Nordkjosbotn Church (Norwegian: Nordkjosbotn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county, Norway.	Nordkjosbotn Church	Norway
country	The Yermakovsky mine is one of the largest beryllium mines in Russia.	Yermakovsky mine	Russia
country	Guanacaste Waldorf School is a bilingual (English/Spanish), international K-6 school in Canafistula, Costa Rica.	Guanacaste Waldorf School	Costa Rica
country	Albuquerque tile factory is a tile factory located currently at Hoige Bazaar, Bolar, Mangalore, Karnataka, India.	Albuquerque tile factory	India
country	Ağtəpə (also, Agtepe) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağtəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Winterveld is a large town in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	Winterveld	South Africa
country	Monipur High School & College বাংলায়ঃ মনিপুর উচ্চবিদ্যালয় ও কলেজ is a secondary school & college located in Mirpur, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Monipur High School	Bangladesh
country	The Hume Highway, inclusive of the sections now known as the Hume Freeway and Hume Motorway, is one of Australia's major inter-city highways, running for 807 kilometres (501 mi) between Melbourne and Sydney.	Hume Highway	Australia
country	The Museum of Tropical Queensland (abbreviated MTQ) is a museum of natural history, archaeology and history located in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Museum of Tropical Queensland	Australia
country	Verrès Castle (Italian: Castello di Verrès, French: Château de Verrès) is a fortified 14th-century castle in Verrès, in the lower Aosta Valley, in north-western Italy.	Verrès Castle	Italy
country	Wytyczno (vɨˈtɨt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wytyczno	Poland
country	Zargar-e Olya (Persian: زرگرعليا‎, also Romanized as Zargar-e ``Olyā) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.	Zargar-e Olya	Iran
country	Golubie Wężewskie (ɡɔˈlubjɛ vɛ̃ˈʐɛfskʲɛ) (German: Groß Gollubien, Gollubien; from 1934-45 Friedberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Golubie Wężewskie	Poland
country	Naulakha Bazaar (Punjabi, Urdu: نولکھا بازار‎) is Bazaar (market) located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Naulakha Bazaar	Pakistan
country	Dieren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdiːrə(n))) is a town in the eastern Netherlands.	Dieren	Netherlands
country	Shib Ju (Persian: شيب جو‎, also Romanized as Shīb Jū) is a village in Ashar Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shib Ju	Iran
country	Mariahout is a small village located in the province of North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands, about 20 kilometers northeast of Eindhoven.	Mariahout	Netherlands
country	Nadwiślanka (nadviˈɕlaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nadwiślanka	Poland
country	Agua Buena Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Agua Buena, ICAO: SCKO) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres (10 mi) east-southeast of Collipulli, La Araucanía, Chile.	Agua Buena Airport	Chile
country	Dunakiliti is a village of about 2000 people in the Győr-Moson-Sopron county of Hungary.	Dunakiliti	Hungary
country	Malijan-e Bala (Persian: مليجان بالا‎, also Romanized as Malījān-e Bālā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Malijan-e Bala	Iran
country	The Tonsley railway line is a suburban commuter line in Adelaide, South Australia that stems off the Seaford line to end in Mitchell Park opposite Science Park and close to the Flinders University and the Flinders Medical Centre.	Tonsley railway line	Australia
country	Khon Kaen Sugar (KSL) is a sugar-manufacturing company based in Thailand.	Khon Kaen Sugar	Thailand
country	Dutchflyer is the name given in the UK to an integrated passenger service between the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.	Dutchflyer	Netherlands
country	The Kobine festival is celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Akropong in the Eastern region of Ghana.	Kobine festival	Ghana
country	Tirsuli is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Pithoragarh district of Kumaon Uttarakhand, India.	Tirsuli	India
country	Sytykhiv (Ukrainian: Ситихів; Polish: Sieciechów) is a village in the Zhovkivskyi Raion (district) of Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Sytykhiv	Ukraine
country	The Chelkou Game Reserve is a game reserve established in 1939 in South Sudan.	Chelkou Game Reserve	South Sudan
country	Baybay Elementary School is a public school in Barangay Baybay, Tangalan, Aklan, Philippines.	Baybay Elementary School	Philippines
country	Coiba separated from continental Panama about 12,000 to 18,000 years ago when sea levels rose.	Coiba	Panama
country	Whiteswan Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Kootenay Ranges of the Rocky Mountains, 22 km east of Canal Flats.	Whiteswan Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Džini Beg (Albanian: Tërepeznica; Macedonian: Џини Бег) is a peak in the Šar Mountains found on the boundary between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.	Džini Beg	Kosovo
country	Niedośpielin (ɲɛdɔɕˈpjɛlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niedośpielin	Poland
country	Sakunothayan Arboretum (Thai: สวนรุกขชาติสกุโณทยาน) is an arboretum in Wang Thong district, Phitsanulok Province, northern Thailand.	Sakunothayan Arboretum	Thailand
country	Brezovica pri Črmošnjicah (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi tʃəɾmɔˈʃnjiːtsax); formerly Brezje; German: Wrezen, Wretzen, Gottscheerish: Brezə) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Brezovica pri Črmošnjicah	Slovenia
country	In 1882, after a lengthy general strike, La Boca seceded from Argentina, and the rebels raised the Genoese flag, which was immediately torn down personally by then President Julio Argentino Roca.	La Boca	Argentina
country	Moscow State Linguistic University (Russian: Московский государственный лингвистический университет, МГЛУ), previously known as Maurice Thorez Moscow State Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages (Russian: Московский государственный педагогический институт иностранных языков имени Мориса Тореза, МГПИИЯ им. Мориса Тореза and still often referred to as InYaz) is a university in Moscow, Russia.	Moscow State Linguistic University	Russia
country	Gerami (Persian: گرامي‎, also Romanized as Gerāmī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerami	Iran
country	Highlight Towers is a twin tower office skyscraper complex completed in 2004 in Munich, Germany.	Highlight Towers	Germany
country	Petite-Rivière-Saint-François is a municipality in Quebec, Canada, along the Saint Lawrence River.	Petite-Rivière-Saint-François	Canada
country	Nederlands met Gebaren (NmG), or Signed Dutch, is a manually coded form of Dutch, using the signs of Dutch Sign Language, that is used for pedagogical purposes in the Netherlands.	Signed Dutch	Netherlands
country	South Rhodes (Greek: Νότια Ρόδος - Nótia Ródos) is a former municipality on the island of Rhodes, in the Dodecanese, Greece.	South Rhodes	Greece
country	Alaba Kulito (also known as Kulito or Kuliito) is a town in southern Ethiopia.	Alaba Kulito	Ethiopia
country	Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.	Nickelback	Canada
country	The Taita Hills, sometimes also spelled as Teita Hills, are a precambrian mountain range located in the Taita-Taveta County in the south-eastern Kenya.	Taita Hills	Kenya
country	The Tour de Nesle Affair was a scandal amongst the French royal family in 1314, during which the three daughters-in-law of King Philip IV of France were accused of adultery, the accusations apparently started by Philip's only daughter, Isabella, Queen of England.	Tour de Nesle Affair	France
country	Phu Pha Man National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติภูผาม่าน) is a national park in Thailand's Khon Kaen and Loei provinces.	Phu Pha Man National Park	Thailand
country	Skrońsko (ˈskrɔɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Skrońsko	Poland
country	Yekmaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: يكماله سفلي‎, also romanized as Yekmāleh-ye Soflá; also known as Yekmāleh and Yekmāleh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yekmaleh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Tudor Museum (French: Musée Tudor), also known as Rosport Castle (French: Château de Rosport, Luxembourgish: Schlass vu Rouspert), is located in the little town of Rosport (Luxembourgish: Rouspert) in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Tudor Museum	Luxembourg
country	No. 18 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) radar station formed at Richmond, New South Wales, Australia on 1 April 1942.	No. 18 Radar Station RAAF	Australia
country	Kostoľany nad Hornádom is a village and municipality of Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia, about 10 km north of the city of Košice.	Kostoľany nad Hornádom	Slovakia
country	Stare Uściany (ˈstarɛ uɕˈt͡ɕanɨ) (German: Alt Uszanny; 1905-1945: Grünheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Uściany	Poland
country	Kazaly (Kazakh: Қазалы; Russian: Казалинск or Kazalinsk) is a town in Kazaly District of Kyzylorda Region in Kazakhstan, located on the right bank of the Syr Darya River.	Kazaly	Kazakhstan
country	Aruküla manor is a manor house in Aruküla, Raasiku Parish in northern-central Estonia.	Aruküla manor	Estonia
country	Anomabu, also spelled Anomabo and formerly as Annamaboe, is a town on the coast of the Mfantsiman Municipal District of the Central Region of Ghana.	Anomabu	Ghana
country	The ancient peoples of this part of Italy where Pieve Vergonte rises, were known by the Romans under the name of Galli, and was by them called Gaul the region on this side of the Alps, which was later divided into Cispadana and Traspadana.	Pieve Vergonte	Italy
country	Akhamb Island is a small island in Vanuatu, just off the southcoast of Malakula.	Akhamb	Vanuatu
country	Śniardwy (German: der Spirdingsee ) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland.	Śniardwy	Poland
country	Vildmarksvägen (English: Wilderness road), sometimes called Stekenjokkvägen by people living in Stekenjokk, which crosses the Vildmarksvägen, is a tourist road stretching from northern Jämtland to southern Lapland, Sweden.	Vildmarksvägen	Sweden
country	Apolda ( ) is a town in central Thuringia, Germany, the capital of the Weimarer Land district.	Apolda	Germany
country	Štajngrob (pronounced (ˈʃtaːi̯nɡɾɔp); in older sources also Steingrab) is a small settlement west of Šentjanž in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Štajngrob	Slovenia
country	Ostrozub (Serbian Cyrillic: Острозуб) is a mountain in southern Serbia, near the town of Crna Trava.	Ostrozub	Serbia
country	Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Haruno, Kōchi, Japan.	Kochi Haruno Athletic Stadium	Japan
country	Lorengau is the major town in Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.	Lorengau	Papua New Guinea
country	Oliveira de Azeméis (Portuguese pronunciation: (oliˈvejɾɐ ði ɐzɨˈmɛjʃ) or (oliˈvɐjɾɐ ði ɐzɨˈmɐjʃ)) is a city and a municipality located in Porto Metropolitan Area in Portugal.	Oliveira de Azeméis	Portugal
country	Trillium Health Partners is Canada's largest community-based, academically affiliated hospital, and has the largest Emergency department in Canada.	Trillium Health Partners	Canada
country	The Schomberg Fair is an agricultural fair held every year in Schomberg, Ontario, Canada since 1850.	Schomberg Fair	Canada
country	Mohawk Island is a small (4 hectares) island in Lake Erie, in the province of Ontario, Canada.	Mohawk Island	Canada
country	The Param Vir Chakra (PVC) is India's highest military decoration awarded for the highest degree of valour or self-sacrifice in the presence of the enemy.	Param Vir Chakra	India
country	PESEL (Polish Powszechny Elektroniczny System Ewidencji Ludności, Universal Electronic System for Registration of the Population) is the national identification number used in Poland since 1979.	PESEL	Poland
country	Causeway Point (Chinese: 长堤坊), is the seventh largest suburban shopping mall in Singapore, located in the town centre of Woodlands, a town in the north of Singapore.	Causeway Point	Singapore
country	Dreamflight (or ``Droomvlucht'' in Dutch) is a dark ride in Efteling amusement park in the Netherlands.	Dreamflight	Netherlands
country	Romans-sur-Isère ((ʁɔ.mɑ̃.syʁ.i.zɛːʁ); Occitan: Rumans d'Isèra;Old Occitan: Romans) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Romans-sur-Isère	France
country	Tugela Falls is a complex of seasonal waterfalls located in the Drakensberg (Dragon's Mountains) of Royal Natal National Park in KwaZulu-Natal Province, Republic of South Africa.	Tugela Falls	South Africa
country	Sar Daraq (Persian: سردرق‎) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sar Daraq	Iran
country	Yokadouma is a town in south eastern Cameroon, lying near the border with the Central African Republic.	Yokadouma	Cameroon
country	Bazneshin-e Sofla (Persian: بازنشين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bāzneshīn-e Soflá; also known as Bāzneshīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bazneshin-e Sofla	Iran
country	Italian House (also known as the Italian Kamienica, Montelupi House or Montelupi Kamienica, Polish: Dom Włoski w Krakowie, Włoska Kamienica, Kamienica Montelupich) is a kamienica building in Main Square, Kraków, Poland.	Italian House	Poland
country	H-3 Air Base (code-named 202C, 202D) is part of a cluster of former Iraqi Air Force bases in the Al-Anbar Governorate of Iraq.	H-3 Air Base	Iraq
country	The Piazza dei Miracoli (Italian: Square of Miracles), formally known as Piazza del Duomo (Italian: Cathedral Square), is a walled 8.87-hectare area located in Pisa, Tuscany, Italy, recognized as an important center of European medieval art and one of the finest architectural complexes in the world.	Piazza dei Miracoli	Italy
country	Carbis Bay railway station is situated on the St Ives Bay Line in Cornwall, United Kingdom and serves village and beach of Carbis Bay, a community that only adopted this name after the arrival of the railway in 1877.	Carbis Bay railway station	United Kingdom
country	Kumaran Nagar (Tamil: குமரன் நகர்), is a developed residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Kumaran Nagar	India
country	Portici (ˈpɔrtitʃi) (Neapolitan: Puortece) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy.	Portici	Italy
country	Hareoen Island is an uninhabited island of Baffin Bay, Greenland.	Hareoen Island	Greenland
country	The Oberoi Trident Towers is a 25 storey building in Nariman Point, Mumbai, India.	Oberoi Trident Towers	India
country	The Palacio Liévano or Lievano Palace Is a building located on the west side of the Plaza de Bolivar in Bogotá, Colombia in the cultural and historical hub of the city.	Palacio Liévano	Colombia
country	Kafin Madaki is the headquarters of Ganjuwa Local Government Area of Bauchi State, Nigeria.	Kafin Madaki	Nigeria
country	Dolná Lehota (earlier Dolná Lehôtka) is a village and municipality in Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Dolná Lehota	Slovakia
country	Delvinë (Albanian: Delvinë or Delvina, Greek: Δέλβινο, Delvino) is a town and a municipality in Vlorë County, southern Albania, northeast of Saranda.	Delvinë	Albania
country of citizenship	Włodzimierz Sokorski (2 July 1908, Oleksandrivsk -- 2 May 1999, Warsaw) was a Polish communist official, writer, military journalist and eventually a Brigadier General in the Soviet-dominated People's Republic of Poland.	Włodzimierz Sokorski	Poland
country of citizenship	Marcin Jędrzejewski (born April 10, 1987 in Tuchola, Poland) is a Polish speedway rider and has ridden for the Polish national junior team.	Marcin Jędrzejewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Born in Cornățelu, Dâmboviţa County, Romania, Ilie Savu began his career at 14 years of age, playing as a striker and as a goalkeeper.	Ilie Savu	Romania
country of citizenship	Sylvain Meslien (born August 7, 1980 in Bondy, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French professional football player, who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur 2 for FC Saint-Louis Neuweg.	Sylvain Meslien	France
country of citizenship	Yıldız Tilbe (born 16 July 1966) is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish and Zaza descent, and one of the best selling musical artists in Turkey, known especially for her eastern-infused ballads.	Yıldız Tilbe	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ghirmai Ghebremariam is the current ambassador of Eritrea to the United States and Canada.	Ghirmai Ghebremariam	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Harry M. Kuitert (born November 11, 1924 in Drachten) is a significant theologian of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (GKN).	Harry M. Kuitert	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Federico Andahazi was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, at Congreso, a very central neighborhood of the city.	Federico Andahazi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nikola Srdić (born 1952 in Belgrade, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian clarinetist and Professor of Clarinet at the University of Novi Sad Academy of Arts, Serbia and University of Banja Luka Academy of Arts, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nikola Srdić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Laila Dalseth (born 6 November 1940 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz singer, married (1963-2012) to the jazz saxophonist Theodor ``Totti'' Bergh (1935-2012), known for numerous recordings and international cooperation and regarded as one of the leading Norwegian Jazz singers.	Laila Dalseth	Norway
country of origin	Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call is a Canadian television series that airs on the W Network in Canada.	Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call	Canada
country of origin	The Dragon Pearl is the ﬁrst treaty co-production between Australia and China.	The Dragon Pearl	Australia
country of origin	Rendez-vous en terre inconnue (formerly En terre inconnue) is a French television program broadcast first on France 5 and then on the France 2 network.	Rendez-vous en terre inconnue	France
country of origin	Rooms-Katholiek Kerkgenootschap (abbr. RKK: English: Roman Catholic Church Association) is a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system, which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their religious background.	Rooms-Katholiek Kerkgenootschap	Netherlands
country of origin	Örebro IK was an ice hockey team from Örebro, Sweden that was founded in 1972.	Örebro IK	Sweden
country of origin	Volumia! was a band from Heerlen, Netherlands.	Volumia!	Netherlands
country of origin	It is produced by the Alfredo Campari Group, a multi-national company based in Italy.	Campari	Italy
country of origin	Kuch Kuch Hota Hai (English: Something Happens) also known as KKHH, is an Indian Hindi coming-of-age romantic comedy drama film, released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998.	Kuch Kuch Hota Hai	India
country of origin	Camp Mulla is an alternative hip hop group originating from and based in Nairobi, Kenya.	Camp Mulla	Kenya
country of origin	Satyricon is also regarded as useful evidence for the reconstruction of how lower classes lived during the early Roman Empire.	Satyricon	Roman Empire
country of origin	Phitti is a type of leavened bread baked by Hunzakut People of Hunza, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Phitti	Pakistan
country of origin	Morgan Barbançon Mestre (born 12 August 1992 in Paris, France) is a Spanish Olympic dressage rider.	Morgan Barbançon	France
country of origin	Take Care, Your Highness! is a 1985 Hong Kong historical period drama television series produced by TVB and starring Andy Lau in the title role of Kin-lung Emperor, the sixth emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Take Care, Your Highness!	Hong Kong
country of origin	Noisia, stylized as NOISIΛ ('VISION' rotated 180°), is a Dutch electronic music trio consisting of members Nik Roos, Martijn van Sonderen and Thijs de Vlieger from Groningen, Netherlands.	Noisia	Netherlands
country of origin	Marrying the Mafia (Hangul: 가문의 영광; RR: Gamuneui yeonggwang) is a 2002 South Korea film released on September 13, 2002.	Marrying the Mafia	South Korea
country of origin	Fantasm Comes Again is a 1977 soft core pornographic film from Australia.	Fantasm Comes Again	Australia
country of origin	Swordsman II, also known as The Legend of the Swordsman, is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film very loosely adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer.	Swordsman II	Hong Kong
country of origin	Where the Truth Lies premiered at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival and was shown at the Karlovy Vary Film Festival, the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival, the Woodstock Film Festival, and Festival do Rio in Brazil, before going into theatrical release in Canada on 7 October 2005 and the United States the following week.	Where the Truth Lies	Canada
country of origin	Choripán (plural: choripanes) is a type of sandwich with chorizo popular in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Guatemala, Peru, Puerto Rico, Uruguay and Venezuela.	Choripán	Argentina
country of origin	Rent-a-Goalie is a half-hour comedy television series from Canada that aired on Showcase from 2006 to 2008.	Rent-a-Goalie	Canada
country of origin	Zoo Family is an Australian children's television series on the Nine Network Australia that first screened in 1985.	Zoo Family	Australia
country of origin	Carmen on Ice is a 1990 dance film with a choreography for figure skaters made in Germany.	Carmen on Ice	Germany
country of origin	The White Game (Swedish: Den vita sporten) is a 1968 Swedish documentary film about the protests against the 1968 Davis Cup tennis match between Sweden and Rhodesia, in Båstad, Sweden.	The White Game	Sweden
country of origin	Ah Ying (半邊人) is a 1983 Hong Kong film directed by Allen Fong.	Ah Ying	Hong Kong
country of origin	One such restaurant is ``El Jardi Del Tastets'' in Palamos, Spain.	Tastet	Spain
country of origin	``Alla andra får varann'' (All the others get each other) is a song by Swedish singer Siw Malmkvist, that represented Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Swedish.	Alla andra får varann	Sweden
country of origin	Chitranna (Kannada: ಚಿತ್ರಾನ್ನ) is a rice-based dish widely prepared in homes in South India.	Chitranna	India
country of origin	IFC Canada announced that Single White Spenny had been cancelled due to poor ratings and its inability to capture Kenny vs. Spenny audiences.	Single White Spenny	Canada
country of origin	Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto was a benefit rock concert that was held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on July 30, 2003.	Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto	Canada
country of origin	Un passo dal cielo is an Italian television series, aired in Italy on Rai 1 and Rai HD, starring Terence Hill and Enrico Ianniello.	Un passo dal cielo	Italy
country of origin	Since 2001, Kore & Skalp have been at Sony Music France.	Kore & Skalp	France
country of origin	Kool Ka Lang (English: Be Cool) is a mixed action and situational comedy television show in the Philippines.	Kool Ka Lang	Philippines
country of origin	Birnenhonig (German: lit. pear honey) is a syrup made from pears in central Switzerland.	Birnenhonig	Switzerland
country of origin	The Grocer's Son (released in France as Le Fils de l'épicier) is a dramatic film set in Provence, France, directed by experienced French documentarian Éric Guirado.	The Grocer's Son	France
country of origin	The group dissolved soon afterward, but the new millennium has seen several reunions of Nationalteatern, touring all over Sweden, even after Totta Näslund died in 2005.	Nationalteatern	Sweden
country of origin	Bammy or bami is a traditional Jamaican cassava flatbread descended from the simple flatbread eaten by the Arawaks, Jamaica's original inhabitants.	Bammy	Jamaica
country of origin	Agnolotti (aɲoˈlɔtti) is a type of pasta typical of the Piedmont region of Italy, made with small pieces of flattened pasta dough, folded over filling of roasted meat or vegetables.	Agnolotti	Italy
country of origin	Scene South East was a regional television news magazine programme produced by Southern Television, covering the south east of England.	Scene South East	England
country of origin	Oscypek, Oszczypek (Polish; plural: oscypki) is a smoked cheese made of salted sheep milk exclusively in the Tatra Mountains region of Poland.	Oscypek	Poland
country of origin	Langhorns is an instrumental surf music band from Lund, Sweden.	Langhorns	Sweden
country of origin	Pitina is an Italian cold cut (salume) with origin in the mountain valleys of Tramonti di Sopra and River Cellina of the province of Pordenone in northeastern Italy.	Pitina	Italy
country of origin	Pesek Zman (Hebrew:פסק זמן, ``Time Out'') is an Israeli brand of chocolate snacks, manufactured by Strauss Group's Strauss Israel company under its Elite (Hebrew:עלית) confectionery brand.	Pesek Zman	Israel
country of origin	So Gay TV mixed panel discussions and interviews with documentary and feature reports on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues and life in Canada.	So Gay TV	Canada
country of origin	Karle Pyaar Karle released on 1000 screens across India.	Karle Pyaar Karle	India
country of origin	Fair Go is a New Zealand consumer affairs television programme hosted by Gordon Harcourt and Pippa Wetzell.	Fair Go	New Zealand
country of origin	Solido is a French manufacturer of die-cast model cars and trucks based in Oulins, Anet, France, about 40 miles west of Paris.	Solido	France
country of origin	Kippur premiered in theaters nationwide in Israel on October 5, 2000.	Kippur	Israel
country of origin	Sound of Torture is a 2013 documentary film written and directed by Israeli filmmaker Keren Shayo which follows Eritrean radio host and human rights activist Meron Estefanos as she reports on Eritrean refugees who have been captured in Sudan while migrating across the Sinai Peninsula into Israel.	Sound of Torture	Israel
country of origin	Intrepid Journeys is a New Zealand television series, which screens on TV ONE in New Zealand and on Vibrant TV Network in the United States.	Intrepid Journeys	New Zealand
country of origin	Rocket Monkeys is a Canadian animated television series that was created by Dan Abdo and Jason Patterson and premiered on Teletoon in Canada on January 10, 2013.	Rocket Monkeys	Canada
country of origin	Captain of Destiny (Chinese: 張保仔; Jyutping: Zoeng1 Bou2 Zai2; literally ``Cheung Po Tsai'') is a 2015 Hong Kong historical fiction sci-fi television drama created and produced by TVB.	Captain of Destiny	Hong Kong
country of origin	A Gang Story (French: Les Lyonnais) is a 2011 France drama film directed by Olivier Marchal.	A Gang Story	France
country of origin	Einsatz in 4 Wänden is a home renovation show broadcast in Germany on RTL since 2003 and presented by Tine Wittler.	Einsatz in 4 Wänden	Germany
country of origin	CP24 Breakfast is a Canadian morning television news show that airs on CP24 (the 24-hour local television news service based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) the show airs weekdays from 5:30 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and from 7:00 a.m. - 10:15 a.m. on Saturdays and 7:00 a.m. - 10:30 a.m. on Sundays.	CP24 Breakfast	Canada
country of origin	Mummy Punjabi is a New Age Mother India, with today's grandeur, intensity, humour & emotions.	Mummy Punjabi	India
country of origin	Mimolette is a cheese traditionally produced around the city of Lille, France.	Mimolette	France
country of origin	Tecula mecula (Spanish: Técula mécula) is a dessert traditional to the Extremadura region of western Spain.	Tecula mecula	Spain
country of origin	Allah Ke Banday tells the tale of two 12-year-old boys (Vijay and Yakub) who grow up in the slums of India.	Allah Ke Banday	India
country of origin	Pähkähullu Suomi (Insane Finland) is a 1967 comedy by Spede Pasanen.	Pähkähullu Suomi	Finland
country of origin	Desh Dekhi Bidesh (Nepali:देश देखि बीदेश), shortened as DDB is a movie made in Nepal which was released in 2008.	Desh Dekhi Bidesh	Nepal
country of origin	Drohkaal (English: Times of Treason) is a 1994 Indian crime drama film directed and produced by Govind Nihalani which deals with India's fight against terrorism.	Drohkaal	India
country of origin	Forgotten Silver (1995) is a New Zealand mockumentary film that purports to tell the story of a pioneering New Zealand filmmaker.	Forgotten Silver	New Zealand
country of origin	Valletta Living History is a 35 minute audiovisual show depicting the history, culture and lifestyle of Malta and the Maltese.	Valletta Living History	Malta
country of origin	Arc International was established in 1825 in the village of Arques in northern France by Alexander des Lyons de Noircarm, who began production by manufacturing glass storage containers known as ``dame-jeanne'' (demijohns in English), which were popular at that time.	Arc International	France
country of origin	A War Diary (Chinese: 战争日记) was a Singapore English television series produced by Dream Forest Productions in 2001.	A War Diary	Singapore
country of origin	Stickin' Around is a Canadian animated children's television series from Nelvana, which originally aired on YTV in Canada and on ABC in Australia.	Stickin' Around	Canada
country of origin	Teen Bata Teen (or 3 Bata 3) (Urdu: تین بٹا تین‎ Lit: Three divided by Three) was a 1995 Pakistani comedy-drama sitcom which was written by Adeel Hashmi and directed by Faisal Qureshi It was aired on Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV One, now PTV Home).	Teen Bata Teen	Pakistan
country of origin	Stoemp is the richer Brussels variant of the stamppot dish in the cuisine of Belgium and the Netherlands.	Stoemp	Belgium
country of origin	Ronaldinho Gaucho's Team is the first animated series for TV produced by the Italian studio GIG Italy Entertainment, with the co-production of MSP - Mauricio de Sousa Produções, which publishes in Brazil the Ronaldinho Gaucho comic strip based on the fictionalised version of Ronaldinho as a child.	Ronaldinho Gaucho's Team	Italy
country of origin	Mano Ya Na Mano (English: Believe It or Not, Hindi: मानो या ना मानो) is a reality show based on real incidents took place in various places in India.	Mano Ya Na Mano	India
country of origin	Eurosong - A MAD Show is the national final in search for Greece's song and artist for the Eurovision Song Contest.	Eurosong - A MAD Show	Greece
country of origin	Naan qalia is a dish that originates from Aurangabad in India.	Naan qalia	India
country of origin	Wagon Wheels are a snack food sold in Australia, Canada, Ireland, the Isle of Man, Malta, Russia, Dominican Republic, The Middle East and the United Kingdom.	Wagon Wheels	Australia
country of origin	Shigaku zasshi (史学雑誌, literally, Journal of Historical Science) is the oldest academic journal of history in Japan.	Shigaku zasshi	Japan
country of origin	Burning Heart Records is an independent record label formed in 1993 and based in Örebro, Sweden.	Burning Heart Records	Sweden
country of origin	Groupement des Cartes Bancaires CB (``CB Bank card Group''), also known as simply CB, is France's national interbank network, with over 46,000 ATMs and over 1 million EFTPOS acceptance points.	Groupement des Cartes Bancaires CB	France
country of origin	In Pit Lane is an Australian motor sports television show produced in conjunction with RMITV currently broadcasting on C31 Melbourne in Melbourne, Australia with the support of Dynotech - Dyno Dynamics.	In Pit Lane	Australia
country of origin	Sickoakes is an eight-piece postrock instrumental group based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Sickoakes	Sweden
country of origin	The Second Circle (Russian: Круг второй) is a 1990 Soviet Union drama film directed by Aleksandr Sokurov that tells the story of a young man who tries to deal with his father's death and the difficulties of his burial in a worldly society.	The Second Circle	Soviet Union
country of origin	Rasam is prepared mainly with black pepper and tamarind or tomato, both ingredients abundant in South India.	Rasam	India
country of origin	Flight of the Ibis and then released in the US as Crackdown is a 1996 Trinidad and Tobago film.	Flight of the Ibis	Trinidad and Tobago
country of origin	An Afghan biscuit is a traditional New Zealand biscuit made from flour, butter, cornflakes, sugar and cocoa powder, topped with chocolate icing and a half walnut.	Afghan biscuit	New Zealand
country of origin	Oblaat (Japanese: オブラート) is a thin edible layer of starch that wraps some candies in Japan.	Oblaat	Japan
country of origin	Buchanan's is a brand of Scotch whisky owned by Diageo and produced in Scotland.	Buchanan's	Scotland
country of origin	Gazpachuelo is a soup originating from Málaga, Spain and is a typical fisherman's dish, consisting of fish stock, a type of mayonnaise, garlic, egg yolk and olive oil.	Gazpachuelo	Spain
country of origin	Gorkha Beer (Nepali: गोर्खा बीअर) is a brand of beer brewed in Nepal.	Gorkha Beer	Nepal
country of origin	Brulion (meaning Rough Sketchbook in English) was a Polish language quarterly literary magazine published in Poland from 1986 to 1999.	Brulion	Poland
country of origin	Puffin Rock is an Irish children's television series originally airing on RTÉjr in Ireland, Nick Jr. in the United Kingdom, and Netflix in the United States.	Puffin Rock	Ireland
country of origin	The Magnetic Tree or El árbol magnético is a Chilean Spanish co-produced film written and directed by Isabel de Ayguavives and filmed in Chile.	The Magnetic Tree	Chile
country of origin	Ebola Syndrome (伊波拉病毒) is a 1996 Hong Kong Category III exploitation film starring Anthony Wong and directed by Herman Yau.	Ebola Syndrome	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back is a Hong Kong wuxia comedy television series based on Wong Yuk-long's manhua series Buddha's Palm.	The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back	Hong Kong
country of origin	Maple liqueur refers to various alcoholic products made from maple syrup, primarily in the Northeast United States and Canada.	Maple liqueur	Canada
country of origin	Joodse Omroep (abbr. JO: English: Jewish Broadcasting Company) was a special broadcaster on the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system, which is allowed to broadcast on radio and television because of their religious background.	Joodse Omroep	Netherlands
country of origin	The Copenhagen Post is a weekly newspaper providing Danish news in English both nationally and internationally; it is the only English-language newspaper published in Denmark.	The Copenhagen Post	Denmark
country of origin	Leonela (1983) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and broadcast on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión.	Leonela	Venezuela
country of origin	Inbound Troubles (Chinese: 老表,你好嘢!; literally ``cousin, you are good!''), is a Hong Kong television comedy-drama serial produced by TVB and Wong Wai-sing.	Inbound Troubles	Hong Kong
date of birth	Eric Zimmerman (born 1969) is a game designer and the co-founder and CEO of Gamelab, a computer game development company based in Manhattan.	Eric Zimmerman	1969
date of birth	Jon Loomis (born 1959) is an American poet and writer.	Jon Loomis	1959
date of birth	Antoni Wroniecki (1790 - 1838) was a Polish military officer and a General of the Polish Army during the November Uprising of 1831.	Antoni Wroniecki	1790
date of birth	Pierre Mankowski (born 5 November 1951) is a French former football striker who became a coach.	Pierre Mankowski	5 November 1951
date of birth	Mohammad-Ali Taskhiri (born 1948) is an Iranian ayatollah and diplomat.	Mohammad-Ali Taskhiri	1948
date of birth	Nickolas Grace (born 21 November 1947) is an English actor known for his roles on television, including Anthony Blanche in the acclaimed ITV adaptation of Brideshead Revisited, and the Sheriff of Nottingham in the 1980s series Robin of Sherwood.	Nickolas Grace	21 November 1947
date of birth	Lee Montague (born 16 October 1927) is an English actor noted for his roles on film and television, usually playing tough guys.	Lee Montague	16 October 1927
date of birth	Abdal Salam Al-Dabaji (born 24 April, 1979 in Gaza) he is a retired athlete who competed internationally for Palestine.	Abdal Salam Al-Dabaji	24 April, 1979
date of birth	Pirzada Qasim Raza Siddiqui (Urdu: پیرزادہ قاسم رضا صدیقی‎) (born 8 February 1943) is a noted Pakistani scholar, Urdu poet scientist and educationist.	Pirzada Qasim	8 February 1943
date of birth	Tugay Kerimoğlu (born 24 August 1970) is a Turkish former footballer who is a current manager of Şanlıurfaspor and played the majority of his career for Galatasaray and Blackburn Rovers.	Tugay Kerimoğlu	24 August 1970
date of birth	William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas (c. 1327--1384) was a Scottish magnate.	William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas	1327
date of birth	Ricardo Carrasco Stuparich (born 1965) is a Chilean photographer, best known for nature and travel photography of South America.	Ricardo Carrasco	1965
date of birth	Thomas McDowell (born 1977) is a convicted British murderer responsible for the death of Andreas Hinz.	Thomas McDowell	1977
date of birth	Isleym (French pronunciation: ​(izˈlɛm); born 13 June 1994) is a French singer-songwriter.	Isleym	13 June 1994
date of birth	Odette Nyiramilimo (born 1956) is a Rwandan physician and senator.	Odette Nyiramilimo	1956
date of birth	John Chupco (ca. 1821--1881) was a leader of the Hvteyievike, or Newcomer, Band of the Seminole during the time of their forced relocation to Indian Territory.	John Chupco	1821
date of birth	Simen Omholt-Jensen (born 5 May 1995) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Norwegian Premier League side Stabæk Fotball.	Simen Omholt-Jensen	5 May 1995
date of birth	Frances Russell (born 1941) is an author and journalist in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Frances Russell	1941
date of birth	Rogelio Valdés (born 1882 - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball player in the Cuban League.	Rogelio Valdés	1882
date of birth	Ron Thomson MBE (1929--2004) was a senior Scottish journalist.	Ron Thomson	1929
date of birth	Kittisak Prokati (Thai: กิตติศักดิ์ ปรกติ; rtgs: Kittisak Prokkati; born 7 December 1956) is a Thai legal scholar.	Kittisak Prokati	7 December 1956
date of birth	Clem Curtis (born 28 November 1940, Trinidad) is a singer and former lead vocalist of sixties British soul group The Foundations.	Clem Curtis	28 November 1940
date of birth	Khalid Sheldrake, born Bertram William Sheldrake (born 1888, date of death unknown) was an English pickle manufacturer who converted to Islam and briefly declared himself king of Islamistan in the Xinjiang region of China during the Warlord era.	Khalid Sheldrake	1888
date of birth	Brownlow North (17 July 1741--12 July 1820) was a bishop of the Church of England.	Brownlow North	1741
date of birth	Lawrence Okoye (born 6 October 1991) is a British track and field athlete and an American football player for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL).	Lawrence Okoye	6 October 1991
date of birth	John Starlight (born 1974) is a pseudonym of the Munich-based musician and producer Florian Senfter.	John Starlight	1974
date of birth	Samantha Spackman (born 16 June 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) who currently plays for Western Sydney Wanderers in the Australian W-League.	Samantha Spackman	16 June 1991
date of birth	Cathy Gannon (born 21 September 1981, Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish jockey.	Cathy Gannon	21 September 1981
date of birth	Mikael Höglund (born 15 May 1962) is a Swedish bass player, previously of the bands Tryckvåg, Great King Rat and Thunder, appearing on the 1995 album Behind Closed Doors, Live Circuit and Their Finest Hour...and a bit, Live at the BBC (1990-1995).	Mikael Höglund	15 May 1962
date of birth	Guy Luzon (Hebrew: גיא לוזון‎; born 7 August 1975) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager.	Guy Luzon	7 August 1975
date of birth	Krishna Chandran (Malayalam: കൃഷ്ണചന്ദ്രൻ; born 24 August 1984), also known as Krishna Chandran Karate, is an Emirati cricketer of Indian descent.	Krishna Chandran	24 August 1984
date of birth	Wilbur Hugh Ferry, an American activist, was born on born 17 December 1910, the son of Hugh Joseph Ferry, President and Chairman of the Board of the Packard Motor Company, and Fay Ferry.	Wilbur Hugh Ferry	1910
date of birth	Scott Wade (born 10 January 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1980s.	Scott Wade	10 January 1960
date of birth	Olivier Bouygues (born 14 September 1950) is deputy CEO of the French company Bouygues, and CEO of the family holding company SCDM.	Olivier Bouygues	14 September 1950
date of birth	Sergey Buikevich (born 13 August 1963) is a Kazakhstani dressage and endurance rider.	Sergey Buikevich	13 August 1963
date of birth	Mohammad Yaqub Khan (1849 -- November 15, 1923) was Emir of Afghanistan from February 21 to October 12, 1879.	Mohammad Yaqub Khan	1849
date of birth	Jeanne Safer (born 1947 in Cincinnati, Ohio) has a BA degree in Philosophical Psychology from the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois and a PhD in Psychology from The Graduate Faculty of The New School for Social Research in New York City.	Jeanne Safer	1947
date of birth	Phil Cousineau (Columbia, South Carolina, 26 November 1952) is an American author, lecturer, independent scholar, screenwriter, and documentary filmmaker.	Phil Cousineau	26 November 1952
date of birth	Marshall Brooks was born on 30 May 1855 in Haslingden, Lancashire, the second son of Thomas Brooks, 1st Baron Crawshaw of Crawshaw and Catherine Jones.	Marshall Brooks	30 May 1855
date of birth	Fernando Jurado Noboa (born 12 October 1949, Quito) is an Ecuadorian psychiatrist, historian and genealogist.	Fernando Jurado Noboa	12 October 1949
date of birth	Lieutenant General Ivan Lemmer SM (born 1931) was a former South African Army officer, who served as Chief of Staff Logistics.	Ivan Lemmer	1931
date of birth	Li Zhaozhuo (Chinese: 李兆焯; Zhuang: Leix Ciucuek; born September 1944) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Li Zhaozhuo	1944
date of birth	Gillian Bailey or Gilli Bush-Bailey (born 14 June 1955 in Wimbledon, London) is a British academic and former actress.	Gillian Bailey	14 June 1955
date of birth	Harrod Blank (b. Westminster, California, United States, 1963) is an American documentary filmmaker and art car artist living in Berkeley, California.	Harrod Blank	1963
date of birth	Eline Berings (born 28 May 1986) is a Belgian athlete, who competes in the 100 m hurdles.	Eline Berings	28 May 1986
date of birth	Mike D'Angelo (born 1968) is an American film critic.	Mike D'Angelo	1968
date of birth	Dag Ingebrigtsen (born 12 December 1958) is a Norwegian musician who had his debut in 1977 with the group Subway Suck.	Dag Ingebrigtsen	12 December 1958
date of birth	Ivan Putrov (born 8 March 1980) is a Ukrainian-born ballet dancer and producer.	Ivan Putrov	8 March 1980
date of birth	Lydia Grigorieva (Born 1945) is a Ukrainian poet who now lives in London.	Lydia Grigorieva	1945
date of birth	Merab Sharikadze (Georgian: მერაბ შარიქაძე) (born 17 May 1993) in Moscow, Russia, is a Georgian rugby union player currently playing for Stade Aurillacois Cantal Auvergne in the Pro D2.	Merab Sharikadze	17 May 1993
date of birth	Helmut Kassner (born 26 December 1946) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Helmut Kassner	26 December 1946
date of birth	Sophia Yilma (Amharic: ሶፍያ ይልማ?, born 2 October 1942) is an Ethiopian journalist and politician.	Sophia Yilma	2 October 1942
date of birth	Robert Zimansky (born 20 April 1948, Iowa City, Iowa) is an American violinist living in Zurich.	Robert Zimansky	20 April 1948
date of birth	Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik (1787--??) was a Norwegian politician.	Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik	1787
date of birth	Mohammad Khamis Saleh (Arabic: محمد خميس صالح‎; born 11 March 1976) is a retired Emirati footballer.	Mohammad Khamis	11 March 1976
date of birth	Victor Yahun (Ukrainian: Ві́ктор Микола́йович Ягу́н; born 5 August 1970, Telenești, Moldova) is a Ukrainian military and public figure, Major general of the Security Service of Ukraine, the former deputy chairman of the Security Service of Ukraine (from March 2014 to June 2015).	Victor Yahun	5 August 1970
date of birth	Archduchess Sophie of Austria (German: Sophie, Erzherzogin von Österreich; 5 March 1855 -- 29 May 1857) was the first child and first of three daughters born to the Empress Elisabeth (Sissi) and Franz Joseph, Emperor of Austria.	Archduchess Sophie of Austria	5 March 1855
date of birth	Mandy Miller (born Carmen Isabella Miller, 23 July 1944) is an English child actress who made a number of films in the 1950s and is probably best remembered for her recording of the song ``Nellie the Elephant''.	Mandy Miller	23 July 1944
date of birth	Ulrich Kirchhoff (born 9 August 1967 in Lohne) is a German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 1996.	Ulrich Kirchhoff	9 August 1967
date of birth	Ernesto Solitario (born July, 1838) was an Italian sculptor, active mainly in Naples.	Ernesto Solitario	1838
date of birth	Rocky Morton (born 1955) is an English director.	Rocky Morton	1955
date of birth	Remon Stotijn (born 27 December 1975) is a Dutch singer, member of the band Postmen.	Remon Stotijn	27 December 1975
date of birth	John Edward Fletcher (18 January 1940 -- 1 June 1992) was a British-Australian scholar best known for his research and publications on Athanasius Kircher as well as several other Germans who had lived in and/or influenced Australia.	John Edward Fletcher	18 January 1940
date of birth	Walter R. Nord (born 1939) is an American academic specializing in the study of organizational behaviour.	Walter R. Nord	1939
date of birth	Daroga Prasad Rai (born 2 September 1922, date of death unknown) was an Indian politician from the state of Bihar.	Daroga Prasad Rai	2 September 1922
date of birth	Sarah Conlon (née Maguire) (20 January 1926 -- 19 July 2008) was an Irish housewife and a prominent campaigner in one of the most high-profile miscarriage of justice cases in British legal history.	Sarah Conlon	20 January 1926
date of birth	Élie Barnavi (born 1946) is an Israeli historian and diplomat, who was the Israeli ambassador to France between 2000 and 2002.	Élie Barnavi	1946
date of birth	Davenport Fabian Cartwright Blunt CB (19 January 1888 -- 28 December 1965) was a British Civil Servant who became Under-Secretary at HM Treasury.	Davenport Fabian Cartwright Blunt	19 January 1888
date of birth	Marianne Williams, née Marianne Coldham, was born in Norwich, England, 12 December 1793.	Marianne Williams	12 December 1793
date of birth	Javad Manafi (Persian: جواد منافی‎; born September 23, 1970) is an Iranian retired association footballer and coach.	Javad Manafi	1970
date of birth	Namit Malhotra (born 2 April 1976) is the Founder, Executive Chairman and Global CEO of Prime Focus Limited, world's largest independent integrated media services company.	Namit Malhotra	2 April 1976
date of birth	Adrian Bower (born 20 August 1970) is an English actor, best known for his role as physical education and geography teacher Brian Steadman in the first three series of the British comedy series Teachers.	Adrian Bower	20 August 1970
date of birth	Luiz Jorge de Barbuda (1564 (?)-1613 (?)) was a Portuguese cartographer.	Luiz Jorge de Barbuda	1564
date of birth	Sir George Lockwood Morris, 8th Baronet (29 January 1859 - 23 November 1947) was a Welsh industrialist and iron founder.	George Lockwood Morris	29 January 1859
date of birth	Alan Light (born August 4, 1966) is an American journalist who has been a rock critic for Rolling Stone and the editor-in-chief for both Vibe and Spin.	Alan Light	1966
date of birth	Des de Moor (Born Ipswich, Suffolk, England, 20 April 1961) is a writer, singer, musician and songwriter.	Des de Moor	20 April 1961
date of birth	Frédéric Nérac (1960 -- declared dead 21 October 2005) is a French journalist, reported missing in Iraq from 22 March 2003.	Frédéric Nérac	1960
date of birth	Shiamak Davar (born 19 October 1961) is an Indian choreographer, noted as one of the first to bring contemporary jazz and western forms of dances to India.	Shiamak Davar	19 October 1961
date of birth	Jing Yuexiu, 井岳秀, September 6, 1878--	Jing Yuexiu	1878
date of birth	Pye Min (Burmese: ပြည်မင်း, pronounced: (pjé mɪ́ɴ); 26 May 1619 -- 14 April 1672) was king of Toungoo dynasty from 1661 to 1672.	Pye Min	26 May 1619
date of birth	Sir David Yule, 1st Baronet (4 August 1858 -- 3 July 1928) was a Scottish businessman based in India.	Sir David Yule, 1st Baronet	4 August 1858
date of birth	Joseph Gayles (1844 -- May 29, 1873), also known as Socco the Bracer, was one of the leaders of the Patsy Conroy Gang which plagued the dockyards of the New York City waterfront during the 1860s and 1870s.	Joseph Gayles	1844
date of birth	Chandan Dasgupta (Bengali: চন্দন দাশগুপ্ত), (born 1951) is an Indian theoretical physicist known for his contributions in condensed matter physics and statistical physics.	Chandan Dasgupta	1951
date of birth	Kim Christer Lauren (born 1990) is a Finnish man who was convicted of kidnapping, attempted sexual abuse and possession of child pornography.	Kim Christer Lauren	1990
date of birth	James Magner (born 12 August 1987) is an Australian rules football player who formerly played professionally at the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	James Magner	12 August 1987
date of birth	William J. Schroeder (1932, Jasper, Indiana -- August 7, 1986), was one of the first recipients of an artificial heart at the age of 52.	William J. Schroeder	1932
date of birth	Slavcho Atanasov (Bulgarian: Славчо Атанасов; born 14 February 1968 in Karlovo) is a Bulgarian politician, member of IMRO-BNM and mayor of Plovdiv (2007--2011).	Slavcho Atanasov	14 February 1968
date of birth	Jennifer ``Jenn'' Forgie (born 1969) is a Canadian actress and singer, who is often credited as Jenn Forgie.	Jenn Forgie	1969
date of birth	Sissey Chao (Chinese:趙一豪 pinyin: Zhao Yi Hao; born 24 September 1963) is an aggressive, independent musician in Taiwan.	Sissey Chao	24 September 1963
date of birth	Sardar Inayatullah Khan Gandapur (Urdu: سردار عنایت اللہ خان گنڈا پور‎27 August 1919 -- 29 April 2005) was a Pakistani politician from the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Inayatullah Khan Gandapur	27 August 1919
date of birth	Kais Yâakoubi or Kais Yakoubi (18 July 1966) is a Tunisian former footballer who has coached 6 Tunisian football clubs and only 1 Saudi Arabian football club.	Kais Yâakoubi	18 July 1966
date of birth	Giuseppe Pozzobonelli was born on 11 August 1696 in Milan, which at the time was part of Duchy of Milan.	Giuseppe Pozzobonelli	11 August 1696
date of birth	Akiva Eldar (Hebrew: עקיבא אלדר‎; born 27 November 1945) is an author and Israeli columnist for Al-Monitor.	Akiva Eldar	27 November 1945
date of birth	Lucy Taxis Shoe Meritt (born August 7, 1906, in Camden, New Jersey; died Austin, Texas, April 13, 2003) was a classical archaeologist and a scholar of Greek architectural ornamentation and mouldings.	Lucy Taxis Shoe Meritt	1906
date of birth	Jean Baptiste, baron Franceschi (5 December 1766, Bastia - 19 March 1813, Danzig), was a French general.	Jean Baptiste, baron Franceschi	5 December 1766
date of birth	Spike Rawlings (birth name John Anderson Rawlinson; 7 April 1944 -- 14 March 2006) was an English professional footballer who later became a TV entertainer after retiring as a sportsman.	Spike Rawlings	7 April 1944
date of birth	David Willoughby Gooding (born 1925) is Professor Emeritus of Old Testament Greek at Queen's University Belfast, and is a member of the Royal Irish Academy.	David Willoughby Gooding	1925
date of birth	Nathan Cole Jr. (1860--1921) was one of the two founders of the Los Angeles Daily Times, now the Los Angeles Times.	Nathan Cole Jr.	1860
date of birth	Ramón Marín Solá (12 January 1832 -- 13 September 1902) was a nineteenth-century Puerto Rican educator, journalist, politician, and historian.	Ramón Marín	12 January 1832
date of birth	Benjamin Leadbeater (1760--1837) was a British naturalist, ornithologist and taxidermist.	Benjamin Leadbeater	1760
date of birth	Willy Roggeman (born Ninove, 9 June 1934) is a Belgian writer and jazz musician.	Willy Roggeman	9 June 1934
date of birth	Colin Garland (born 28 April 1988) is a professional Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League, currently with the Melbourne Football Club.	Colin Garland	28 April 1988
date of birth	Muyiwa Ademola (born 26 January 1971) is a Nigerian Nollywood actor, film-maker, film producer and director.	Muyiwa Ademola	26 January 1971
date of birth	Delfin Carbonell Basset (born 1938) is a contemporary lexicographer in the United States and creator of the Unialphabet system.	Delfin Carbonell Basset	1938
date of birth	Natalie Casey (born 15 April 1980) is an English actress, television presenter and singer.	Natalie Casey	15 April 1980
date of birth	Slobodan Praljak (2 January 1945) is a Croatian politician and writer who served as general in the Croatian Army and the Croatian Defence Council, an army of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia.	Slobodan Praljak	2 January 1945
date of birth	Loa Nou (born 31 December 1987) from Hanuabada Village is a Papua New Guinean cricketer.	Loa Nou	31 December 1987
date of birth	Anne de La Grange-Trianon (1632 - January 30, 1707) was a French courtier and husband to Louis de Buade de Frontenac, twice Governor General of New France.	Anne de La Grange-Trianon	1632
date of birth	Samuel Teresi (born 1960) is the 23rd and current Mayor of the City of Jamestown, New York.	Samuel Teresi	1960
date of birth	Linda Esther Gray (born 29 May 1948, Greenock, Scotland) is a retired Scottish soprano and an operatic singing teacher.	Linda Esther Gray	29 May 1948
date of birth	Robbert Vos (born 1986), is a Euphonium soloist, teacher and conductor from the Netherlands.	Robbert Vos	1986
date of birth	Anthony Buckley (AO) (born 27 July 1937) is an Australian film editor, producer, and prominent member of the Australian film industry.	Anthony Buckley	27 July 1937
date of birth	Albert Bosquet (born 1882) was a Belgian sport shooter.	Albert Bosquet	1882
date of birth	Nicoleta Safta (born 17 November 1994, in Râmnicu Vâlcea) is a Romanian handballer who plays for HC Dunărea Brăila.	Nicoleta Safta	17 November 1994
date of birth	Rae Helen Langton (born 1961) is an Australian and British professor of philosophy in the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Cambridge, and taught previously at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Rae Helen Langton	1961
date of birth	Thomas Barnacle (1846 - July 1921) from Galway, Ireland was the father of Nora Barnacle and father-in-law of the novelist, James Joyce.	Thomas Barnacle	1846
date of birth	Mario Venuti (born 28 October 1963) is an Italian singer-songwriter, musician and record producer.	Mario Venuti	28 October 1963
date of birth	Musharraf Ali Farooqi (born 26 July 1968, Hyderabad, Pakistan) is a Pakistani-Canadian writer, translator and essayist.	Musharraf Ali Farooqi	26 July 1968
date of birth	Sepp De Roover (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsɛp də ˈroː.vər)) (born 12 November 1984) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a right back for KFC De Kempen.	Sepp De Roover	12 November 1984
date of birth	Levent Gök (born 24 October 1959) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who currently serves as one of the three parliamentary group leaders for his party since 22 August 2014.	Levent Gök	24 October 1959
date of birth	Charles de Brimeu (born in 1524 or 1525, † in Zwolle in 1572), was the last count of Meghem, lord of Humbercourt, of Houdain and Éperlecques, stadtholder of Gelderland (from 1556) and Order of the Golden Fleece.	Charles de Brimeu	1524
date of birth	William Hume Blake, QC (10 March 1809 -- 5 November 1870) was an Irish-Canadian jurist and politician.	William Hume Blake	10 March 1809
date of birth	Lisbeth F.K. Holter Brudal (born 19 September 1935) is a Norwegian psychologist living in Oslo, Norway.	Lisbeth F.K. Holter Brudal	19 September 1935
date of birth	Johannes Dietrich (born 10 February 1985) is a German swimmer who won seven medals at European Short Course Swimming Championships in 2005--2009.	Johannes Dietrich	10 February 1985
date of birth	Claude Ignace François Michaud (28 October 1751 -- 19 October 1835) commanded French troops during the French Revolutionary Wars, rising to command the Army of the Rhine in 1794.	Claude Ignace François Michaud	28 October 1751
date of birth	Richard T. Williamson (born 1958) is a non-fiction writer who has written many books and articles on asset protection, estate planning, and capital gains tax planning.	Richard T. Williamson	1958
date of birth	Tynnetta Muhammad (10 May 1941 -- 16 February 2015) was a journalist and commentator who was a longtime columnist for the publications of the Nation of Islam (NOI) and who was the spouse of the NOI leader Elijah Muhammad.	Tynnetta Muhammad	10 May 1941
date of birth	Dungue Lima (born 24 February 1983) is a São Toméan footballer who has played for the São Tomé and Príncipe national team.	Dungue Lima	24 February 1983
date of birth	Michael Joseph Barry (1817 -- 23 January 1889) was an Irish poet, author, and political figure.	Michael Joseph Barry	1817
date of birth	Marc Lütolf (born 24 June 1987) is a former Swiss footballer In February 2008 he joined Gossau.	Marc Lütolf	24 June 1987
date of birth	William Eric Hollies (5 June 1912 -- 16 April 1981) was an English cricketer, who is mainly remembered for taking the wicket of Donald Bradman for a duck in Bradman's final Test match innings, in which only four was needed for a Test average of 100.	Eric Hollies	5 June 1912
date of birth	Stephen Clark Foster (1820 -- January 27, 1898) was a politician, the first American mayor of Los Angeles under United States military rule.	Stephen Clark Foster	1820
date of birth	Vagif Sadygov (born 1 April 1959, Azerbaijani: Vaqif Sadıqov) is an Azerbaijani football manager with Armenian anchestory from mother side.	Vagif Sadygov	1 April 1959
date of birth	Charles Denton Abel was born in London in 1831, the grandson of August Christian Andreas Abel, who was court miniature painter to the Grand Duke of Mecklenburgh Schwerin.	Charles Denton Abel	1831
date of birth	Tom Jeffrey (born 26 September 1938) is an Australian film and TV producer and director.	Tom Jeffrey	26 September 1938
date of birth	Lorie Tarshis (22 March 1911 -- 4 October 1993) was a Canadian economist who taught mostly at Stanford University.	Lorie Tarshis	22 March 1911
date of birth	Kumar Bose (born 4 April 1953) is an Indian tabla maestro and composer of Indian classical music.	Kumar Bose	4 April 1953
date of birth	Thomas Bickley (1518--1596) was an English churchman, a Marian exile who became Warden of Merton College, Oxford and Bishop of Chichester	Thomas Bickley	1518
date of birth	Norman E. Bowie (born 1942) is professor emeritus at the University of Minnesota.	Norman E. Bowie	1942
date of birth	Viktor Alekseevitch Frolov (born 28 April 1936) is a Russian pathophysiologist and medical scientist.	Viktor Alekseevitch Frolov	28 April 1936
date of birth	Nola Chilton (born 1922) is an American-born Israeli theater director and acting teacher.	Nola Chilton	1922
date of birth	Michael T. Wright FSA (born in 1948, London, England) was formerly curator of mechanical engineering at the Science Museum and later at Imperial College in London, England.	Michael T. Wright	1948
date of birth	Roberto López-Corrales (born 28 June 1974, in Alicante), also known by the artistic pseudonym ROLOCO, is a Spanish visual artist and composer.	Roberto López-Corrales	28 June 1974
date of birth	Miguel Navarro, known in Latin as Michael Navarrus (Pamplona, 1563 -- Pamplona, 2 January 1627) was a Spanish composer.	Michael Navarrus	1563
date of birth	Adam Foti (born 20 February 1984) is an Australian football (soccer) striker with an Italian passport who played for several Cypriot and Greek clubs.	Adam Foti	20 February 1984
date of birth	William James Weighell (born 28 January 1994) is an English cricketer who plays for Durham and made his first-class debut in 2015.	James Weighell	28 January 1994
date of birth	Alexander De Croo (born 3 November 1975) is a Flemish liberal politician, economist and businessman.	Alexander De Croo	3 November 1975
date of birth	Stanislav Lunev (born 1946 in Leningrad) is a former Soviet military officer, the highest-ranking GRU officer to defect from Russia to the United States.	Stanislav Lunev	1946
date of birth	Chris Browne (born 1952) is an American comic strip artist and cartoonist.	Chris Browne	1952
date of birth	Yavilah McCoy (born November 8, 1972), an African-American Jew, is the founder of Ayecha, a nonprofit organization providing educational resources for Jewish Diversity and advocacy for Jews of Color in the United States.	Yavilah McCoy	1972
date of birth	Gonzalo Tellechea (born 11 July 1985) is an Argentine triathlete.	Gonzalo Tellechea	11 July 1985
date of birth	Tanya Datta (born 16 July 1972) is a British Asian radio and television journalist and writer.	Tanya Datta	16 July 1972
date of birth	Chris Rudd (born 17 December 1969) is a former rugby league footballer who usually played as a centre.	Chris Rudd	1969
date of birth	Taj Haider, SI (Urdu: تاج حيدر; born 8 March 1942) is a notable left-wing statesman, nationalist, playwright, mathematician, versatile scholar, and Marxist intellectual.	Taj Haider	8 March 1942
date of birth	Paul Rankin (born 1 October 1959 Glasgow, Scotland) is a celebrity chef from Ballywalter, County Down, Northern Ireland.	Paul Rankin	1 October 1959
date of birth	Donald Trelford (born 9 November 1937) is a British journalist and academic, who was editor of The Observer newspaper from 1975 to 1993.	Donald Trelford	9 November 1937
date of birth	John Francis Sartorius (1775?-1831?), was an English painter of horses, horse-racing and hunting scenes, a member of the celebrated Sartorius family of artists.	John Francis Sartorius	1775
date of birth	Pir Ilahi Bux or Pir Ilahi Buksh (Urdu: پیر الہی بخش ‎) was born at Pir Jo Goth near Bhansyedabad on 9 July 1890 in a spiritual family of Dadu District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Pir Ilahi Bux	9 July 1890
date of birth	Alien Huang (traditional Chinese: 黃鴻升; simplified Chinese: 黄鸿升; pinyin: Huáng Hóng Shēng), also known as Xiao Gui (小鬼), is a Taiwanese singer, actor, TV presenter, lyricist, writer, illustrator and fashion designer, born on 28 November 1983.	Alien Huang	28 November 1983
date of birth	Nireah Johnson (1986 -- July 23, 2003) was an African American trans woman who was murdered in Indianapolis, Indiana by Paul Moore, after Moore discovered that Johnson was transgender.	Nireah Johnson	1986
date of birth	Ali Nobakht Haghighi (Persian: علی نوبخت حقیقی ) (born 1948, Rasht, Iran) is an Iranian (Persian) professor of Internal Medicine-Nephrology.	Ali Nobakht	1948	1948
date of birth	Daniela Yordanova (Bulgarian: Даниела Йорданова)(born 8 March 1976 in Slivnitsa) is a Bulgarian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Daniela Yordanova	8 March 1976
date of birth	Ted Cain (born c. 1952) coached in the college football ranks for over 30 years.	Ted Cain	1952
date of birth	M. S. Abdul Khader (c. 1932 - 3 October 2009) was an Indian politician of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) and later, Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.	M. S. Abdul Khader	1932
date of birth	Ellis Jenkins (born 29 April 1993) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a flanker.	Ellis Jenkins	29 April 1993
date of birth	Dávid Radványi (born 19 September 1989) is a professional Slovak footballer currently plays for Vasas SC.	Dávid Radványi	19 September 1989
date of birth	Edward Lhuyd (pronounced (ˈɬuɪd); usually rewritten as Llwyd in recent times) (1660 -- 30 June 1709) was a Welsh naturalist, botanist, linguist, geographer and antiquary.	Edward Lhuyd	1660
date of birth	Sister Paula González, S.C., Ph.D., (born 1932) entered the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati in 1954.	Paula González	1932
date of birth	Isa Hoes (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈisaː ɦus); born 13 June 1967) is a Dutch actress and voice actress.	Isa Hoes	13 June 1967
date of birth	Jean Black Ngody (born 21 January 1978 in Mudeka) is a former Cameroonian footballer and current anchor of Chiltern Voice.	Jean Black Ngody	21 January 1978
date of birth	Iben Sandemose (born 13 July 1950) is a Norwegian illustrator, children's writer, playwright and biographer.	Iben Sandemose	1950
date of birth	Clive Aslet (born 1955) is editor-at-large of Country Life magazine, a writer on British architecture and life, and a campaigner on countryside and other issues.	Clive Aslet	1955
date of birth	Liam Doran (born 22 March 1987) is a professional rallycross driver competing in the FIA World Rallycross Championship, Global RallyCross Championship, X Games, and European Rallycross Championship.	Liam Doran	22 March 1987
date of birth	Michelle Scutt (born Probert on 17 June 1960) is a former British Olympic athlete.	Michelle Scutt	17 June 1960
date of birth	Rüdiger Dorn (born 1969) is a German-style board game designer.	Rüdiger Dorn	1969
date of birth	Kenichi Yumoto (Japanese: 湯元健一; born 4 December 1984 in Wakayama) is a Japanese freestyle wrestler.	Kenichi Yumoto	4 December 1984
date of birth	Violet Fane was the literary pseudonym of Mary, Baroness Currie, née Mary Montgomerie Lamb (24 February 1843, Beauport Park -- 13 October 1905, Harrogate), a British novelist, poet and essayist of Victorian era.	Violet Fane	24 February 1843
date of birth	Paul Emsley (born 25 August 1947) is a British artist who worked in South Africa until 1996 and is now resident in Bradford-on-Avon, Wiltshire, England.	Paul Emsley	25 August 1947
date of birth	Marquis Calmes IV (born 26 February 1755) was an American military leader.	Marquis Calmes	26 February 1755
date of birth	Justin Westhoff (born 1 October 1986) is a footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL.	Justin Westhoff	1 October 1986
date of birth	Monica Nicholle Sandra Dewi Gunawan Basri (8 August 1983), better known as Sandra Dewi, is an Indonesian model and actress.	Sandra Dewi	8 August 1983
date of birth	Gabriel Rossi (born 3 February 1971, Orbost, Victoria) is an Italian Australian comedian living in Melbourne.	Gabriel Rossi	3 February 1971
date of birth	Brigadier General Ignatius Slamet Rijadi (Perfected Spelling: Ignatius Slamet Riyadi; 26 July 1927 -- 4 November 1950) was an Indonesian soldier.	Slamet Rijadi	26 July 1927
date of birth	Mamma Andersson (born 1962) is a contemporary artist based in Stockholm.	Mamma Andersson	1962
date of birth	Chung Thye Yong (Chinese: 郑大养, b. 1868; d. 20 Oct 1915), also known as Chung Ah Yong (郑亚养), was a Malaysian philanthropist, tin miner, rubber planter, rugby player and racehorse owner of the 19th century.	Chung Thye Yong	1868
date of birth	Dong Hengyi (Chinese: 董蘅毅; pinyin: Dǒng Héngyì; born 25 March 1991), formerly known as Dong Chunyu (Chinese: 董春雨; pinyin: Dǒng Chūnyǔ), is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Dong Hengyi	25 March 1991
date of birth	Rolf Ziegler (born 17 January 1951 in Stuttgart) is a former athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	Rolf Ziegler	17 January 1951
date of birth	Damien Marcq (born 8 December 1988 in Boulogne-sur-Mer) is a French football player who currently plays for the Belgian club Sporting Charleroi.	Damien Marcq	8 December 1988
date of birth	Flavio Raffo (born 14 January 1972) is an Italian football manager and a former footballer.	Flavio Raffo	1972
date of birth	Diana Kačanova (born 7 January 1993) is a Lithuanian race walker, who internationally competes for Lithuania.	Diana Kačanova	7 January 1993
date of birth	Herbert Benson (born 1935), is an American medical doctor, cardiologist, and founder of the Mind/Body Medical Institute at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.	Herbert Benson	1935
date of birth	Mikk Pinnonen (born 4 January 1991) is an Estonian handballer who plays as a playmaker for Știința Municipal Dedeman Bacău in the Romanian Liga Naţională and the Estonian national team.	Mikk Pinnonen	4 January 1991
date of birth	Field Marshal Fat'hi Abu Taleb (born 1933) is the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in the Jordanian military.	Fat'hi Abu Taleb	1933
date of birth	Rowan Gormley (born 8 June 1962) is a South African born entrepreneur.	Rowan Gormley	8 June 1962
date of birth	Rudolph Lennhoff (1865 - December 27, 1933) was one of the best known medical authorities in Berlin.	Rudolph Lennhoff	1865
date of birth	Per Vari Kerloc'h (born 1952) is the current Grand Druid of the Goursez Breizh (founded in 1899).	Per Vari Kerloc'h	1952
date of birth	Daan Noppen (Arnhem, 14 January 1977 -- lives and works in Amsterdam) is a Dutch contemporary artist mainly working in drawing and photography.	Daan Noppen	14 January 1977
date of birth	Mario Armond Zamparelli (c. 1921 -- September 8, 2012) was an American artist and designer, best known for his connection with Howard Hughes.	Mario Armond Zamparelli	1921
date of birth	Al Pike (born 1961 in New York City, New York) is an American musician, best known as the bassist of the hardcore punk band Reagan Youth, as well as briefly being a member of Samhain.	Al Pike	1961
date of birth	Jamie Lamb (born 13 April 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Geelong in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Jamie Lamb	13 April 1968
date of birth	William Tattenbaum, aka Russian Bill (1853-November 9, 1881) was an outlaw of the Old West, and an outlaw Cowboy in Cochise County, Arizona.	William Tattenbaum	1853
date of birth	Calvin Newton (born 1929) is a Gospel music singer and pioneering Contemporary Christian music personality from West Frankfort, Illinois.	Calvin Newton	1929
date of birth	Victoria Borwick, Lady Borwick (born Victoria Lorne Peta Poore; 26 April 1956) is a British Conservative politician who serves as Member of Parliament for Kensington.	Victoria Borwick	26 April 1956
date of birth	Rinzin Dorji (born 1976) also known as Rinzin Rinzin, is a runner from Pam village in Trashigang, Bhutan.	Rinzin Dorji	1976
date of birth	Elder Peter Godsday Orubebe (born 6 June 1959) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Niger Delta on 6 April 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.	Peter Godsday Orubebe	6 June 1959
date of birth	Ben Quilter (born 8 October 1981) is a British paralympic judoka.	Ben Quilter	8 October 1981
date of birth	Seaman Second Class Andrew Jackson Gandy (born 20 October 1924 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) was awarded the Navy Cross during World War II.	Andrew Jackson Gandy	20 October 1924
date of birth	Suzanne Romaine (born 1951) is an American linguist known for work on historical linguistics and sociolinguistics.	Suzanne Romaine	1951
date of birth	Elias Nakhleh (Arabic: إلياس نخلة‎, Hebrew: אליאס נח'לה‎; born 1913, died 6 September 1990) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1959 and 1974.	Elias Nakhleh	1913
date of birth	Natalie Suleyman (born Nazlı Süleyman on 6 June 1974) is an Australian politician.	Natalie Suleyman	6 June 1974
date of birth	Louis Lortie, OC, CQ (born 27 April 1959) is a French-Canadian pianist.	Louis Lortie	27 April 1959
date of birth	Hossein Zakeri (Persian حسین ذاکری), Prof. Dr. (born 27 December 1942) is an Iranian mathematician.	Hossein Zakeri	27 December 1942
date of birth	David Millner (born 24 July 1938) is a former English cricketer who played first class cricket for Derbyshire between 1960 and 1964.	David Millner	24 July 1938
date of birth	Banwari Lal Joshi (born 27 March 1936) is an Indian political figure who was Governor of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh from 2009 to 24 June 2014.	Banwari Lal Joshi	27 March 1936
date of birth	Harvey Grace (1874--1944) was an English organist and music writer.	Harvey Grace	1874
date of birth	Lu Sui (路隨 or 路隋) (776 -- August 16, 835), courtesy name Nanshi (南式), was an official of the Chinese Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Wenzong.	Lu Sui	776
date of birth	David Horovitch (born 11 August 1945) is an English actor, perhaps best known for playing the character of Inspector Slack in Miss Marple.	David Horovitch	11 August 1945
date of birth	Howza, born Tshepo Howard Mosese, (19 July 1983) is a South African rapper, songwriter and actor.	Howza	19 July 1983
date of birth	Henry Rhiney (born 28 November 1951) is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1976 and 1979, and European champion between 1978 and 1979.	Henry Rhiney	28 November 1951
date of birth	Loyd Blankenship (born 1965), better known by his pseudonym The Mentor, is a well-known computer hacker and writer.	Loyd Blankenship	1965
date of birth	Eugenio Raúl Zaffaroni (born in Buenos Aires, 1940) is an Argentine lawyer.	Raúl Zaffaroni	1940
date of birth	Wilfred John Simkin CMG (15 June 1883 -- 8 July 1967) was the 6th Anglican Bishop of Auckland whose Episcopate spanned a 20-year period during the middle of the 20th century.	John Simkin	15 June 1883
date of birth	Mirko Slomka (German pronunciation: (ˈmɪɐ̯ko ˈslɔmka); born 12 September 1967) is a German football manager who last managed Hamburger SV.	Mirko Slomka	12 September 1967
date of birth	Fauxstar is the recording name of Ryan Briggs (born 16 July 1986 in Sheffield, England), a British Electronic Music Producer.	Fauxstar	16 July 1986
date of birth	Feng Xiaoning (simplified Chinese: 冯小宁; traditional Chinese: 馮小寧; pinyin: Féng Xiǎoníng) (born 1954) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.	Feng Xiaoning	1954
date of birth	Fabian Göranson (born 1978 in Stockholm), is a Swedish illustrator and publisher of graphic novels and comics.	Fabian Göranson	1978
date of birth	Olle Hilding (born Hilding Olof Johansson; 19 July 1898 in Stockholm -- 9 November 1983 in Stockholm) was a Swedish stage and film actor.	Olle Hilding	19 July 1898
date of birth	Don Leicht (born 1946) is a visual artist who has worked as a painter and sculptor in the Bronx, New York City for over thirty years.	Don Leicht	1946
date of birth	Alex Schoenbaum (born August 8, 1915 in Charleston, West Virginia -- d. December 6, 1996 in Sarasota, Florida) was an American collegiate football player and businessman in the hospitality industry, eventually operating a chain of motels and over 1,000 restaurants.	Alex Schoenbaum	1915
date of birth	Dave Randolph-Mayhem Davis (born 1989) is an American actor based out of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Dave Randolph-Mayhem Davis	1989
date of birth	Giorgio Bracardi (born 3 May 1935) is an Italian actor, composer and stand-up comedian.	Giorgio Bracardi	3 May 1935
date of birth	Ashlee Vance (born 1977) is an American business columnist.	Ashlee Vance	1977
date of birth	José de Eusebio (born 1966, Madrid) is a Spanish conductor and musicologist.	José de Eusebio	1966
date of birth	Katrina Sedgwick (born 27 December 1967) is the Australian CEO and director of the Australian Centre for the Moving Image.	Katrina Sedgwick	27 December 1967
date of birth	Tony Ross (born 10 August 1938) is a British illustrator and author of children's picture books.	Tony Ross	10 August 1938
date of birth	Tijana Dapčević (Macedonian: Тијана Дапчевиќ, Serbian: Тијана Дапчевић, Serbian pronunciation: (tǐjana dâptʃeʋitɕ), née Todevska, Macedonian: Тијана Тодевска, Serbian: Тијана Тодевска, born 3 February 1976) also known as simply Tijana, is a pop singer performing mainly in Serbia.	Tijana Dapčević	3 February 1976
date of birth	Ingo Giezendanner (born 1975) is a painter and installation artist and member of the Kroesos Foundation.	Ingo Giezendanner	1975
date of birth	Richard Peter Gaughan usually known as Dick Gaughan (born 17 May 1948, Glasgow) is a Scottish musician, singer, and songwriter, particularly of folk and social protest songs.	Dick Gaughan	17 May 1948
date of birth	George Coșbuc (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe koʃˈbuk); 20 September 1866 -- 9 May 1918) was a Romanian poet, translator, teacher, and journalist, best remembered for his verses describing, praising and eulogizing rural life, its many travails but also its occasions for joy.	George Coșbuc	20 September 1866
date of birth	Mariama Ndoye-Mbengue (born 1953) is a Senegalese writer born Mariama Ndoye.	Mariama Ndoye	1953
date of birth	Shane Millard (born 30 July 1975) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Shane Millard	30 July 1975
date of birth	Dexter Skeene (born 1 April 1964 in Trinidad and Tobago) is a former international Trinidadian footballer having played for Malta Carib Alcons, Maple Club, and the national team.	Dexter Skeene	1 April 1964
date of birth	Shane Durkin (born 1 July 1987) is a Hurling player for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda's.	Shane Durkin	1 July 1987
date of birth	Du Deyin (Chinese: 杜德印; pinyin: Dù Déyìn; born July 1951) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Du Deyin	1951
date of birth	Shi Hongjun (simplified Chinese: 石鸿俊; traditional Chinese: 石鴻俊; pinyin: Shí Hóngjùn; born 4 October 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two.	Shi Hongjun	4 October 1991
date of birth	Jegaatha (born 3 January 1956) is a famous Tamil author of over 500 short stories, 30 small novels, 10 novels, 100 poems and more than 300 books on various titles.	Jegaatha	3 January 1956
date of birth	Geary Gravel (born 1951) is an American science fiction author and professional sign language interpreter.	Geary Gravel	1951
date of birth	Mohammed Taheri (Persian: محمد طاهری‎‎, born 4 February 1952) was the Iranian Ambassador in Portugal.	Mohammed Taheri	4 February 1952
date of birth	Sir Harbottle Grimston, 1st Baronet (c. 1569--1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1614 and 1648.	Sir Harbottle Grimston, 1st Baronet	1569
date of birth	Göran Waxberg (23 May 1919 -- 2007) was a Swedish decathlete who won a bronze medal at the 1946 European Championships.	Göran Waxberg	23 May 1919
date of birth	Jean Schwarzwalder (born 1980), known as Suzy Hotrod, is a roller derby skater.	Suzy Hotrod	1980
date of birth	Elijah Ware (born 14 April 1983) is a retired Australian Rules Football player, who played for Port Adelaide in the AFL, and played for the Central District Bulldogs in the SANFL.	Elijah Ware	14 April 1983
date of birth	Xu Yaoyuan (Chinese: 许耀元; born December 1952) is a general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Xu Yaoyuan	December 1952
date of birth	Adrià Díaz (born 17 September 1990) is a Spanish ice dancer who skates with Olivia Smart.	Adrià Díaz	17 September 1990
date of birth	Chân Không (born in 1938) is an expatriate Vietnamese Buddhist nun, peace activist, and has worked closely with Thích Nhất Hạnh in the creation of Plum Village and helping conduct spiritual retreats internationally.	Chân Không	1938
date of birth	Peter Sekaer (born Peter Ingemann Sekjær 1901 - July 14, 1950) was a Danish-American photographer and artist.	Peter Sekaer	1901
date of birth	Kathrin Zettel (born 5 August 1986) is an Austrian retired World Cup alpine ski racer.	Kathrin Zettel	5 August 1986
date of birth	Maxim Jakubowski (1944) is a crime, erotic, science fiction and rock music writer and critic.	Maxim Jakubowski	1944
date of birth	Dan Olaru (born 11 November 1996 in Chişinău, Moldova) is a Moldovan-Romanian archer.	Dan Olaru	11 November 1996
date of birth	Alan Bjerga (born 1973) is an American journalist, author of the book Endless Appetites:	Alan Bjerga	1973
date of birth	Gao Zhunyi (simplified Chinese: 高准翼; traditional Chinese: 高準翼; pinyin: Gāo Zhŭnyì; Hangul: 고준익; born 21 August 1995) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Gao Zhunyi	21 August 1995
date of birth	Victor Ferraz Macedo (born 14 January 1988), known as Victor Ferraz, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as right back.	Victor Ferraz	14 January 1988
date of birth	Monica Heller (born June 1955) is a Canadian linguistic anthropologist and Professor at the University of Toronto.	Monica Heller	June 1955
date of birth	Radko Polič (born 18 August 1942) is an award-winning Slovenian theatre, television and film actor.	Radko Polič	18 August 1942
date of birth	Nicolas Blaise Des Bergères de Rigauville (1679 -- July 1739) was an officer in the colonial regular troops of New France He was the commandant of Fort Niagara for a time and became the seigneur of two seigneuries through marriage.	Nicolas Blaise Des Bergères de Rigauville	1679
date of birth	Michael Joseph Schofield, known as Mike Schofield (born 1969), is a former policy advisor to Governor Rick Perry who is an incoming 2015 Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 132 in northwestern Harris County, Texas.	Mike Schofield	1969
date of birth	Damian Grammaticas (born June 1970 in Nairobi) is a British journalist, working for the BBC.	Damian Grammaticas	1970
date of birth	Benoît Tréluyer (born 7 December 1976) is a French professional racing driver.	Benoît Tréluyer	7 December 1976
date of birth	Ron Tarrant (born 11 October 1988 Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian Producer/Sound Designer as well as Singer/Guitarist/Producer in the band Lost In Film.	Ron Tarrant	11 October 1988
date of birth	Katarzyna Radtke, née Schewe (born 31 August 1969 in Bydgoszcz) is a retired Polish race walker.	Katarzyna Radtke	31 August 1969
date of birth	Daniel DiLucchio (born 1973) is an American Midget professional wrestler best known by his ring name Short Sleeve Sampson.	Short Sleeve Sampson	1973
date of birth	Anthony Petrosky (born 1948, Exeter, Pennsylvania) is an American poet, and professor.	Anthony Petrosky	1948
date of birth	Ewa Nowak (born 21 December 1966 in Warsaw) is a Polish writer, teacher, therapist and journalist.	Ewa Nowak	21 December 1966
date of birth	Frank A. Stevenson (born 1970) is a Norwegian software developer, and part-time cryptanalyst.	Frank A. Stevenson	1970
date of birth	Stoyan Petrov (Bulgarian: Стоян Петров, 31 March 1956) is a Bulgarian former cyclist.	Stoyan Petrov	31 March 1956
date of birth	Réal Giguère (born 24 May 1933) began his career as a radio announcer from 1956 to 1961.	Réal Giguère	24 May 1933
date of birth	Helen Kemp (March 31, 1918 -- August 23, 2015) was an American voice teacher, church music pedagogue, composer, and children's choir clinician.	Helen Kemp	1918
date of birth	Nicholas Winmar (born 27 April 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Nicholas Winmar	27 April 1991
date of birth	Jean-Fernand Brierre (23 September 1909 -- 1992) was a Haitian poet, dramatist, journalist, and diplomat.	Jean-Fernand Brierre	23 September 1909
date of birth	Vesna Pusić (pronounced (ʋɛ̂sna pǔːsitɕ); born 25 March 1953) is a Croatian sociologist and politician who served as a First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign and European Affairs in the centre-left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović.	Vesna Pusić	25 March 1953
date of birth	Aub Charleston (22 November 1901 -- 5 August 1985) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Aub Charleston	22 November 1901
date of birth	(Joseph) Raymond Doherty, Lord Doherty (born 30 January 1958) is a Scottish lawyer and Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the Supreme Courts of Scotland.	Raymond Doherty, Lord Doherty	30 January 1958
date of birth	Sai Sai Kham Leng (Burmese: စိုင်းစိုင်းခမ်းလှိုင်; pronounced: (sáiɴ sáiɴ kʰáɴ l̥àiɴ); also Sai Sai Kham Hlaing; born 10 April 1979) is a well-known Burmese rapper, songwriter, model, novelist, and actor of ethnic Shan descent.	Sai Sai Kham Leng	10 April 1979
date of birth	Henry Cheng Kar-shun (Traditional Chinese: 鄭家純, Simplified Chinese:郑家纯 ); born 1946, Hong Kong), GBS, is a Hong Kong billionaire entrepreneur.	Henry Cheng	1946
date of birth	Bill Keene (1927 -- April 5, 2000) was a television and radio personality who became famous in the Los Angeles, California market as a traffic and weather announcer.	Bill Keene	1927
date of birth	Donald Carswell (11 February 1882 -- 2 January 1940) was a Scottish barrister, journalist and author.	Donald Carswell	11 February 1882
date of birth	Gregory O'Kane (born 1972) is an Irish former hurler who is the current coach of the Antrim senior hurling team.	Gregory O'Kane	1972
date of birth	Eric Faulkner (born 21 October 1953 as Eric Falconer) is a guitarist, songwriter, and singer, best known as a member of the Scottish pop band, the Bay City Rollers.	Eric Faulkner	21 October 1953
date of birth	Bernard Morin (French: (mɔʁɛ̃); born 1931) is a French mathematician, specifically a topologist, who is now retired.	Bernard Morin	1931
date of birth	Peter Cibák (born 2 March 1981 in Liptovský Mikuláš) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2010s.	Peter Cibák	2 March 1981
date of birth	Terence Marsh (born 14 November 1931) is a British production designer.	Terence Marsh	14 November 1931
date of birth	Nam-Trung Nguyen (born 14 April 1970) is a researcher on the fields of Microfluidics, Nanofluidics.	Nam-Trung Nguyen	14 April 1970
date of birth	Lucien Plourde (born 27 March 1930 at Saint-Augustin-de-Québec, Quebec) was a Ralliement Créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Lucien Plourde	27 March 1930
date of birth	Robert William Griffiths (28 May 1896 -- 29 Jan 1962) was a farmer and businessman whose principal interests lay in dairy farm production in Wales.	Robert William Griffiths	28 May 1896
date of birth	Sebastian Kappen (4 January 1924, Kodikulam, Kerala (India) - 30 November 1993, Bangalore, India), was an Indian Jesuit priest and theologian.	Sebastian Kappen	1924
date of birth	Vice-Admiral Sir Robert Walmsley KCB, FREng, FRSA, FIET (born 1 February 1941) was Chief of Defence Procurement at the UK Ministry of Defence from 1996 to 2003, and is a retired Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy.	Robert Walmsley	1 February 1941
date of birth	Julian Codman (21 September 1870-30 December 1932) was born in Cotuit, Massachusetts as the son of Charles Russell Codman and his wife, née Lucy Lyman Paine Sturgis.	Julian Codman	1870
date of birth	Dutee Chand (born 3 February 1996) is an Indian professional sprinter.	Dutee Chand	3 February 1996
date of birth	Józef Sękalski (1904--1972), also known as Josef Sekalski and Juozapas Senkalskis, was a Polish painter, printer, etcher and illustrator who lived and worked in Scotland.	Józef Sękalski	1904
date of birth	Javier Mazariegos, dedicated to agriculture and the cattle ranch, was born in 1951, is married and has three children.	Javier Mazariegos	1951
date of birth	Ray Korona (1946 - October 16, 2014) was an American folk musician, particularly known for topical songs.	Ray Korona	1946
date of birth	Lajos Bebrits (14 December 1891 -- 9 August 1963) was a Hungarian communist newspaper editor and politician.	Lajos Bebrits	14 December 1891
date of birth	Arnór Smárason (born 7 September 1988) is an Icelandic footballer who plays for Allsvenskan side Hammarby IF.	Arnór Smárason	7 September 1988
date of birth	David Desser (born 1953) is emeritus professor of cinema studies at the University of Illinois at Urbana--	David Desser	1953
date of birth	Dominique Deruddere (born 15 June 1957) is a Belgian film director, actor, screenwriter and producer.	Dominique Deruddere	15 June 1957
date of birth	Abebaw Butako (Amharic: ዓበባው ቡጣቆ?, born 20 April 1987 in Arba Minch) is an Ethiopian footballer.	Abebaw Butako	20 April 1987
date of birth	Ralph Hedley (31 December 1848 -- 14 June 1913) was a realist painter, woodcarver and illustrator, best known for his paintings portraying scenes of everyday life in the North East of England.	Ralph Hedley	31 December 1848
date of birth	Annemarie Forder (born 31 January 1978) is an Australian who competes in the individual Olympic Air Pistol event, where she won a bronze medal at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, she also competed at the 1996 Atlanta Summer Olympic Games in the same event, where she placed 23rd.	Annemarie Forder	31 January 1978
date of birth	Ray Hudson (born 24 March 1955) is a retired English professional football player and former coach who currently works as an English-language football commentator on beIN Sport.	Ray Hudson	24 March 1955
date of birth	Lisa F. Jackson (born 1950) is an American documentary filmmaker, known most recently for her films, The Greatest Silence:	Lisa F. Jackson	1950
date of birth	Gemma Cuervo Igartua (born 22 June 1936) is a Spanish TV, cinema and theatre actress.	Gemma Cuervo	22 June 1936
date of birth	Veerle Baetens (born 24 January 1978) is a Belgian actress and singer probably best known for her role as Elise/Alabama in The Broken Circle Breakdown.	Veerle Baetens	24 January 1978
date of birth	Thomas Charles Edwards (22 September 1837 -- 22 March 1900) was a Welsh minister, writer and academic who was the first Principal of the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth.	Thomas Charles Edwards	22 September 1837
date of birth	David Ewing Duncan (born 1958) is an American journalist, author and broadcaster with a special emphasis on new discoveries and their implications in biotechnology and the life sciences; he also reports on the environment and on green technologies.	David Ewing Duncan	1958
date of birth	Marion Hume (born 3 July 1962) is a British fashion journalist based in London.	Marion Hume	3 July 1962
date of birth	Michel Vonk (born 28 October 1968) is a Dutch former professional footballer and the current manager of Eerste Divisie side Telstar.	Michel Vonk	28 October 1968
date of birth	Colin Kenna (born 28 July 1976 in Dublin) is an Irish boxer, formerly a holder of the BBofC Southern Area heavyweight title belt.	Colin Kenna	28 July 1976
date of birth	Csaba Tőri (born 12 November 1987) is a musical conductor, music teacher and founding member of the Moltopera Company.	Csaba Tőri	12 November 1987
date of birth	Edwin Wilcox (born 1841) was a one term Democratic mayor of South Norwalk, Connecticut in 1890.	Edwin Wilcox	1841
date of birth	Duke Friedrich August of Oldenburg (11 January 1936) is a member of the House of Holstein-Gottorp.	Duke Friedrich August of Oldenburg	11 January 1936
date of birth	Millie Wilson (born 1948 in Hot Springs, Arkansas) is an artist and teacher who lives and works in Austin, TX.	Millie Wilson	1948
date of birth	Albert Richard Mohr (1911--1992) was a German music and theatre expert.	Albert Richard Mohr	1911
date of birth	Giorgos Kokkinis (Greek: Γεώργιος Κοκκίνης; born 27 April 1989) is a Greek footballer.	Giorgos Kokkinis	27 April 1989
date of birth	Harriet Wheeler (born 26 June 1963) is an English singer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer of the 1980s/1990s alternative rock band, The Sundays.	Harriet Wheeler	26 June 1963
date of birth	Andrés Felipe Arias Leiva (born 4 May 1973) is a Colombian economist, sentenced to 17 years and 4 months of prison for a corruption scandal during his time as Minister of Agriculture.	Andrés Felipe Arias Leiva	4 May 1973
date of birth	Sasha Skenderija (born 4 July 1968) is a Bosnian-American poet currently residing in Prague.	Sasha Skenderija	4 July 1968
date of birth	Abudureyimu Ajiyiming (born 1943) is a Chinese politician and accountant.	Abudureyimu Ajiyiming	1943
date of birth	Khwairakpam Chaoba Singh (born 1895, Uripok Sorbon Thingen leikai, Imphal--1950) was a poet, essayist, prose-Writer and novelist.	Khwairakpam Chaoba	1895
date of birth	Zoltán Žebík (born 3 August 1992) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club FC VSS Košice as a centre back.	Zoltán Žebík	3 August 1992
date of birth	Isabel Magkoeva (Russian: Изабель Казбековна Магкоева, born 20 January 1991) is a Russian political activist.	Isabel Magkoeva	20 January 1991
date of birth	Juraj Dobrović (pronounced (jûraj dǒːbrovit͡ɕ); born 1928 in Jelsa, Croatia) is a Croatian artist working in the media of sculpture, painting and graphic arts.	Juraj Dobrović	1928
date of birth	Dora Deliyska (Bulgarian: Дора Делийска; born 1980) is a Bulgarian concert pianist currently living in Vienna, Austria.	Dora Deliyska	1980
date of birth	Gilbert W. Fitzhugh (1911--December 29, 1997) was an American actuary who became a businessman and community leader in New York City.	Gilbert W. Fitzhugh	1911
date of birth	David Zarefsky (born 1946) is an American communication scholar with research specialties in rhetorical history and criticism.	David Zarefsky	1946
date of birth	Joseph Gerrald (9 February 1763 -- 16 March 1796) was a political reformer, one of the ``Scottish Martyrs''.	Joseph Gerrald	9 February 1763
date of birth	Quentin Bone FRS (born 17 August 1931) is a British marine biologist.	Quentin Bone	17 August 1931
date of birth	Kevin Rans (born 19 August 1982 in Ekeren) is a former Belgian pole vaulter.	Kevin Rans	19 August 1982
date of birth	Mbuya Beulah Dyoko, best known as Mbuya Dyoko (23 November 1944 -- 26 May 2013) was a Zimbabwean musician.	Mbuya Dyoko	23 November 1944
date of birth	Ellen Ash Peters (born March 21, 1930 in Berlin) is an American lawyer and judge.	Ellen Ash Peters	1930
date of birth	Robert Mailer Anderson (born 1968) is an American novelist, screenwriter, and philanthropist.	Robert Mailer Anderson	1968
date of birth	Amnon Sella (born 1934) is a prominent International Relations and Soviet Studies scholar and an author.	Amnon Sella	1934
date of birth	Peter Roney (15 January 1887 -- 25 August 1930) was a professional footballer who played in goal for Norwich City and Bristol Rovers prior to the First World War.	Peter Roney	15 January 1887
date of birth	Hon. Christopher O'Reilly, K.S.G., (1835 -- 11 January 1910) was a politician in colonial Tasmania.	Christopher O'Reilly	1835
date of birth	Hege Skjeie (born 15 May 1955) is a Norwegian political scientist and feminist.	Hege Skjeie	15 May 1955
date of birth	Erin Richards (born 17 May 1986) is a Welsh actress, best known for playing detective Nancy Reid in the television series Being Human and Barbara Kean in the television series Gotham.	Erin Richards	17 May 1986
date of birth	Hajjah Maria Ulfah (born 21 December 1955) is an Indonesian Qur'an reciter and manager of the Central Institute for the Development of Quranic Recitation.	Maria Ulfah	21 December 1955
date of birth	Marco Bellocchio (Italian: (ˈmarko belˈlɔkkjo); born 9 November 1939) is an Italian film director, screenwriter, and actor.	Marco Bellocchio	9 November 1939
date of birth	Tony Kern (born 1969) is a Singapore-based American film director, screenwriter, motion picture artist and film producer.	Tony Kern	1969
date of birth	Abimbola Lagunju (born in 1960 in Ibadan) is a Nigerian author.He studied Medicine in St Petersburg, Russia (1979--1987).	Abimbola Lagunju	1960
date of birth	Franciotto Orsini (1473--1534) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal.	Franciotto Orsini	1473
date of birth	Kallum Watkins (Born 12 March 1991 in Manchester, England) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Leeds of Super League.	Kallum Watkins	12 March 1991
date of birth	Heather Reid OBE CPhys FinstP (born c. 1969), also known as ``Heather the Weather'', is a Scottish meteorologist and former television weather presenter for BBC Scotland.	Heather Reid	1969
date of birth	Sven Thieme (born 8 February 1968) is a Namibian businessman magnate.	Sven Thieme	8 February 1968
date of birth	Trần Quốc Hiền (born c. 1965) is a Vietnamese lawyer and author imprisoned by the Vietnamese government for his union activities.	Trần Quốc Hiền	1965
date of birth	Ann Barrett OBE (born 27 February 1943), is Emeritus Professor of Oncology in the University of East Anglia, England, and formerly deputy dean of the School of Medicine and lead clinician for oncology at the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital NHS Trust.	Ann Barrett	27 February 1943
date of birth	Ernest Entwistle Cheesman (21 September 1898 Wood Green - February 1983 Weybridge), was an English botanist noted for his work on the family Musaceae.	Ernest Entwistle Cheesman	21 September 1898
date of birth	Jamie Rix (born 1958) is an English children's author.	Jamie Rix	1958
date of birth	Vrindavan Lal Verma, an eminent Hindi novelist and playwright, was born on 9 January 1889 at Mauranipur and died on 23 February 1969.	Vrindavan Lal Verma	9 January 1889
date of birth	Jenő Major (6 August 1891 -- 13 January 1972) was a Hungarian military officer, who served as the last Commander of the Hungarian Second Army during the Second World War.	Jenő Major	6 August 1891
date of birth	Solvi Stubing (born 19 January 1941) is a German actress and TV personality, mainly active in Italy.	Solvi Stubing	19 January 1941
date of birth	Ruggero Trevisan (born 12 March 1990) is a former Italian rugby union player who played as a fullback.	Ruggero Trevisan	12 March 1990
date of birth	Amalia Ulman (born 1989), is an Argentinian born Spanish artist, working across mediums, including poetry, graphic design, video, iOS mobile uploads, painting, and installation.	Amalia Ulman	1989
date of birth	Henri Boel (born 5 September 1931) is a Belgian politician and a judge.	Henri Boel	5 September 1931
date of birth	Shaiman Anwar Butt (Urdu: انور این شیما‎; born 15 March 1979) is an Emirati cricketer of Pakistani origin.	Shaiman Anwar	15 March 1979
date of birth	Robert Jackson Hanvey, born at Blennerhasset, Cumbria, on 16 August 1899, was an English sportsman.	Robert Jackson Hanvey	16 August 1899
date of birth	Sir Frank Leslie Walcott, KA, OBE (16 September 1916 -- 24 February 1999) was a Barbadian trade unionist, politician, ambassador and one of the ten National Heroes of Barbados.	Frank Leslie Walcott	16 September 1916
date of birth	Sir Henry Felton, 2nd Baronet (27 July 1619 - 20 October 1690) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1656 and 1679.	Sir Henry Felton, 2nd Baronet	27 July 1619
date of birth	Joseph G. Hitner (born 1862, date of death unknown) owned an iron works in Philadelphia.	Joseph G. Hitner	1862
date of birth	Zhang Xiaoqiang (Chinese: 张晓强; pinyin: Zhāng Xiǎoqiáng) (born 1952) is the vice-director of the Chinese National Development and Reform Commission.	Zhang Xiaoqiang	1952
date of birth	Deena Larsen (born 1964) is a new media, hypertext author, known for ground-breaking work in creating structural patterns in hypermedia literature.	Deena Larsen	1964
date of birth	Simo Halinen (born 1963) is a Finnish film director, screenwriter, actor and author.	Simo Halinen	1963
date of birth	Benedictus van Haeften (1588 -- 31 July 1648) was the Provost of Affligem Abbey and a writer of religious works.	Benedictus van Haeften	1588
date of birth	Marc Quinn (born 8 January 1964) is a British sculptor and visual artist.	Marc Quinn	8 January 1964
date of birth	Youcef Nadarkhani (born 1977) is an Iranian Christian pastor who was sentenced to death (but later acquitted) in Tehran as being a Christian having been born into Islam.	Youcef Nadarkhani	1977
date of birth	Werner Pawlok (born 1953 in Stuttgart) is a German artist and photographer known for his celebrity and art photography, especially for his work with the 20x24'' Polaroid Camera.	Werner Pawlok	1953
date of birth	Cosimo Morelli (1732 -- February 26, 1812) was an Italian architect, active throughout the Papal States in a Neoclassic style.	Cosimo Morelli	1732
date of birth	Jesús Segovia Pérez (born 16 June 1989), better known by his stage name Xuso Jones, is a Spanish singer and composer.	Xuso Jones	16 June 1989
date of birth	Dennis Jacobs (born 1944) is a federal judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.	Dennis Jacobs	1944
date of birth	Yavuz Tatış (born 1947) is a businessman from İzmir, Turkey, who has accumulated over the years one of the richest private collections in Turkey of historical artifacts dating from the Anatolian, Ancient Greek, Roman and Byzantine periods.	Yavuz Tatış	1947
date of birth	Elaine Vassie (born 10 October 1981 in Paisley) is a Scottish rugby union coach.	Elaine Vassie	10 October 1981
date of birth	Włodzimierz Zakrzewski (1916--1992) was a Polish painter, graphician and poster artist.	Włodzimierz Zakrzewski	1916
date of birth	Karel Lambert (born 1928) is a philosopher and logician at the University of California, Irvine and the University of Salzburg.	Karel Lambert	1928
date of birth	Ed Bahlman (born 1950) is the American founder of 99 Records, the legendary postpunk label from New York, home to ESG and Liquid Liquid.	Ed Bahlman	1950
date of birth	Alejandro Nieto (born in Montevideo, 7 January 1988) is a Uruguayan rugby union player.	Alejandro Nieto	7 January 1988
date of birth	Brendan Quigley (born 19 January 1986) is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.	Brendan Quigley	1986
date of birth	Anka Muhlstein (born 1935) is a historian and biographer.	Anka Muhlstein	1935
date of birth	Charles E. White, Jr. (1876--1936) was a noted Chicago area architect who for a time worked in the Oak Park studio of Frank Lloyd Wright and who, both before and after that time, had a successful and influential career as an architect and a writer on architectural subjects.	Charles E. White, Jr.	1876
date of birth	Jacques Archambault (c. 1604 -- February 15, 1688) was a French colonist in Montreal.	Jacques Archambault	1604
date of birth	Cosimo Sarli (born 13 March 1979) is a well-travelled Italian footballer who plays as a striker.	Cosimo Sarli	13 March 1979
date of birth	Mike Bannister (born 1949) is an airline pilot.	Mike Bannister	1949
date of birth	Russell Ohlsen (born 1 December 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Russell Ohlsen	1 December 1955
date of birth	Rob Grange (born 1950 in Flint, Michigan, United States), is an American rock bass guitarist, best known for his work with Ted Nugent and his unique phase bass lines in the song ``Stranglehold''.	Rob Grange	1950
date of birth	Selin Sayek Böke (born 1 January 1972) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who has served as a Member of Parliament for İzmir's second electoral district since 7 June 2015.	Selin Sayek Böke	1 January 1972
date of birth	Julian Claman (1918 -- April 24, 1969) was an American actor, war correspondent, press agent, stage manager, TV writer/producer, playwright, and finally novelist.	Julian Claman	1918
date of birth	Valeriya Khanina (Ukrainian: Валерія Ханіна; Russian: Валерия Ханина; born 13 April 1999 in Donetsk) is a Ukrainian rhythmic gymnast.	Valeriya Khanina	13 April 1999
date of birth	Zoran Ranković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Ранковић ; born 7 December 1969 in Belgrade) is a retired Serbian international football player.	Zoran Ranković	7 December 1969
date of birth	Deshabandu Muttiah Muralitharan (also spelt Muralidaran; born 17 April 1972) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who was rated the greatest Test match bowler ever by Wisden Cricketers' Almanack in 2002.	Muttiah Muralitharan	17 April 1972
date of birth	Sharie De Castro (born 31 December 1991 in Road Town) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss British Virgin Islands 2012, was represented British overseas territory to the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.	Sharie De Castro	31 December 1991
date of birth	Elizabeth M. Coggs (born 1956; also known as Elizabeth Coggs-Jones) is a Wisconsin Democratic politician.	Elizabeth M. Coggs	1956
date of birth	Ryan Riess (born June 21, 1990) is an American professional poker player best known for winning the 2013 World Series of Poker Main Event.	Ryan Riess	1990
date of birth	Pierre de Camboust, duc de Coislin (1664--1710) was a duke and peer of France, succeeding his father.	Pierre de Camboust, duc de Coislin	1664
date of birth	Michael Schottenberg (born 10 July 1952) is an Austrian actor, film director and screenwriter.	Michael Schottenberg	10 July 1952
date of birth	Irene Jelagat (born 10 December 1988) is a Kenyan middle-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Irene Jelagat	10 December 1988
date of birth	Simen Aanerud (born 28 June 1981) is a Norwegian musician and inventor from Nes in Akershus.	Simen Aanerud	28 June 1981
date of birth	Kathleen Annette (born 1955) is a public health advocate from Minnesota.	Kathleen Annette	1955
date of birth	Dr. Judit Czunyi-Bertalan (born 6 August 1974) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kisbér then Komárom (Komárom-Esztergom County Constituency III) since 2014.	Judit Czunyi-Bertalan	6 August 1974
date of birth	Hugh Leonard Thompson Murphy, best known as Lenny Murphy (2 March 1952 -- 16 November 1982), was an Ulster loyalist from Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Lenny Murphy	2 March 1952
date of birth	John Neergaard (11 November 1795 -- 15 June 1885) was a Norwegian farmer, bailiff, and politician.	John Neergaard	11 November 1795
date of birth	Richard W. Sears, Jr. (born 1943) is a Democratic member of the Vermont State Senate, representing the Bennington senate district.	Richard W. Sears	1943
date of birth	Davor Badrov (born 21 September 1992) is a Bosnian Croat pop-folk singer whose musical career started in 2007, when he was 15 years old.	Davor Badrov	21 September 1992
date of birth	David Darom (Hebrew: דוד דרום‎) (born 1943 in Bombay, India), is a nature photographer.	David Darom	1943
date of birth	Dominic Jephcott (born 28 July 1957) is a RADA-trained English actor.	Dominic Jephcott	28 July 1957
date of birth	John Whitbourn (born 1958) is an English author of novels and short stories focusing on alternative histories set in a 'Catholic' universe.	John Whitbourn	1958
date of birth	Eddie Argos (born Kevin Macklin 25 October 1979) is the lead singer of English rock band Art Brut.	Eddie Argos	25 October 1979
date of birth	David Patrick Griffin (born 25 May 1945), known professionally as Dave Lee Travis, is an English disc jockey, radio presenter and television presenter.	Dave Lee Travis	25 May 1945
date of birth	Kenny McDowall (born 29 July 1963) is a Scottish football player and coach.	Kenny McDowall	29 July 1963
date of birth	Ahmet Şimşirgil (1959, Sinop - ) is a Turkish academic.	Ahmet Şimşirgil	1959
date of birth	Beongcheon Yu (born 1925) (Hangul: 유병천) is the translator of Natsume Sōseki's novel The Wayfarer and author of a critical study on Soseki.	Beongcheon Yu	1925
date of birth	Jock Archibald (25 August 1895 -- unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darlington, Grimsby Town and Newcastle United.	Jock Archibald	25 August 1895
date of birth	Murray M. Harris (1866--1922) is considered to be the ``Father of Organ Building in the American West'', and is remembered for building pipe organs of exceptional beauty and quality.	Murray M. Harris	1866
date of birth	Džej Ramadanovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Џеј Рамадановски, born 29 April 1964) is a popular Serbian singer.	Džej Ramadanovski	29 April 1964
date of birth	Maria Charles (born 22 September 1929) is an English film, television and stage actress, director and comedienne.	Maria Charles	22 September 1929
date of birth	Vicki DaSilva (born c. 1960) is an American light painter and graffiti artist.	Vicki DaSilva	1960
date of birth	John Mortlock (1755--1816) was a British banker, Member of Parliament and 13 times mayor of Cambridge.	John Mortlock	1755
date of birth	Vitaliy Komarnytskyi (Ukrainian: Віталій Станіславович Комарницький, born 2 August 1981 in Vinnytsya, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian footballer who participated in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Cup.	Vitaliy Komarnytskyi	2 August 1981
date of birth	Padma Venkatraman, also known as T. V. Padma (born 1969) is a children's author from India.	T. V. Padma	1969
date of birth	Richard T. Morrison (born 1967 in Hutchinson, Kansas) is a judge of the United States Tax Court.	Richard T. Morrison	1967
date of birth	Andrea Spofford (1986--present) is an American poet, essayist, and professor.	Andrea Spofford	1986
date of birth	Vernon Weiss (born 1951) was a key person in the development of the Dell XPS computer line at Dell and was the director of the computer line at Packard Bell.	Vernon Weiss	1951
date of birth	Samuel Brandram (1824--1892) was an English barrister, known for his later career as a professional reciter of drama.	Samuel Brandram	1824
date of birth	Yehoshua Rokeach (1825 -- February 3, 1894), known as the Ohel Yehoshua, was the second Rebbe of the Belz Hasidic dynasty.	Yehoshua Rokeach	1825
date of birth	Janet Kisa (born 5 December 1992) is a Kenyan middle- and long-distance runner who competes in track, cross country, and road running events.	Janet Kisa	5 December 1992
date of birth	Ron Prosor (Hebrew: רון פרושאור; born 11 October 1958) is an Israeli diplomat, writer, and columnist.	Ron Prosor	11 October 1958
date of birth	Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim, TI (Urdu: فخر الدين جى ابراهيم; born 12 February 1928) is a Pakistani retired judge and a legal expert.	Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim	12 February 1928
date of birth	Carlos Guillermo Haydon Otamendi (born 25 March 1976) is a Venezuelan actor and model known for his role in telenovelas.	Carlos Guillermo Haydon	25 March 1976
date of birth	Gianni Motta (born 13 March 1943) is an Italian former bicycle racer who won the 1966 Giro d'Italia .	Gianni Motta	13 March 1943
date of birth	Jenny Buckley (born 1979) is an Irish actress and television presenter, who is currently the main weather presenter on UTV Ireland, a position she has held since the channel's launch in January 2015.	Jenny Buckley	1979
date of birth	Leif Preus (18 February 1928 -- 5 May 2013) was a Norwegian photographer and museum founder.	Leif Preus	18 February 1928
date of birth	Claës Ture Wersäll (12 August 1883 -- 18 December 1965) was a Swedish gymnast who won a bronze medal in the tug of war event at the 1906 Summer Olympics.	Ture Wersäll	12 August 1883
date of birth	Kenneth Cortsen (born 25 April 1976) is a Danish sport management researcher from Aarhus School of Business, Aarhus University and Associate Professor from University College of Northern Denmark (UCN), Department of Sport Management.	Kenneth Cortsen	25 April 1976
date of birth	Derek Abbott (born 3 May 1960, in South Kensington, London, UK) is a physicist and electronic engineer.	Derek Abbott	3 May 1960
date of birth	Stefano Denswil (born 7 May 1993) is a Dutch footballer of Surinamese descent who plays as a centre back for Club Brugge in the Belgian Pro League.	Stefano Denswil	7 May 1993
date of birth	Jia Zhibang (Chinese: 贾治邦; born November 1946) is a Chinese politician, who served between 2005 and 2012 as the Director of State Forestry Administration.	Jia Zhibang	1946
date of birth	Hans Stanley PC (23 September 1721 -- 12 January 1780) was a British diplomat and statesman.	Hans Stanley	23 September 1721
date of birth	Shafqat Ali Khan (born 17 June 1972) is a classical singer from Pakistan.	Shafqat Ali Khan	17 June 1972
date of birth	Julian Cochran (born 14 June 1974) is an English-born Australian composer.	Julian Cochran	14 June 1974
date of birth	Gela Inalishvili (born 3 October 1966) is a former Soviet and Georgian footballer.	Gela Inalishvili	3 October 1966
date of birth	Richard McSherry (21 November 1817 in Martinsburg, Virginia (now West Virginia) -- 7 October 1885 in Baltimore) was an American physician, one of the founders of the Baltimore Academy of Medicine and its first president.	Richard McSherry	1817
date of birth	Damyan Georgiev (Bulgarian: Дамян Георгиев), (born 18 January 1950) is a former Bulgarian football (soccer) player.	Damyan Georgiev	18 January 1950
date of birth	György Kossuth de Udvard et Kossuthfalva (Slovak: Juraj Košút, 1781, Kossuth - 31 July 1849, Kossuth) was a Hungarian nobleman, an agronomist and a supporter of the Slovak national movement.	György Kossuth	1781
date of birth	Abdull Ghafar Khan (born 21 July 1962), better known as Phillip Khan, is a Hong Kong businessman and political activist.	Phillip Khan	21 July 1962
date of birth	Ezra Thayre (also spelled Thayer) (October 14, 1791--Unknown) was an early convert and leader in the Latter Day Saint movement.	Ezra Thayre	1791
date of birth	Blake Shinn (born 26 September 1987) is an Australian jockey, whose first big win was the 2008 Melbourne Cup on Viewed.	Blake Shinn	26 September 1987
date of birth	Jean Nicolas Collignon (1762--?1788) was a gardener and botanist from the Jardin du Roi who served on the La Pérouse expedition to the South Seas (1785--?1788).	Jean Nicolas Collignon	1762
date of birth	Kobi Refua (Hebrew: קובי רפואה‎, born 3 September 1974) is a former Israeli footballer and currently a joint-manager of Maccabi Petah Tikva.	Kobi Refua	3 September 1974
date of birth	Catherine Fillol (or Filliol) (c. 1507 - c.1535) was the daughter and co-heiress of Sir William Fillol (1453 - 9 July 1527), of Woodlands, Horton, Dorset, and of Fillol's Hall, Essex.	Catherine Fillol	1507
date of birth	Jon Aberasturi Izaga (born 28 March 1989) is a Spanish cyclist, who last rode for the Euskadi team.	Jon Aberasturi	28 March 1989
date of birth	Taylor Antrim (born 1974) is a writer and editor best known for his novels The Headmaster Ritual and Immunity.	Taylor Antrim	1974
date of birth	Saif al-Islam Gaddafi (Arabic: سيف الإسلام معمر القذافي‎; born 25 June 1972) is a former Libyan political figure.	Saif al-Islam Gaddafi	25 June 1972
date of birth	David Dabydeen (born 9 December 1955) is a Guyanese-born critic, writer, novelist and academic.	David Dabydeen	9 December 1955
date of birth	Edward af Sillén (born 1982) is a Swedish comedy writer, screenwriter and director.	Edward af Sillén	1982
date of birth	Klaas de Boer (born 6 January 1942, Kollum) is a retired U.S. soccer player and coach.	Klaas de Boer	6 January 1942
date of birth	Gavrail Panchev (born 15 October 1954 in Stamboliyski) is a Bulgarian author, researcher and publicist.	Gavrail Panchev	15 October 1954
date of birth	Klodian Duro (born 21 December 1977 in Tiranë) is an Albanian professional football coach and former player who is current manager of Albanian Superliga club FK Kukësi.	Klodian Duro	21 December 1977
date of birth	Ray Lampkin, Jr. (born 1948 in Portland, Oregon) is a retired professional boxer who lost the 1975 World Boxing Association (WBA) lightweight title fight against Roberto Durán in Panama.	Ray Lampkin	1948
date of birth	Michael Hermanussen (born 26 April 1955 in Hamburg) is a German pediatrician and professor at the University of Kiel.	Michael Hermanussen	26 April 1955
date of birth	C. Saravanakarthikeyan (Tamil: சி. சரவணகார்த்திகேயன்) (born 13 August 1984), known as CSK is a Tamil writer.	C. Saravanakarthikeyan	13 August 1984
date of birth	Tankei (湛慶 1173 -- June 13, 1256) was a Japanese sculptor of the Kei school, which flourished in the Kamakura period.	Tankei	1173
date of birth	Khalil Hamra (born 1979, Kuwait) is an Arab photojournalist based on Rafah in the Gaza Strip.	Khalil Hamra	1979
date of birth	Marcella Mancini (born 5 September 1971) is an Italian long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Marcella Mancini	5 September 1971
date of birth	Mavie Marcos (born 29 April 1978) is an American singer and songwriter, currently residing near San Francisco, California.	Mavie Marcos	29 April 1978
date of birth	Mykola Bahrov (also as Nikolai Bagrov) (26 October 1937 -- 21 April 2015) was a Ukrainian and Soviet academician and politician.	Mykola Bahrov	26 October 1937
date of birth	Rade Šerbedžija (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (rǎːde ʃerbědʒija); born 27 July 1946), occasionally credited as Rade Sherbedgia in some English language productions, is a Croatian actor, director and musician of Serbian ethnicity.	Rade Šerbedžija	27 July 1946
date of birth	Si Tianfeng (Chinese: 司天峰, Sī Tiānfēng, born 17 June 1984) is a Chinese race walker.	Si Tianfeng	17 June 1984
date of birth	Neill Blomkamp (born 17 September 1979) is a South African-Canadian film director, film producer, screenwriter, and animator.	Neill Blomkamp	17 September 1979
date of birth	Max Lilja (born 27 October 1975) is a Finnish cello player.	Max Lilja	27 October 1975
date of birth	Revital Swid (Hebrew: רויטל סויד‎; born 17 August 1967) is an Israeli criminal defense lawyer and politician.	Revital Swid	17 August 1967
date of birth	Jason Barry (born 14 December 1972) is an Irish actor best-known for his portrayal of Tommy Ryan in the 1997 blockbuster Titanic.	Jason Barry	14 December 1972
date of birth	Nick Gillard (born 1959) is a British stunt man and coordinator.	Nick Gillard	1959
date of birth	Hallie Ephron (born March 1948) is an American novelist, book reviewer, journalist, and writing teacher.	Hallie Ephron	March 1948
date of birth	Obiora Udechukwu (born 1946) is a Nigerian painter and poet.	Obiora Udechukwu	1946
date of birth	Milton Halberstadt (1919--2000) had an illustrious career in fine art and commercial photography that spanned seven decades and left a body of work covering genres from abstract art to commercial photography.	Milton Halberstadt	1919
date of birth	Mina Anwar (born 20 September 1969 in Church, near Accrington, Lancashire, England) is an English actress.	Mina Anwar	20 September 1969
date of birth	Alexis Panisse (born 21 June 1993) is a middle-distance runner of American-Dominican descent.	Alexis Panisse	21 June 1993
date of birth	David Buttifant (born 3 March 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1987.	David Buttifant	3 March 1964
date of birth	Fransiskus Xaverius Hadi Rudyatmo (born 13 February 1960) or know F.X. Hadi Rudyatmo is an Indonesian politician and the current Mayor of Surakarta.	F.X. Hadi Rudyatmo	13 February 1960
date of birth	Peter Bolgar (born 1936) is a British television and radio announcer, married since 1962 to Archers actress Angela Piper.	Peter Bolgar	1936
date of birth	Mata Gabin is an actress, author, and actress of theatre, born in 1972 in Toulépleu, Côte d'Ivoire.	Mata Gabin	1972
date of birth	John Dorahy (born 28 August 1954) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer and coach.	John Dorahy	28 August 1954
date of birth	Alexis Savaidis (born 1983) is an Australian radio personality on SAFM in Adelaide.	Alexis Savaidis	1983
date of birth	Tom Alvin (born 21 April 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented Carlton and Victoria.	Tom Alvin	21 April 1962
date of birth	Geoffrey Simmons (born 1943) is a medical doctor, author, lecturer, trainer and intelligent design advocate from Eugene, Oregon.	Geoffrey Simmons	1943
date of birth	Ashia Hansen, MBE (born 5 December 1971) is a retired British triple jumper who competed internationally from 1994 to 2008.	Ashia Hansen	5 December 1971
date of birth	Jamie Courtney (born 22 April 1988 in Ashington, Northumberland) is an English motorcycle speedway rider.	Jamie Courtney	22 April 1988
date of birth	Sheng Peng (Chinese: 盛鹏; pinyin: Shèng Péng; born 9 February 1989) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.	Sheng Peng	9 February 1989
date of birth	Pippa Mann (born 11 August 1983) is a British racing car driver, who competes in the Verizon IndyCar Series.	Pippa Mann	11 August 1983
date of birth	Karine Vanasse (born 24 November 1983) is a French Canadian actress, who had roles in the films Polytechnique, Séraphin:	Karine Vanasse	24 November 1983
date of birth	Jay Bista (born 23 December 1995) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Mumbai in domestic cricket.	Jay Bista	23 December 1995
date of birth	John Christian Langli (born 1961) is a Norwegian economist, and Professor at the BI Norwegian Business School.	John Christian Langli	1961
date of birth	Peter-Frans Pauwels (born June 1965) is a Dutch entrepreneur.	Peter-Frans Pauwels	1965
date of birth	Stanislav George Djorgovski (born 1956) is an American astrophysicist.	Stanislav George Djorgovski	1956
date of birth	Gocha Gujabidze (Georgian: გოჩა გუჯაბიძე; born 7 July 1971) is a retired Georgian professional football player.	Gocha Gujabidze	7 July 1971
date of birth	Janko Prunk ( pronunciation ) (born 30 December 1942) is a Slovenian historian of modern history.	Janko Prunk	30 December 1942
date of birth	Edward Maya (born Eduard Marian Ilie; 29 June 1986) is a Romanian DJ, musician, producer, performer, and composer.	Edward Maya	29 June 1986
date of birth	Jayathri Ranjani Samarakone (born 18 September 1953) is a Sri Lankan accountant, lawyer and diplomat.	Jayathri Ranjani Samarakone	18 September 1953
date of birth	Raphael Hamburger (born 2 April 1981) is a French producer and a soundtrack music supervisor.	Raphael Hamburger	2 April 1981
date of birth	Sir William Lockhart of Lee (1621--1675), after fighting on the side of Charles I in the English Civil War, attached himself to Oliver Cromwell, whose niece he married, and who later appointed Lockhart commissioner for the administration of justice in Scotland in 1652.	William Lockhart of Lee	1621
date of birth	Josephine Lovett (21 October 1877 -- 17 September 1958) was an American scenario writer, adapter, screenwriter and actress, active in films from 1916 to 1935.	Josephine Lovett	21 October 1877
date of birth	Pedro Ferrer Mula (1908 - date of death unknown), was a Cuban footballer that played in Iberia Havana.	Pedro Ferrer	1908
date of birth	August Mentz (5 December 1867 -- 5 November 1944) was a Danish botanist, peat extraction and moor reclamation expert and a pioneer in nature conservation.	August Mentz	5 December 1867
date of birth	Cho Man-sik (Korean: 조만식, pen-name Kodang) (1 February 1883 -- October? 1950) was a nationalist activist in Korea's independence movement.	Cho Man-sik	1 February 1883
date of birth	Nikola Čačić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Чачић, pronounced (ˈnikola ˈtʃâ:tʃitɕ); born 7 December 1990) is a Serbian professional tennis player.	Nikola Čačić	7 December 1990
date of birth	Alain Touwaide (born 19 September 1953 in Brussels-Berchem Sainte Agathe) is a US historian of medicine and sciences of Belgian origin currently teaching a course for the Fall Quarter at the University of California Los Angeles.	Alain Touwaide	19 September 1953
date of birth	Quan Yeomans (born 12 December 1972) is an Australian musician best known as the frontman of critically acclaimed and the multi-ARIA Music Award winning band Regurgitator.	Quan Yeomans	12 December 1972
date of birth	Valentina Tutayeva (Russian: Валентина Тутаева; born 1953) is a Russian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships; individually, she finished fourth in the 200 m butterfly event.	Valentina Tutayeva	1953
date of birth	Jan Krzysztof Bielecki ('jan ˈkʂɨʂtɔf bʲɛˈlɛt͡skʲi) (born 3 May 1951) is a Polish liberal politician and economist.	Jan Krzysztof Bielecki	3 May 1951
date of birth	Mykhaylo Radionov (born 9 September 1984) is a retired track cyclist from Ukraine.	Mykhaylo Radionov	9 September 1984
date of birth	Angela Maurer (born 27 July 1975) is a German long-distance swimmer.	Angela Maurer	27 July 1975
date of birth	Jeanne Tomasini (born June 25, 1920) is a Corsican writer of historical novels.	Jeanne Tomasini	1920
date of birth	Rrahman Morina (Serbian: Rahman Morina, Рахман Морина), (1943 -- 12 October 1990), was a Yugoslav police officer and political figure of Kosovo-Albanian origin.	Rrahman Morina	1943
date of birth	Alison Peebles (born 1953) is an award-winning Scottish actress, director, and writer in theatre, film, and television.	Alison Peebles	1953
date of birth	Ilana Dayan-Orbach (Hebrew: אילנה דיין‎; born 8 May 1964) is an Israeli investigative journalist, anchorwoman, and attorney.	Ilana Dayan	8 May 1964
date of birth	Jonathan Saunders (born 1977) is a Scottish fashion designer, known for his work with prints and use of traditional silk screening techniques.	Jonathan Saunders	1977
date of birth	Peter Paul Francis Degrand (1787-1855) or P.P.F. Degrand was a French-born broker and merchant in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th-century.	P.P.F. Degrand	1787
date of birth	Matthew Freud (born 2 November 1963) is head of Freud Communications, an international public relations firm in the United Kingdom.	Matthew Freud	2 November 1963
date of birth	Kevin Mattson (born 1966) is an American historian and critic.	Kevin Mattson	1966
date of birth	Mark Applebaum (born 1967 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and associate professor of music composition and theory at Stanford University.	Mark Applebaum	1967
date of birth	Qiao Zhenyu (born 1 November 1978) is a Chinese actor best known for appearing in various Chinese television series, including:	Qiao Zhenyu	1 November 1978
date of birth	Jiří Orság (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈorsaːk); born 5 January 1989 in Znojmo) is a Czech weightlifter.	Jiří Orság	5 January 1989
date of birth	Richard Pierpoint (Bundul c. 1744 - Canada c. 1837), also known as Black Dick and Captain Dick, was born about 1744 in Bundu in what is now Senegal.	Richard Pierpoint	1744
date of birth	Giuliano Sonzogni (born 2 February 1949) is an Italian football manager, currently of Ciliverghe Mazzano.	Giuliano Sonzogni	2 February 1949
date of birth	René Sterckx (born 18 January 1991) is a Belgian professional football player with Spanish roots who currently plays for Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Second Division.	René Sterckx	18 January 1991
date of birth	Torbjørn Digernes (born 30 March 1947 in Ørsta) is a Norwegian physicist and Professor of marine systems design.	Torbjørn Digernes	30 March 1947
date of birth	Margaretha Geertruida ``Margreet'' MacLeod (née Zelle; 7 August 1876 -- 15 October 1917), better known by the stage name Mata Hari, was a Dutch Frisian exotic dancer and courtesan who was convicted of being a spy and executed by firing squad in France under charges of espionage for Germany during World War I.	Mata Hari	7 August 1876
date of birth	Thomas E. Latimer (1879--1937) was an American lawyer who served as the Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota from 1935 to 1937.	Thomas E. Latimer	1879
date of birth	Melissa McClelland (born c. 1979) is an American-born Canadian singer-songwriter who lived in Hamilton, Ontario, in her youth and now bases her career from Toronto.	Melissa McClelland	1979
date of birth	George Michael James Giles (1853 - 1916) was an English surgeon and entomologist who specialised in mosquitoes.	George Michael James Giles	1853
date of birth	Kevin Wilkin (born 1 October 1967) is an English manager and former professional footballer.	Kevin Wilkin	1 October 1967
date of birth	Nava Arad (Hebrew: נאוה ארד‎, born 4 December 1938) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1981 and 1992, and again from 1995 until 1996.	Nava Arad	4 December 1938
date of birth	Henry John Pearson, FRGS (29 August 1850, Chilwell, Nottinghamshire - 8 February 1913 (aged 62), Asyut, Egypt) was a British ornithologist, naturalist, and explorer of the Far North of Europe.	Henry John Pearson	29 August 1850
date of birth	Gregory Wheeler (born 1968) is an American logician, philosopher, and computer scientist, who specializes in formal epistemology.	Gregory Wheeler	1968
date of birth	Tyree Scott (1940--2003) was a labor leader and activist deeply involved in many minority workers'' and equal opportunity organizations.	Tyree Scott	1940
date of birth	Djana Mata (born 13 August 1960) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games and the 2000 Summer Olympic Games, her best finish was 11th.	Djana Mata	13 August 1960
date of birth	Oleg Khvostov (born 19 October 1972) is a Russian painter, representative of naïve art. Since 2001 he's a member of the Russian Union of Artists and the Free Culture society since 2004.	Oleg Khvostov	19 October 1972
date of birth	Stephen Motika (born 1977 in Santa Monica, CA) is an American poet, editor, and publisher.	Stephen Motika	1977
date of birth	Aloysius Paul D'Souza (Konkani: अलोय्सिउस पौल डी सोझा (Devanagari), ಎಲೋಷಿಯಸ್ ಪಾವ್ಲ್ ಡಿ'ಸೋಜಾ (Kannada); born 21 June 1941) is the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mangalore.	Aloysius Paul D'Souza	21 June 1941
date of birth	Bill Leader (born 1929) is an English recording engineer and record producer.	Bill Leader	1929
date of birth	Michael Goonan (born 1967) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder and right wing-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Michael Goonan	1967
date of birth	James Rowland Ward (1848--1912) was a British taxidermist and founder of the firm Rowland Ward Limited of Piccadilly, London.	Rowland Ward	1848
date of birth	Emil Marwa, born in 1974, is a British actor, known for his acting in films like Izzat, East Is East, and The Guru.	Emil Marwa	1974
date of birth	Siti Nur Syatilla binti Amirol Melvin (born 8 February 1991), or professionally known as Syatilla Melvin is a Malaysian actress and a model.	Syatilla Melvin	8 February 1991
date of birth	Marika Rökk (3 November 1913 -- 16 May 2004) was an Egyptian-born singer, dancer and actress of Hungarian descent, who became famous in German films, notably in the Nazi era.	Marika Rökk	3 November 1913
date of birth	Ewa Rydell (born 26 February 1942) is a retired Swedish artistic gymnast who won two medals at the 1963 European Championships.	Ewa Rydell	26 February 1942
date of birth	Darlaine Mahealani Dudoit (1954 -- August 28, 2002) was a Hawaiian poet, essayist and editor.	Mahealani Dudoit	1954
date of birth	Jules Dervaes (born 1947) is an urban farmer and a proponent of the urban homesteading movement.	Jules Dervaes	1947
date of birth	Tom Christensen (born 1966) is a former Canadian politician and lawyer.	Tom Christensen	1966
date of birth	Shelley von Strunckel (born 15 July 1946) is a California-born sun sign astrologer with newspaper columns widely published in Europe, the Middle East, Australia and Asia.	Shelley von Strunckel	15 July 1946
date of birth	Dr. Mathews Mar Severios (born 12 February 1949) is a bishop of Indian Orthodox Church.	Mathews Mar Severios	12 February 1949
date of birth	Anders Berglund (born 21 July 1948, in Södermalm, Stockholm) is a Swedish arranger, composer, conductor, pianist and musician.	Anders Berglund	21 July 1948
date of birth	Annie Lambert (born 3 January 1946) is a British actress, best known to fans of the science fiction television series Doctor Who for her role as Enlightenment in the 1982 serial Four to Doomsday.	Annie Lambert	3 January 1946
date of birth	Alf Reidar Jacobsen (born 21 February 1950) is a Norwegian journalist, non-fiction writer, novelist, crime writer and biographer.	Alf Reidar Jacobsen	21 February 1950
date of birth	Wardina Safiyyah Fadlullah Wilmot (born 5 June 1979) in Kuala Lumpur is a Malaysian actress, model and Host.	Wardina Safiyyah	5 June 1979
date of birth	Emilio Butragueño Santos (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈmiljo βutɾaˈɣeɲo ˈsantos); born 22 July 1963) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.	Emilio Butragueño	22 July 1963
date of birth	Hans Neleman (born 30 May 1960, Vlaardingen) is a Dutch-born international photographer and film director residing in Connecticut and working in New York City.	Hans Neleman	30 May 1960
date of birth	Emiliano Strappini Allen (born 4 September 1986 in Armstrong), commonly known as Emiliano Strappini, is an Argentine amateur footballer.	Emiliano Strappini	4 September 1986
date of birth	Colin Fennelly (born 25 August 1989) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a corner-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.	Colin Fennelly	25 August 1989
date of birth	Marie Solo, also known as Soleil Diva (born 13 July 1956), is a DR Congolese soukous singer, dancer, producer, and composer.	Soleil Diva	13 July 1956
date of birth	Cynthia Rylant (born 6 June 1954) is an American author and librarian.	Cynthia Rylant	6 June 1954
date of birth	Karen Kornbluh (born 1963) is Executive Vice President of External Affairs at Nielsen.	Karen Kornbluh	1963
date of birth	Birgit Kober (10 July 1971) is a German Paralympic athlete.	Birgit Kober	10 July 1971
date of birth	Ivan Čermak (born 19 December 1949) is a Croatian businessman, politician and former general.	Ivan Čermak	19 December 1949
date of birth	Anne Dunn (born 4 September 1929) is an English artist associated with the second generation of the School of London.	Anne Dunn	4 September 1929
date of birth	Rosa García Ascot (8 April 1902 in Madrid -- 2 May 2002 in Torrelaguna, Madrid) was a Spanish composer and pianist.	Rosa García Ascot	8 April 1902
date of birth	Don Paterson, OBE, FRSL (born 1963) is a Scottish poet, writer and musician.	Don Paterson	1963
date of birth	Hector Hugh Munro (18 December 1870 -- 14 November 1916), better known by the pen name Saki, and also frequently as H. H. Munro, was a British writer whose witty, mischievous and sometimes macabre stories satirize Edwardian society and culture.	Saki	18 December 1870
date of birth	Annamária Tóth (née Kovács born 14 September 1945) is a Hungarian athlete who competed in various disciplines.	Annamária Tóth	14 September 1945
date of birth	Peter Brenchley (23 October 1936 -- 23 April 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1950s.	Peter Brenchley	23 October 1936
date of birth	Joo Hyong-jun (Hangul: 주형준, born 22 April 1991) is a South Korean speed skater.	Joo Hyong-jun	22 April 1991
date of birth	Gina Birch (born 1955) is an English musician and filmmaker, probably best known as a founding member of The Raincoats.	Gina Birch	1955
date of birth	Karl Bischoff (9 August 1897 -- 2 October 1950) was a German architect, engineer and SS-Sturmbannführer.	Karl Bischoff	9 August 1897
date of birth	Sergio Castellitto (born 18 August 1953) is an Italian actor, film director, and screenwriter.	Sergio Castellitto	18 August 1953
date of birth	Abdoulaye Soulama (born 29 November 1979 in Banfora) is a Burkinabé football player who currently plays for Hearts of Oak SC.	Abdoulaye Soulama	29 November 1979
date of birth	Marco Valotti (born 13 November 1995) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Renate as a forward.	Marco Valotti	13 November 1995
date of birth	Giacomo Damiani (August 1871, Portoferraio - 1944) was an Italian ichthyologist and ornithologist Born into a wealthy family on Elba island, Giacomo Damiani graduated from the University of Genoa and became a teacher of Natural Sciences in secondary schools.	Giacomo Damiani	1871
date of birth	Rampal Singh (born 1 September 1930 Village Sikta Siddarthnagar district) is an Indian politician, belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Rampal Singh	1 September 1930
date of birth	Henk Grim (born 1 April 1962) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played for De Treffers, NEC, Den Bosch and AZ, as a striker.	Henk Grim	1 April 1962
date of birth	François Picquet (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa pikɛ); 4 December 1708 -- 15 July 1781) was a Sulpician priest who came to Montreal from France in 1734.	François Picquet	4 December 1708
date of birth	Frank Chikane (born 3 January 1951 in Bushbuckridge, Transvaal) is a South African civil servant, writer and cleric.	Frank Chikane	3 January 1951
date of birth	Lex Gold, CBE (born 14 December 1940 in Lanark, Scotland) is an administrator and former footballer who was a director of Caledonian MacBrayne as of 2012.	Lex Gold	14 December 1940
date of birth	Michael Ying or Ying Lee Yuen (Chinese: 邢李㷧; born December 1949) is a Hong Kong billionaire businessman and philanthropist.	Michael Ying	1949
date of birth	Michael Panckridge (born 1962) is an Australian author who writes fictional sport novels for children.	Michael Panckridge	1962
date of birth	Kazuo Ietani (born 25 August 1977) is a Japanese long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon.	Kazuo Ietani	25 August 1977
date of birth	Simon Stevenson (born 18 February 1972) is an English darts player who has competed on both the BDO and PDC circuits.	Simon Stevenson	1972
date of birth	Graham Liptrot (born 8 July 1955) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for St. Helens, as a Hooker, i.e. number 9, during the era of contested scrums.	Graham Liptrot	8 July 1955
date of birth	Steven Mintz (born 1953), is an American historian, Executive Director of the University of Texas System's Institute for Transformational Learning and a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin.	Steven Mintz	1953
date of birth	Cheryl Dumesnil (born 1969) is an American author, poet and editor.	Cheryl Dumesnil	1969
date of birth	August Willem Philip Weitzel (The Hague, 6 January 1816 -- 29 March 1896) was a military officer who served as Dutch Minister of War for two cabinets, as well as Minister of Colonies in the interim Kabinet-Heemskerk Azn.	August Willem Philip Weitzel	6 January 1816
date of birth	Richard Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont (sometimes spelled Bellamont, 1636 -- 5 March 1700/1), known as The Lord Coote between 1683 and 1689, was a member of the English Parliament and a colonial governor.	Richard Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont	1636
date of birth	Edoardo Vianello (born 24 June 1938) is an Italian singer, composer and actor.	Edoardo Vianello	24 June 1938
date of birth	Basil Ringrose (about 1653) was an English buccaneer, navigator, geographer and author.	Basil Ringrose	1653
date of birth	Mitchell Block (born c. 1950) is an American filmmaker whose 2010 film Poster Girl was nominated for Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) and who Executive Produced the Academy Award winning documentary short film Big Mama for HBO in 2000.	Mitchell Block	1950
date of birth	Sudjai Cook (born 27 June 1976) is an Australian rules footballer who has played in the Australian Football League for the Adelaide Crows.	Sudjai Cook	27 June 1976
date of birth	Sotis Volanis (Greek: Σώτης Βολάνης, born in 1971) is a Greek singer.	Sotis Volanis	1971
date of birth	Slade Blackwell (born June 14, 1968) is a Republican member of the Alabama Senate for the 15th district, encompassing Jefferson County and Shelby County.	Slade Blackwell	1968
date of birth	Janne Stange (born 24 June 1986) is a Norwegian football defender who grew up on the west-coast island of Karmøy near Haugesund.	Janne Stange	24 June 1986
date of birth	William Thomas Waggoner (1852--1934) was an American rancher, oilman, banker, horsebreeder and philanthropist from Texas.	William Thomas Waggoner	1852
date of birth	Edoardo Cicorini (born 7 August 1967; better known as Edoardo Costa) is an Italian-born fashion model, actor and entrepreneur.	Edoardo Costa	7 August 1967
date of birth	Kristin Skogen Lund (born 11 August 1966) is the Director general of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.	Kristin Skogen Lund	1966
date of birth	Matthew Selt (born 7 March 1985) is an English professional snooker player originally from Romford and now living in Atherstone and playing out of the Atack snooker Centre in Nuneaton.	Matthew Selt	7 March 1985
date of birth	Nikki Hemming (born 1967) is the CEO and part owner of Sharman Networks and President of LEF Interactive, an agency based in Sydney, Australia, responsible for promoting and developing Kazaa, a peer-to-peer file sharing network, since 2002.	Nikki Hemming	1967
date of birth	Bert Deacon (8 November 1922 -- 3 January 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert Deacon	8 November 1922
date of birth	Václav Drobný (9 September 1980 -- 28 December 2012) was a Czech footballer who notably played for Sparta Prague having spent time in their youth team as well as spells at Czech, Slovakian, French and German sides.	Václav Drobný	9 September 1980
date of birth	Yang Zhen (simplified Chinese: 杨震; traditional Chinese: 楊震; pinyin: Yáng Zhèn; born 26 September 1967) is a Chinese fencer.	Yang Zhen	26 September 1967
date of birth	Matthew Branton (born 1968) is a British novelist and author.	Matthew Branton	1968
date of birth	Ao Li (born 8 February 1988) is a Chinese operatic bass-baritone and voice teacher who is particularly known for his performances at the San Francisco Opera.	Ao Li	8 February 1988
date of birth	Lewis Henry Lavenu (1818--59) was an English composer, conductor, musician and impresario.	Lewis Henry Lavenu	1818
date of birth	Andrea Gervasoni (born 21 July 1975 ) is an Italian professional football referee who officiates primarily in the Serie A.	Andrea Gervasoni	21 July 1975
date of birth	Carleton Rea (7 May 1861 -- 26 June 1946) was an English mycologist, botanist, and naturalist.	Carleton Rea	7 May 1861
date of birth	Laura Norton (born 19 June 1983) is an English actress from Newcastle upon Tyne best known for her role in ITV's Yorkshire based soap opera, Emmerdale as Kerry Wyatt.	Laura Norton	19 June 1983
date of birth	Tom De Haven (born 1949) is an American author, editor, journalist, and writing teacher.	Tom De Haven	1949
date of birth	Emily Bold (born 2 March 1980) is a German author who lives in Bavaria.	Emily Bold	2 March 1980
date of birth	Alexander Zeldin (born 24 April 1985) is a British theatre writer and director.	Alexander Zeldin	24 April 1985
date of birth	Bradley McCuaig (born 12 December 1970, in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired Canadian sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres.	Bradley McCuaig	12 December 1970
date of birth	Andrés Manuel Carretero (1927--2004) was an Argentine essayist and self-taught historian.	Andrés Manuel Carretero	1927
date of birth	Leandro José de Flores (1776--1839) was a Spanish priest and historian.	Leandro José de Flores	1776
date of birth	John Caspar Wild (or J.C. Wild) (1804-August 12, 1846) was an American painter and lithographer.	John Caspar Wild	1804
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Marten Dunne (27 August 1864 -- 23 February 1944) was a British army officer and Liberal politician.	Edward Marten Dunne	27 August 1864
date of birth	James S. Snyder (born 1952) is a museum director and art historian.	James S. Snyder	1952
date of birth	Katherine Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield (1609--1667) was the governess and confidante of Mary, Princess Royal and Princess of Orange.	Katherine Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield	1609
date of birth	Mario Parmisano (born 18 June 1960) is an Argentine virtuoso jazz and classical pianist.	Mario Parmisano	18 June 1960
date of birth	Jack Clifford (born 12 February 1993) is a rugby union player for the England national rugby union team and Premiership side Harlequins.	Jack Clifford	12 February 1993
date of birth	Mitchell Fields (né Mendel Feldman) was born on September 28, 1901 in a small village near Iaşi, Romania; he was the third of five sons of Marku Feldman and Tova Felderman.	Mitchell Fields	1901
date of birth	Roxanne Fontana (born Roseann Fontana 2 September 1959) is a dual-national Italian American author, singer, songwriter, musician, recording artist, poet, actress, and clothing and jewelry designer.	Roxanne Fontana	2 September 1959
date of birth	Jan Vincents Johannessen (born 25 May 1941) is a Norwegian physician, cancer researcher, hospital director, painter, text writer and composer.	Jan Vincents Johannessen	25 May 1941
date of birth	Alexis Rufus (born 28 April 1979) is an English Muay Thai kickboxer who competes in the bantamweight and featherweight divisions.	Alexis Rufus	28 April 1979
date of birth	Larry Santos (born 2 June 1941 in Oneonta, New York) is an American pop music singer-songwriter.	Larry Santos	2 June 1941
date of birth	Johann Pfeiffer (1 January 1697 - 1761) was a German violinist, concert master and composer of the late baroque period.	Johann Pfeiffer	1 January 1697
date of birth	The Venerable Khenpo Karma Tharchin Rinpoche (b. Spring, 1924), widely known by his abbreviated name Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche, is a senior lama of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.	Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche	1924
date of birth	Zarina Bhimji (born in 1963) is a Ugandan Asian photographer and film maker, who was nominated for the Turner Prize in 2007.	Zarina Bhimji	1963
date of birth	Ahn Jae-hyun (Hangul: 안재현; born 1 July 1987) is a South Korean actor and model.	Ahn Jae-hyun	1 July 1987
date of birth	Professor (Mary) Dominica Legge (26 March 1905 -- 10 March 1986) was a British scholar of the Anglo-Norman language.	Dominica Legge	26 March 1905
date of birth	Chris T-T (born Christopher Thorpe-Tracey, 16 September 1974) is an English singer/songwriter based in Brighton.	Chris T-T	16 September 1974
date of birth	David Matthew Macfadyen (born 17 October 1974) is a BAFTA award-winning English actor, known for his roles as MI5 Intelligence Officer Tom Quinn in the BBC television drama series Spooks, Fitzwilliam Darcy in the 2005 film of Pride & Prejudice and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy Death at a Funeral.	Matthew Macfadyen	17 October 1974
date of birth	Shivendra Singh Dungarpur (born 25 August 1969) is an Indian filmmaker, producer, film archivist and restorer.	Shivendra Singh Dungarpur	25 August 1969
date of birth	Ana Maruščec (born 31 August 1988 in Zagreb) is a Croatian team handball player who plays for Alcoa FKC in right back position.	Ana Maruščec	31 August 1988
date of birth	Shaun Timmins (born 6 August 1976 in Kiama, New South Wales) is an Australian retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Shaun Timmins	6 August 1976
date of birth	Haukur Jón Gunnarsson (born 5 July 1949) is an Icelandic theatre instructor and director.	Haukur Jón Gunnarsson	1949
date of birth	Lahiru Madushanka (born 12 September 1992), is a Sri Lankan First Class left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium-fast.	Lahiru Madushanka	12 September 1992
date of birth	Karl Wilfert (born Vienna 1 July 1907, died 8 March 1976) was chief of car body development at Daimler Benz AG between 1959 and 1976.	Karl Wilfert	1 July 1907
date of birth	Scott McGrory OAM (born 22 December 1969) in the Victorian country town of Walwa is an Australian former professional racing cyclist.	Scott McGrory	22 December 1969
date of birth	Robert Edward Cruickshank VC (17 June 1888 -- 30 August 1961) was an Anglo-Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Robert Edward Cruickshank	17 June 1888
date of birth	Lek Viriyaphant (1914 - November 17, 2000, Thai: เล็ก วิริยะพันธุ์, sometimes referred to as Khun Lek) was an eccentric Thai millionaire and patron of culture responsible for the construction of Ancient City, Erawan Museum and Sanctuary of Truth.	Lek Viriyaphant	1914
date of birth	Edvard Peperko (1966 -- 27 June 1991) was a Slovene soldier.	Edvard Peperko	1966
date of birth	Yew Cheng Hoe (born 1943) is a former world-class Malaysian badminton player.	Yew Cheng Hoe	1943
date of birth	Iakob Apkhazava (Georgian: იაკობ აფხაზავა; born 30 May 1991) is a Georgian professional footballer.	Iakob Apkhazava	30 May 1991
date of birth	Lars Thelander, born 1942, is a Swedish biochemist.	Lars Thelander	1942
date of birth	David Gurevich was born as Vyacheslav Gurevich in Kharkov, Ukraine in 1951.	David Gurevich	1951
date of birth	Giacomo Rossetti (Marone, 1807 - Brescia, 1882) is an Italian painter and photographer.	Giacomo Rossetti	1807
date of birth	Sally Newmarch (born 2 June 1975) is an Australian triple Olympic rower.	Sally Newmarch	2 June 1975
date of birth	Wu Hui-ju (simplified Chinese: 吴蕙如; traditional Chinese: 吳蕙如; pinyin: Wú Huìrú; Wade--Giles: Wu Hui-ju; born 12 November 1982) is an athlete from Republic of China.	Wu Hui-ju	12 November 1982
date of birth	Erling Pedersen (born 15 January 1947) is a Norwegian novelist, writer of short stories, and children's writer.	Erling Pedersen	15 January 1947
date of birth	Sophie Turner Laing (born 7 September 1960) is a British businesswoman and media executive.	Sophie Turner Laing	7 September 1960
date of birth	Ohad Talmor (born 1970 in Lyon ) is a jazz saxophonist, flutist, clarinetist, composer, conductor and arranger.	Ohad Talmor	1970
date of birth	Gordon Douglas Lipp (born 1955) known as Doug Lipp is a consultant, speaker, and author based in Fair Oaks, California.	Doug Lipp	1955
date of birth	Samuel Dickenson (1733 -- May 15, 1823) was a clergyman and botanist.	Samuel Dickenson	1733
date of birth	Moussa Bezaz (Arabic: موسى بزاز) (born 30 December 1957) is a French-Algerian former footballer and football manager.	Moussa Bezaz	30 December 1957
date of birth	Fernando Peñalver (1765--1837), was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.	Fernando Peñalver	1765
date of birth	Mithoon Sharma (born 11 January 1985) is an Indian film music composer and singer.	Mithoon	11 January 1985
date of birth	Yang Kun (Chinese: 杨坤; pinyin: Yáng Kūn; born 18 December 1972) is a Chinese singer-songwriter.	Yang Kun	18 December 1972
date of birth	Pauline Newman (born June 20, 1927) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.	Pauline Newman	1927
date of birth	Ole Kolterud (1 May 1903, Nordre Land -- 6 December 1974) was a Norwegian skier.	Ole Kolterud	1 May 1903
date of birth	Yang Huizhen (Chinese: 杨会珍; born 13 August 1992) is a Chinese sprinter specialising in the 400 metres.	Yang Huizhen	13 August 1992
date of birth	Dermot Kehilly (born 1944) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a full-back for the Cork senior football team.	Dermot Kehilly	1944
date of birth	Charles d'Angennes de Rambouillet was born in the Château de Rambouillet on 30 October 1530, the son of Jean d'Angennes, seigneur of Rambouillet, governor of Dauphiné.	Charles d'Angennes de Rambouillet	30 October 1530
date of birth	David Gooderson (born 24 February 1941) is an English actor who has appeared in several television roles.	David Gooderson	24 February 1941
date of birth	Elizabeth Sophia Tomlins (1763--1828), was born in 1763.	Elizabeth Sophia Tomlins	1763
date of birth	Erkka Petäjä (born 13 February 1964) is a Finnish former international footballer who earned 84 caps at international level between 1983 and 1994.	Erkka Petäjä	13 February 1964
date of birth	Al Kresta (born 1951) is a Catholic broadcaster, journalist and author.	Al Kresta	1951
date of birth	Harry Sparnaay (born 14 April 1944, Amsterdam) is a noted Dutch bass clarinetist, composer, and teacher.	Harry Sparnaay	14 April 1944
date of birth	Maria Tereza Jorge Pádua (born 8 May 1943) is a Brazilian ecologist and environmentalist.	Maria Tereza Jorge Pádua	8 May 1943
date of birth	Sudhakar Ram (born 8 September 1960), is the Group CEO and Managing Director of Mastek, a leading global software company, providing enterprise solutions to insurance, government, and financial services organizations worldwide.	Sudhakar Ram	8 September 1960
date of birth	Max Jensen (*1860; fl. until 1908), was a German marine painter.	Max Jensen	1860
date of birth	Marian Partington (born 21 February 1948) is an English writer, and the sister of Lucy Partington, who was abducted by Fred and Rosemary West on 27 December 1973 and murdered by them in the final days of 1973 or the first days of 1974.	Marian Partington	21 February 1948
date of birth	Isaac Aaron (1804-1877) was an English-born physician who rose to prominence combating cholera outbreaks around his city of birth, Birmingham, during the 1830s.	Isaac Aaron	1804
date of birth	Čedomir Antić, Ph.D. (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Антић, Serbian pronunciation: (tʃɛ̌.dɔ.mir ǎːn.tiɕ); born 9 October 1974) is a Serbian historian, political activist, and former student leader.	Čedomir Antić	9 October 1974
date of birth	Stefano Bessoni (born 14 September 1965) is an Italian filmmaker, stop-motion animator and illustrator.	Stefano Bessoni	14 September 1965
date of birth	Robert McGowan Littlejohn (1890-1982) was a Major general (United States).	Robert McGowan Littlejohn	1890
date of birth	Wong Yan-lung, SC, JP (born 1963) is a barrister and politician of Hong Kong.	Wong Yan-lung	1963
date of birth	Katarina Ivanovska (Macedonian: Катарина Ивановска; born 18 August 1988) is a Macedonian model and actress.	Katarina Ivanovska	18 August 1988
date of birth	Karl Amon (born 19 August 1995) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Karl Amon	19 August 1995
date of birth	Lawrence Seeff (born 1 May 1959 in Kensington, Johannesburg) is a former South African First-class cricketer.	Lawrence Seeff	1 May 1959
date of birth	Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna (born 1956) is a Mauritanian political figure.	Cheikh El Avia Ould Mohamed Khouna	1956
date of birth	Bojana Jovanovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојана Јовановски; born 31 December 1991) is a Serbian tennis player.	Bojana Jovanovski	31 December 1991
date of birth	Vinny Mukendi (born 12 March 1992) is an English-born Congolese footballer who plays as a striker.	Vinny Mukendi	12 March 1992
date of birth	Anatoli Starostin (born 18 January 1960) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.	Anatoli Starostin	18 January 1960
date of birth	Goran Vojnović (born 11 June 1980) is a Slovenian writer, poet, screenwriter and film director of Croatian origin.	Goran Vojnović	11 June 1980
date of birth	Celeste McCollough Howard (born 1927) is an American psychologist who conducts research in human visual perception.	Celeste McCollough	1927
date of birth	Keith Skinner (born 1 January 1949) is a British actor and crime historian and author.	Keith Skinner	1949
date of birth	David Benjamin Keldani or Dawud Benyamin (1867-c.1940) was a Catholic priest who converted to Islam and adopted the name Abd ul-Aḥad Dāwūd (Arabic: عبد الأحد داود‎).	David Benjamin Keldani	1867
date of birth	James Clancy Phelan (born 21 May 1979), known professionally as James Phelan, is an Australian writer of thrillers and young adult novels, including Fox Hunt, The Last 13 series for teens, and the Jed Walker and Lachlan Fox thrillers.	James Clancy Phelan	21 May 1979
date of birth	Tony Gardner (born 10 January 1964) is an English actor and doctor.	Tony Gardner	10 January 1964
date of birth	Ken Fraser (born 17 February 1940) is a former Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Fraser	17 February 1940
date of birth	Saúl García Ávila (born 7 June 1986) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as a winger for Mexican side Atlante in the Primera División.	Saúl García	7 June 1986
date of birth	André Tarallo (born in 1927 in Centuri, Haute-Corse), commonly known as Monsieur Africa, was a French businessman who worked as the top manager of African affairs for French petroleum company Elf Aquitaine from the late 1970s until his arrest in the 1990s for embezzlement.	André Tarallo	1927
date of birth	Joseph Lord (30 June 1672 -- 1748) was a Puritan pastor in colonial America in the late 17th century and early 18th century.	Joseph Lord	30 June 1672
date of birth	John Mytton (30 September 1796 -- 29 March 1834) was a notable British eccentric and rake of the Regency period.	John Mytton	30 September 1796
date of birth	Mathias Autret (born 1 March 1991, in Saint-Thégonnec) is a French football player currently playing for Ligue 2 club Lens.	Mathias Autret	1 March 1991
date of birth	Nenad Porges (born 27 December 1946 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian politician, businessman, entrepreneur and former Minister of Economy, Labour and Entrepreneurship.	Nenad Porges	27 December 1946
date of birth	Linda Klarfeld (born 19 July 1976) is an Australian sculptor whose bronze and granite works of art focus on the human figure.	Linda Klarfeld	19 July 1976
date of birth	Lee Kun-fang (Chinese: 李昆芳) (born 1968) is a Taiwanese professional pool player.	Lee Kun-fang	1968
date of birth	Megan Whalen Turner (born 1965) is an American writer of fantasy fiction for young adults.	Megan Whalen Turner	1965
date of birth	Kathleen Rachel Makinson (née White) (15 February 1917 - 18 October 2014) was an Australian research scientist.	Rachel Makinson	15 February 1917
date of birth	N. Katherine Hayles (born 16 December 1943) is a postmodern literary critic, most notable for her contribution to the fields of literature and science, electronic literature, and American literature.	N. Katherine Hayles	16 December 1943
date of birth	Johann Ernst Eberlin (27 March 1702 -- 19 June 1762) was a German composer and organist whose works bridge the baroque and classical eras.	Johann Ernst Eberlin	27 March 1702
date of birth	Thomas Oosthuizen (/ˈwɛst.haɪzɨn/ WEST-hy-zən; born 2 April 1988) is a South African professional boxer.	Thomas Oosthuizen	2 April 1988
date of birth	Henry Fulton (1761 -- 17 November 1840) was an Irish-Australian clergyman and schoolmaster.	Henry Fulton	1761
date of birth	May Sun (born 1954) is a Los Angeles-based artist known primarily for her public art projects.	May Sun	1954
date of birth	Marcus St Hilaire (born 26 January 1977) is a retired English rugby league player who represented Ireland and played for Oldham.	Marcus St Hilaire	26 January 1977
date of birth	Father Ignatius Krekshino (Russian: Ignatij Krekschin, born in 1956) is a Russian Greek-Catholic priest and Father Superior.	Ignatius Krekshino	1956
date of birth	Patricia Szölösi (born 12 April 1991 in Tatabánya) is a Hungarian handballer who was most recently under contract with Győri Audi ETO KC.	Patricia Szölösi	12 April 1991
date of birth	Tony Scoggo (born Anthony Scoggins on 6 May 1936) is a British actor best known for his role in the television soap opera Brookside.	Tony Scoggo	6 May 1936
date of birth	Ilir Biturku (born 4 February 1968) is a retired Albanian footballer who formerly served as head coach of Teuta Durrës football club in the Albanian Superliga.	Ilir Biturku	4 February 1968
date of birth	Marilyn Galsworthy (born 1954) is a British actress, who acted for 15 years in the Royal Shakespeare Company, appearing opposite Patrick Stewart and Alfred Molina.	Marilyn Galsworthy	1954
date of birth	Edward Mirzoeff CVO, CBE (born 11 April 1936) is a prominent British television producer and documentary filmmaker.	Edward Mirzoeff	11 April 1936
date of birth	Danny Howells (born 24 November 1970) is an English producer and DJ. His music is often described as progressive house, though he prefers to associate more with tech house and is sometimes described simply as ``deepsexyfuturistictechfunkouse''.	Danny Howells	24 November 1970
date of birth	Raiden Tameemon (雷電爲右衞門), born Seki Tarokichi (January 1767 - February 11, 1825) is considered one of the greatest sumo wrestlers in history, although he was never promoted to yokozuna.	Raiden Tameemon	January 1767
date of birth	Leslie Dunkling (born 1935 in West London) is an author known for his authoritative work on names books, ranging from names people choose for their children to names of pubs.	Leslie Dunkling	1935
date of birth	Maurides Roque Junior commonly known as Maurides (born 10 March 1994) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Internacional.	Maurides	10 March 1994
date of birth	K. Newell Dayley (born 1939) is a prominent Latter Day Saint composer, hymnwriter and musician.	K. Newell Dayley	1939
date of birth	Bill Kyme (4 December 1891 -- 19 November 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Kyme	4 December 1891
date of birth	Jacob Fox (born Jacob Licht in 1984) is an American mathematician.	Jacob Fox	1984
date of birth	Kady MacDonald Denton (born 22 July 1941) is a Canadian creator of children's books, primarily an illustrator of picture books.	Kady MacDonald Denton	22 July 1941
date of birth	Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa (born 23 October 1989) is a Bahraini military officer and a member of the Bahraini royal family, Al Khalifa.	Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa	23 October 1989
date of birth	Max Richter (born 22 March 1966) is a German-born British composer who has been an influential voice in post-minimalist composition and in the meeting of contemporary classical and alternative popular musical styles since the early 2000s.	Max Richter	22 March 1966
date of birth	Martin Tillman (born 6 November 1964) is a Swiss cellist and composer.	Martin Tillman	6 November 1964
date of birth	Jud Newborn (born in 1952), is a New York-based author, lecturer, cultural anthropologist and curator.	Jud Newborn	1952
date of birth	Petar Jelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Пeтap Jeлић; born 18 October 1986) is a Bosnian Serb international footballer who last played for Rad in Serbian SuperLiga.	Petar Jelić	18 October 1986
date of birth	Sir Alexander Matheson, 1st Baronet MP JP DL (16 January 1805 --26 July 1886), China merchant, Liberal Member of Parliament, and railway entrepreneur.	Sir Alexander Matheson, 1st Baronet	16 January 1805
date of birth	Talitha Getty (18 October 1940 -- 14 July 1971) was an actress of Dutch extraction, born in the former Dutch East Indies, who was regarded as a style icon of the late 1960s.	Talitha Getty	18 October 1940
date of birth	Julian Gallagher (born 17 July 1968 in Bromley, London) is a British songwriter and record producer, known for helping Kylie Minogue on her 2001 album, Fever.	Julian Gallagher	17 July 1968
date of birth	Subkhiddin Mohd Salleh (born 17 November 1966) is a Malaysian retired football referee who currently resides in Parit Buntar.	Subkhiddin Mohd Salleh	17 November 1966
date of birth	Mohd Rizal Tisin (born 20 June 1984 in Klang, Selangor) is a Malaysian professional track cyclist.	Mohd Rizal Tisin	20 June 1984
date of birth	Dale K. Myers (born 1955) is a computer animator, author, and John F. Kennedy assassination researcher.	Dale K. Myers	1955
date of birth	Jakob Benjamin Fischer (13 October 1731--25 July 1793) was a Baltic German naturalist and apothecary.	Jakob Benjamin Fischer	13 October 1731
date of birth	André Winkhold (born 4 March 1962) is a German former footballer who is currently managing Borussia Brand.	André Winkhold	4 March 1962
date of birth	Professor Beğlan Birand Toğrol (born March 1927 in Istanbul) is a Turkish scientist, best known for her contributions to medical and experimental psychology, some of which were led the way on other studies.	Beğlan Birand Toğrol	March 1927
date of birth	Bjørn Ransve (born 16 December 1944) is a Norwegian painter and graphical artist.	Bjørn Ransve	16 December 1944
date of birth	Şerif Yenen (born 17 May 1963) is a travel specialist, tour guide, travel writer, film-maker, international keynote speaker and lecturer.	Şerif Yenen	17 May 1963
date of birth	Joseph Tassé (23 October 1848 -- 17 January 1895) was a Canadian writer, translator, and parliamentarian.	Joseph Tassé	23 October 1848
date of birth	Parvez Bhatti (born 1955), is a Pakistani portrait painter from Karachi, Pakistan known for his portrait of Barack Obama's family.	Parvez Bhatti	1955
date of birth	Anthony Delaplace (born 11 September 1989) is a professional French road cyclist, currently riding for Fortuneo--	Anthony Delaplace	11 September 1989
date of birth	Roberto Concina (born 3 November 1969), better known by his stage name Robert Miles, is a Swiss-Italian record producer, composer, musician and DJ.	Robert Miles	3 November 1969
date of birth	Walter Carmona (born 21 June 1957 in Sao Paulo) is a Brazilian judoka and Olympic medalist.	Walter Carmona	21 June 1957
date of birth	Octavian Drăghici (born 26 November 1985) is a Romanian football player, under contract with Racing Beirut.	Octavian Drăghici	26 November 1985
date of birth	Alexis Martínez (born 19 May 1991 in Salamanca, Guanajuato) is a Mexican rifle shooter.	Alexis Martínez	19 May 1991
date of birth	Olof Olsson (31 March 1841 - 12 May 1900) was a prominent Swedish-American Lutheran clergyman who served in several churches in the American Midwest.	Olof Olsson	31 March 1841
date of birth	Ben Mackey (born 27 October 1986) is an English professional football player who is currently at Leamington.	Ben Mackey	27 October 1986
date of birth	Jangali Maharaj (1806 - 1890), also known as Sadguru Jangali Maharaj or Guru Maharaj, was a Maharashtrian saint who lived in Pune, India, in the late 19th Century.	Jangali Maharaj	1806
date of birth	Hellmut Andics (25 August 1922 -- 19 August 1998) was an Austrian journalist, publicist and writer.	Hellmut Andics	25 August 1922
date of birth	Timo Toots (born 15 September 1982, Tartu) is an Estonians artist, mainly active in the field of interactive art and new media art. He is also the founder of project space Maajaam in Otepää.	Timo Toots	15 September 1982
date of birth	Dr Jack Stanley Gibson (1909--2005) was an Irish surgeon remembered for having advocated the use of hypnosis as an alternative to anaesthetics, not only through his surgical practice, but also through popular phonograph records, books, and videotapes.	Jack Stanley Gibson	1909
date of birth	Hugo Stephenson (born 22 March 1974) is an Australian doctor, biotech services entrepreneur and founder of MediGuard, Health Research Solutions and MedSeed.	Hugo Stephenson	22 March 1974
date of birth	Mertcan Demirer (born 14 March 1993 in Kadıköy) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a Midfielder for Aydınspor 1923.	Mertcan Demirer	14 March 1993
date of birth	Thomas Jermyn, 2nd Baron Jermyn (10 November 1633 - 1 April 1703) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1679 until he inherited a peerage in the 1684.	Thomas Jermyn, 2nd Baron Jermyn	10 November 1633
date of birth	Stanisław Karolkiewicz (nom de guerre Szczęsny) (1918--2009) was born in 1918 in the Polish historical region of Podlasie.	Stanisław Karolkiewicz	1918
date of birth	Sir William Lok (1480 -- 24 August 1550) was a gentleman usher to Henry VIII and a mercer, alderman, and sheriff of London.	William Lok	1480
date of birth	Teresa Bagioli Sickles (1836--1867) was the wife of Democratic New York State Assemblyman, U.S. Representative, and later U.S. Army Major General Daniel E. Sickles.	Teresa Bagioli Sickles	1836
date of birth	Melanie Pappenheim (born 1959) is an English soprano singer and composer, notable for her vocal work with various British cross-disciplinary composers, with avant-garde theatre companies and on soundtracks (notably for several films and the 2005 revival of Doctor Who).	Melanie Pappenheim	1959
date of birth	Meir Finkelstein (Hebrew: מאיר פינקלשטיין‎; born 1951) is a cantor and composer of contemporary Jewish liturgical music.	Meir Finkelstein	1951
date of birth	Yda Hillis Addis, (born 1857, disappeared 1902) was the first American writer to translate ancient Mexican oral stories and histories into English.	Yda Hillis Addis	1857
date of birth	Roy Eisenhardt (born 1939) is a lawyer and former president of the Oakland Athletics and member of the Haas family of San Francisco.	Roy Eisenhardt	1939
date of birth	Liu Tienan (born October 1954) is a former Chinese politician and senior economic official.	Liu Tienan	October 1954
date of birth	Paul Watrin (1876--1950) was a Belgian lawyer, Doctor of Law at University of Paris, advocate at the Paris Appeal Court, historian and writer.	Paul Watrin	1876
date of birth	Reiner Protsch (von Zieten), born 14 January 1939 in Berlin, is a German anthropologist who published allegedly erroneous carbon dating data of human fossils.	Reiner Protsch	1939
date of birth	Svein Ivar Sigernes (born 4 February 1949) is a Norwegian former football player and coach.	Svein Ivar Sigernes	4 February 1949
date of birth	Marinko Miletić (born 8 October 1980) is a German football player of Croatian origin.	Marinko Miletić	8 October 1980
date of birth	Bridget Holmes (1591--1691) was a domestic servant at the English royal court in the 17th century.	Bridget Holmes	1591
date of birth	Martin Belinga Eboutou (born 17 February 1940) is a Cameroonian political figure and diplomat who has been the Director of the Civil Cabinet of the Presidency of the Republic since 2009.	Martin Belinga Eboutou	17 February 1940
date of birth	Antoine Becks (born Antoine Mercel Toupin; 28 June 1981) is a Canadian-American Ex-child actor, musician, DJ, former singer of the live act duo Second Sun, and frontman of the alternative band CB7.	Antoine Becks	28 June 1981
date of birth	Helmut Willke (born 30 May 1945, Tailfingen) is a German sociologist who studies the effect of globalization on modern society.	Helmut Willke	30 May 1945
date of birth	Reverend George Fyler Townsend (1814--1900) was the translator of the standard English edition of Aesop's Fables.	George Fyler Townsend	1814
date of birth	Noriko Higashide (東出典子, born 22 July 1963 in Osaka, Japan) is an actress.	Noriko Higashide	22 July 1963
date of birth	Tadeusz Góra (19 January 1918 -- 4 January 2010) was a Polish glider and military pilot.	Tadeusz Góra	19 January 1918
date of birth	Reverend Billy C. Wirtz (born William McLean Wirths in 1954, Aiken, South Carolina, United States) is an American blues musician, comedian and writer.	Reverend Billy C. Wirtz	1954
date of birth	Juan Carlos Plata (born 1 January 1971) is a Guatemalan retired football striker.	Juan Carlos Plata	1 January 1971
date of birth	Gardiner Hannah (4 February 1871 -- after 1898) was a Scottish footballer who made 59 appearances in the Football League playing for Blackburn Rovers and Lincoln City.	Gardiner Hannah	4 February 1871
date of birth	Edith Gillian Harrison (1898--1974), née Cooke, was a British architect.	Gillian Harrison	1898
date of birth	Swatilekha Sengupta (born 1950) is a Bengali stage actress.	Swatilekha Sengupta	1950
date of birth	Bruno Schiavi (born 10 July 1972) is an Australian fashion designer and businessman.	Bruno Schiavi	10 July 1972
date of birth	Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro (born 13 July 1980), sometimes known as Cifu, is a Spanish footballer who play as a right back in Lincoln Red Imps.	Daniel Cifuentes Alfaro	13 July 1980
date of birth	Wesley Jobello (born 23 January 1994) is a French football player who plays for French club Clermont in Ligue 2.	Wesley Jobello	23 January 1994
date of birth	David Hirson (born 1958) is an American dramatist, best known for his award-winning Broadway comedies, La Bête and Wrong Mountain.	David Hirson	1958
date of birth	Tsepo Seturumane (born 6 July 1992) is Mosotho international footballer who plays for Lioli as a striker.	Tsepo Seturumane	6 July 1992
date of birth	Joel Stubbs (born 30 December 1967 in Nassau, Bahamas) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder.	Joel Stubbs	30 December 1967
date of birth	Sharlee D'Angelo (born Charles Petter Andreason, 27 April 1973) is the Swedish bassist for the melodic death metal band Arch Enemy, as well as the stoner metal band Spiritual Beggars.	Sharlee D'Angelo	27 April 1973
date of birth	Shay Avital Rapoport (Hebrew: שי אביטל‎; born in 1952) is a Major General (Ret.)	Shay Avital	1952
date of birth	Valerie Caton (born 12 May 1952), was the British Ambassador to Finland 2006-2010.	Valerie Caton	12 May 1952
date of birth	James Stanley, 7th Earl of Derby KG (31 January 1607 -- 15 October 1651) was a supporter of the Royalist cause in the English Civil War.	James Stanley, 7th Earl of Derby	31 January 1607
date of birth	Michael Krausz (born 1942) is a Swiss-born American philosopher as well as an artist and orchestral conductor.	Michael Krausz	1942
date of birth	Carl Dau (30 November 1942, Toruń, Poland), is a German designer.	Carl Dau	30 November 1942
date of birth	Karel Roden (born 18 May 1962) is a Czech actor, popularly known for his roles in Hellboy and The Bourne Supremacy, and his voice work in Grand Theft Auto IV.	Karel Roden	18 May 1962
date of birth	Annie Dookhan (born 1977) is a former chemist in a Massachusetts crime lab who admitted to falsifying evidence affecting up to 34,000 cases.	Annie Dookhan	1977
date of birth	Feng Yuanwei (Chinese: 冯元蔚) (1930 - ) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Feng Yuanwei	1930
date of birth	Max McMahon (born 20 March 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1960s.	Max McMahon	20 March 1942
date of birth	Charles Nicol (born 1940) is known primarily as an expert on the life and works of author Vladimir Nabokov, and also writes widely on fiction (particularly science fiction and detective fiction) and popular culture.	Charles Nicol	1940
date of birth	Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi (born c. 1961) is an Iranian officer in the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and a Professor of physics at the Imam Hussein University, Tehran.	Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi	1961
date of birth	Charles of Provence (845 -- 24 January 863) was the Carolingian King of Provence from 855 until his early death in 863.	Charles of Provence	845
date of birth	Pierre Desrey de Troyes (c. 1450--1514) was a French chronicler, historian, genealogist and translator.	Pierre Desrey	1450
date of birth	Baron Pavao Rauch de Nyék (20 February 1865, Zagreb -- 29 November 1933, Martijanec) was a Croatian politician who served as Ban (viceroy) of Croatia-Slavonia between 1908 and 1910.	Pavao Rauch	20 February 1865
date of birth	Lisa Franks (born 6 April 1982 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian paralympic athlete from competing mainly in category T52 wheelchair sprint events.	Lisa Franks	6 April 1982
date of birth	Yanki Margalit (Hebrew: ינקי מרגלית‎, born: 18 September 1962 Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli entrepreneur and speaker best known for starting Aladdin Knowledge Systems.	Yanki Margalit	18 September 1962
date of birth	Sherab Zam (10 October 1983) is a Bhutanese archer.	Sherab Zam	10 October 1983
date of birth	Norma Heyman (born 1940) is a British film producer and actress.	Norma Heyman	1940
date of birth	Jeremy Herbert, (b. 1960) from London, is an international multi-media artist specializing in theatre design.	Jeremy Herbert	1960
date of birth	Henryk Cioch (born 30 July 1951 in Lubaczów) - Polish lawyer, lecturer, professor of law, senator.	Henryk Cioch	30 July 1951
date of birth	Archibald McMurdo (24 September 1812 -- 11 December 1875) was a British naval officer, for whom Antarctica's McMurdo Sound, McMurdo Station, McMurdo Ice Shelf, McMurdo Dry Valleys and McMurdo-South Pole Highway are named.	Archibald McMurdo	24 September 1812
date of birth	Anton de Kontski (27 October 1817, Krakow -- 7 December 1899) was a Polish pianist and composer.	Anton de Kontski	27 October 1817
date of birth	Robert E Fuller (born 1972) is a British artist best known for his renditions of British fauna, rendered faithfully in oils, acrylic and bronze.	Robert E Fuller	1972
date of birth	Martin Hubmann (born 1989) is a Swiss orienteering competitor, world champion and European champion.	Martin Hubmann	1989
date of birth	Romeo Filipović (born 31 March 1986) is a German-born Croatian football player, who currently plays for Arizona United in the United Soccer League.	Romeo Filipović	31 March 1986
date of birth	Stanislawa Dabrowski (born 1926) is an Australian humanitarian.	Stanislawa Dabrowski	1926
date of birth	Maroš Klimpl (born 4 July 1980) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays with FK Kolín.	Maroš Klimpl	4 July 1980
date of birth	Kristian Bjørn (22 August 1919 in Alvdal -- 1 April 1993) was a Norwegian cross country skier who competed in the 1940s and 1950s.	Kristian Bjørn	22 August 1919
date of birth	Aaron Albert Carr (born 1963) is a Laguna Pueblo/Navajo documentary film maker and author.	Aaron Albert Carr	1963
date of birth	Anthony Parel (born 1926) is a Canadian historian, author and academic.	Anthony Parel	1926
date of birth	Duke Friedrich of Württemberg (Friedrich Philipp Carl Franz Maria Herzog von Württemberg; born 1 June 1961) is the heir to the headship of the House of Württemberg.	Duke Friedrich of Württemberg	1 June 1961
date of birth	Professor Gerry McCormac, FSA, FRSA, FHEA (born 1 August 1958) is the Principal and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Stirling.	Gerry McCormac	1 August 1958
date of birth	Şaban Erden who was born in Kırklareli in 1949, is the Deputy Secretary General of the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality.	Şaban Erden	1949
date of birth	Fred Bridges (born 1938) was an American record producer and musician.	Fred Bridges	1938
date of birth	Abu'l-Qāsim Halat (1919--1992) known as Abu'l-Aynak was a Persian Poet and satirist.	Abu'l-Qāsim Halat	1919
date of birth	Charlotte Fich (born 26 September 1961) is a Danish stage, film and television actress.	Charlotte Fich	26 September 1961
date of birth	Åsa Bjerkerot (born 12 May 1959) is a Swedish actor, comedian, writer and film director.	Åsa Bjerkerot	12 May 1959
date of birth	Brandie Knight was born in Ponca City, Oklahoma on September 17, 1968, and before her second birthday, she was a resident of Germany.	Brandie Knight	1968
date of birth	Silvestras Guogis (born 2 March 1990) is a Lithuanian 400 metres hurdler and sprinter.	Silvestras Guogis	2 March 1990
date of birth	Giovanni Costigan (1905--1990) was a noted historian and specialist in Irish and English history.	Giovanni Costigan	1905
date of birth	Georgi Ajanovski (Macedonian: Георги Ајановски), (born 22 November 1940, Edessa, Greece) is a prominent Slavic Macedonian journalist.	Georgi Ajanovski	22 November 1940
date of birth	Billy Drumley (1853--1951) was an Aboriginal Australian community leader whose regular long-distance walk was commemorated in a pilgrimage.	Billy Drumley	1853
date of birth	Thomas Fairland (1804 -- October 1852) was an English lithographer, engraver and portrait painter.	Thomas Fairland	1804
date of birth	Moses C. Hanscom (1842 - July 26, 1873) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Moses C. Hanscom	1842
date of birth	Dražen Besek (born 10 March 1963) is a Croatian coach and former professional football midfield player.	Dražen Besek	10 March 1963
date of birth	Govindas Vishnoodas Desani or G. V. Desani, (1909--2000) was a Kenyan-born, British-educated Indian writer and Buddhist philosopher.	G. V. Desani	1909
date of birth	Neil Kerr (born 13 April 1871) was a Scottish footballer who played as an outside right.	Neil Kerr	13 April 1871
date of birth	Givanildo Pulgas da Silva (born 3 January 1993), commonly known as Giva, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker.	Giva	3 January 1993
date of birth	Igor Tikhomirov (Russian: Игорь Тихомиров) (born 4 May 1963) is a Canadian (former Soviet) épée fencer.	Igor Tikhomirov	4 May 1963
date of birth	William Baffin (c. 1584 -- 23 January 1622) was an English navigator and explorer.	William Baffin	1584
date of birth	Sinéad Noonan (born 1987) is an Irish model and actress who won Miss Ireland 2008.	Sinéad Noonan	1987
date of birth	Snwazna Adams (born 1987 in Providenciales) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Turks and Caicos 2013 and represented the Turks & Caicos at the Miss Universe 2013 Pageant.	Snwazna Adams	1987
date of birth	George Washington Cottle (1811 -- March 6, 1836) was a Republic of Texas soldier who died at the Battle of the Alamo.	George Washington Cottle	1811
date of birth	Harry Moyes (28 July 1896 -- 18 September 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Moyes	28 July 1896
date of birth	Jacob Ben-Arie (Hebrew: יעקב בן אריה‎, born 1950) is a former Israeli paralympic champion.	Jacob Ben-Arie	1950
date of birth	Sara Hestrin-Lerner (Hebrew: שרה הסטרין-לרנר) (born 1918) is a physiologist.	Sara Hestrin-Lerner	1918
date of birth	Guy Manning (born 20 January 1957 in Leeds, Yorkshire, England) is an English multi-instrumentalist and singer, best known for his own album releases and for his membership of progressive rock bands Parallel or 90 Degrees, The Tangent, The United Progressive Fraternity (UPF) and his own band, Manning.	Guy Manning	20 January 1957
date of birth	Aaron Blabey (born 1974), an Australian author of children's books and artist who until the mid-2000s was also an actor.	Aaron Blabey	1974
date of birth	Freya Ostapovitch (born 24 February 1956) is an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Stretton from 2012 to 2015.	Freya Ostapovitch	24 February 1956
date of birth	Susan Oki Mollway (born 1950) is the former Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii and the first Asian woman ever appointed to the federal bench.	Susan Oki Mollway	1950
date of birth	Douglas H. Ubelaker (born 1946) is an American forensic anthropologist.	Douglas H. Ubelaker	1946
date of birth	Missy Robbins (born 1971) is an American chef best known for holding a Michelin star at each of her two restaurants, and for being a contestant in series four of Top Chef Masters.	Missy Robbins	1971
date of birth	Olga Pasichnyk (Ukrainian: Ольга Пасічник, Polish: Olga Pasiecznik), born 3 March 1968, is a Polish-Ukrainian classical singer.	Olga Pasichnyk	3 March 1968
date of birth	Igor Kashkarov (Russian: Игорь Кашкаров; born 5 May 1933) is a former Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the High Jump.	Igor Kashkarov	5 May 1933
date of birth	Josef Hader (born 14 February 1962) is an Austrian comedian, actor, and writer.	Josef Hader	14 February 1962
date of birth	Gordon Coleman (born 11 February 1954 in Nottingham) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder.	Gordon Coleman	11 February 1954
date of birth	Gustavo Brambila (1953 - ) is a Mexican-American winemaker in the Napa Valley.	Gustavo Brambila	1953
date of birth	Nicola Pinna (born 14 November 1974 in Milan, Italy) is a chemist and professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin.	Nicola Pinna	14 November 1974
date of birth	Sir George Philip Doolette (24 January 1840 -- 19 January 1924) was a mining entrepreneur and Chairman of the Western Australian Mine Owners' Association.	George Philip Doolette	24 January 1840
date of birth	Sarah Buck OBE (born 3 January 1953) is an English structural and civil engineer and business woman with a successful career in engineering and construction.	Sarah Buck	3 January 1953
date of birth	Joanna Pettet (born Joanna Jane Salmon, 16 November 1942) is a British actress, retired since 1990.	Joanna Pettet	16 November 1942
date of birth	Wayne Isham (born 1958) is an American director who has directed music videos of many popular artists.	Wayne Isham	1958
date of birth	Dr Carl Curt Hosseus (1878 - 1950) was a German botanist born in Stromberg im Thale, Rhineland.	Carl Curt Hosseus	1878
date of birth	Gerard Cosloy (born 1964) is an American music industry executive.	Gerard Cosloy	1964
date of birth	Sarnath Banerjee (born 1972) is an Indian graphic novelist, artist, and film maker and a co-founder of the comics publishing house, Phantomville.	Sarnath Banerjee	1972
date of birth	Olga Pershankova (Russian: Ольга Першанкова, born 18 January 1972) is a Russian ice dancer.	Olga Pershankova	18 January 1972
date of birth	Milan Tepić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Тепић, January 26, 1957 -- September 29, 1991) was a Major in the Yugoslav People's Army.	Milan Tepić	1957
date of birth	Sid Burrows (born 27 October 1964 in Belfast) is a retired footballer from Northern Ireland who played as a left winger.	Sid Burrows	27 October 1964
date of birth	Ché Ahn (also known as Pastor Ché; born 1956) is the head pastor of Harvest Rock Church in Pasadena, California, United States.	Ché Ahn	1956
date of birth	Michael Laski (born circa 1942) was the founder of the Communist Party USA (Marxist-Leninist), a splinter group of the Communist Party USA.	Michael Laski	1942
date of birth	Doğan Güreş (15 February 1926 -- 14 October 2014) was a Turkish general and True Path Party politician.	Doğan Güreş	15 February 1926
date of birth	Rajendra Persaud, also known as Raj Persaud (born 13 May 1963) is an English consultant psychiatrist, broadcaster and author of popular books about psychiatry.	Rajendra Persaud	13 May 1963
date of birth	Binnya U (Burmese: ဗညားဦး, pronounced: (bəɲá ʔú); 1323--1384) was the eighth king of Hanthawaddy Pegu, who ruled from 1348 to 1383.	Binnya U	1323
date of birth	Voramai Kabilsingh (Thai: วรมัย กบิลสิงห์; rtgs: Woramai Kabinsing), also called Ta Tao Fa Tzu, was born Lamai Kabilsingh (Thai: ละมัย กบิลสิงห์; rtgs: Lamai Kabinsing; 6 April 1908; died 23 June 2003), was the first modern Thai bhikkhuni.	Voramai Kabilsingh	6 April 1908
date of birth	Rajesh Bhola (born 26 December 1958) is a social worker, psychotherapist, journalist, author, columnist and writer on spiritual subjects from India.	Rajesh Bhola	26 December 1958
date of birth	Sir Gilbert Hoghton, 2nd Baronet (1591 -- April 1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1614 and 1640.	Sir Gilbert Hoghton, 2nd Baronet	1591
date of birth	Charles Blue Jacket (1817--1897) was a 19th-Century Shawnee chief in Kansas, as well as a Methodist minister.	Charles Blue Jacket	1817
date of birth	Max Theiler (30 January 1899 -- 11 August 1972) was a South African-American virologist and doctor.	Max Theiler	30 January 1899
date of birth	Doug Sauter (born 1954) is a retired Canadian ice hockey coach.	Doug Sauter	1954
date of birth	Holicharan Narzary (born 10 May 1994) in Assam, is an Indian footballer who plays as a striker or winger for Dempo in the I-League.	Holicharan Narzary	10 May 1994
date of birth	Tracy Shaw (born 27 July 1973, in Belper, Derbyshire) is a British actress and singer.	Tracy Shaw	27 July 1973
date of birth	Simeon Berry (born 1973 in Guilford, Connecticut) is a poet who authored the prize-winning collections Ampersand Revisited and Monograph.	Simeon Berry	1973
date of birth	Gabriel Gómez Michel (24 March 1965 -- 22 or 23 September 2014) was a Mexican paediatrician, academic, and politician affiliated to the PRI; he served as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Jalisco.	Gabriel Gómez Michel	24 March 1965
date of birth	José Monteiro, commonly known as Costuras, (23 October 1913 -- ?) was a professional football player.	Costuras	23 October 1913
date of birth	Reuben Colley (born 1976) is an artist who paints in oils.	Reuben Colley	1976
date of birth	Juliette Wytsman (née Trullemans; 14 July 1866 -- 8 March 1925) was a Belgian impressionist painter.	Juliette Wytsman	14 July 1866
date of birth	Izza Kizza (born Terry Davis in 1981) is an American hip-hop musician, rapper and MC, currently signed to Timbaland's Mosley Music Group label.	Izza Kizza	1981
date of birth	Mya Thwin, known as Mother Sayamagyi (Burmese: မြသွင်, pronounced: (mja̰ θwɪ̀ɴ); born 12 March 1925) is a Theravada Buddhist teacher who has established centers for vipassana meditation around the world.	Mya Thwin	12 March 1925
date of birth	Vladimir Vermezović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Вермезовић; born 30 June 1963) is a Serbian football former player and current coach.	Vladimir Vermezović	30 June 1963
date of birth	Claire Rochester (May 10, 1893 - April 16, 1921) was a vaudeville performer.	Claire Rochester	1893
date of birth	Valentini Grammatikopoulou (Greek: Βαλεντίνη Γραμματικοπούλου; born 9 February 1997) is a Greek tennis player.	Valentini Grammatikopoulou	9 February 1997
date of birth	Detective Sergeant Jack Christey (John Edward Christey, born 10 September 1954) was a fictional character from the police series Water Rats.	Jack Christey	10 September 1954
date of birth	Deborah Babashoff (born 1970) is an American former competition swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 800-meter freestyle event at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.	Deborah Babashoff	1970
date of birth	Richard J. F. Day (born c. 1964) is a Canadian political philosopher and sociologist.	Richard J. F. Day	1964
date of birth	Giovanni Battaglin (born 22 July 1951) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist.	Giovanni Battaglin	22 July 1951
date of birth	Tom New (T) (born 18 January 1985 in Sutton in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire) is an English cricketer.	Tom New	18 January 1985
date of birth	Taylor Canfield (born 5 February 1989) is a United States Virgin Islands sailor competing in match racing.	Taylor Canfield	5 February 1989
date of birth	Ben Barkow (born 1956) is the director of the Wiener Library for the Study of the Holocaust and Genocide and a writer.	Ben Barkow	1956
date of birth	Philippe Pot (1428--1493) was a Burgundian nobleman, military leader, and diplomat.	Philippe Pot	1428
date of birth	Ernie Weckbaugh (born July 1931 in Beverly Hills, California - October 20, 2010) was a former actor and comedian who was an original cast member of the Our Gang comedies, where he played the uncredited role of ``Stinkey''.	Ernie Weckbaugh	July 1931
date of birth	Maurizio Pellegrino (born 1 March 1966) is a retired Italian professional football player and coach.	Maurizio Pellegrino	1 March 1966
date of birth	Martin Herdman (born 24 July 1956) is an English actor, boxer, and professional rugby league player.	Martin Herdman	24 July 1956
date of birth	Jennifer Fowler (born 14 April 1939) is a British composer of Australian birth.	Jennifer Fowler	14 April 1939
date of birth	Peter Byaruhanga (born 18 August 1979) is a Ugandan former professional soccer player, active primarily in the United States, who played as a striker.	Peter Byaruhanga	18 August 1979
date of birth	Prince João Maria of Orléans-Braganza (15 October 1916--26 June 2005) was a French-born Brazilian soldier, pilot and airline executive.	Prince João Maria of Orléans-Braganza	15 October 1916
date of birth	Chris Hunsinger (born 23 October 1962) is a South African politician, a Member of the South African Parliament with the Democratic Alliance (South Africa) and appointed by the new Leader of the Opposition Mmusi Maimane as the Shadow Deputy Minister of Transport.	Chris Hunsinger	23 October 1962
date of birth	Nils-Axel Mörner (born 1938), is the former head of the paleogeophysics and geodynamics department at Stockholm University.	Nils-Axel Mörner	1938
date of birth	Darwin Hindman (born 1933) is the most recent former mayor of Columbia, Missouri.	Darwin Hindman	1933
date of birth	Dato' David Hew Choong Jeng (born 22 November 1968) is a Malaysian-born Australian entrepreneur.	David Hew Choong Jeng	22 November 1968
date of birth	Kirtie Ramdas (born 1980 in Leiden) is a Dutch television presenter and actress of Indo-Surinamese descent and mostly known for her work for the Dutch TV show Ch@tney.nl for the OHM and television presenter for SchoolTV for the NTR.	Kirtie Ramdas	1980
date of birth	José Ignacio de Sanjinés Barriga (1786 -- August 15, 1864) was a Bolivian poet and legislator.	José Ignacio de Sanjinés	1786
date of birth	Wil Haygood (born 1954 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American journalist and author who is known for his 2008 Washington Post article ``A Butler Well Served By This Election'', about Eugene Allen, which served as the basis for the 2013 movie The Butler.	Wil Haygood	1954
date of birth	Adela Demetja (1984 in Tirana) is an Albanian independent art curator.	Adela Demetja	1984
date of birth	Stephen Beus (born 1982, Othello, Washington, United States) is an American pianist.	Stephen Beus	1982
date of birth	Amy Argetsinger (born 1968) is an editor for the Style section of the Washington Post.	Amy Argetsinger	1968
date of birth	Vladimir Megre (Влади́мир Никола́евич Мегре́) (born 23 July 1950 in Chernigov Oblast, USSR, now Ukraine) is a Siberian entrepreneur and writer best known as the author of the Ringing Cedars of Russia series.	Vladimir Megre	23 July 1950
date of birth	Hanna Shelekh (born 14 July 1993) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the pole vault.	Hanna Shelekh	14 July 1993
date of birth	Todd Cetnar (born 1978 in Amsterdam, New York, U.S.) is a former professional basketball player in the United Kingdom who competed at the highest levels of British Professional Basketball.	Todd Cetnar	1978
date of birth	Dejan Čukić (Born 25 November 1966 in Ivangrad, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian-Danish actor.	Dejan Čukić	25 November 1966
date of birth	Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger (ca. 1575 -- March 1628) was an English composer and viol player of Italian descent.	Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger	1575
date of birth	Bob Spargo (born 15 October 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bob Spargo	15 October 1939
date of birth	Fanny Law Fan Chiu-fun (born 24 February 1953 in Hong Kong), GBS, JP, is a former high-ranking civil servant of Hong Kong.	Fanny Law	24 February 1953
date of birth	Kwasi Wiredu (born 3 October 1931) is one of the foremost African philosophers working today.	Kwasi Wiredu	3 October 1931
date of birth	Malcolm Collins (born 1935) is an ex-amateur boxer from Cardiff, Wales, who competed in the lightweight division.	Malcolm Collins	1935
date of birth	Kate Kellaway (born 15 July 1957) is an English journalist and literary critic who writes for The Observer.	Kate Kellaway	15 July 1957
date of birth	Marcin Korolec (born 24 December 1968) is a Polish civil servant and lawyer.	Marcin Korolec	24 December 1968
date of birth	Françoise de Rohan (1540--1st December 1591) was the daughter of René I de Rohan and Isabel d'Albret of Navarre.	Françoise de Rohan	1540
date of birth	John Burke, 9th Earl of Clanricarde (1642--1722) was an Irish peer.	John Burke, 9th Earl of Clanricarde	1642
date of birth	Francis Channing Woodworth (1812 -- June 5, 1859) was a printer, vicar and a writer.	Francis Channing Woodworth	1812
date of birth	Shelagh McLeod (sometimes credited as Shelagh MacLeod or Sheleigh McCleod) (born 7 May 1960) is a British-based Canadian film and television actress.	Shelagh McLeod	7 May 1960
date of birth	Li Chenguang (Chinese: 李晨光, born 12 January 1990 in Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.	Li Chenguang	12 January 1990
date of birth	Draško Mrvaljević (born 17 November 1979, Cetinje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin handball player who plays for Frisch Auf Göppingen in Germany.	Draško Mrvaljević	17 November 1979
date of birth	Jarosław Jaros (born 2 January 1978 in Zgorzelec) - Polish cabaret actor.	Jarosław Jaros	2 January 1978
date of birth	Jack Erik Kjuus (18 January 1927 -- 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian far-right politician of the former White Electoral Alliance who was convicted of racism in 1997.	Jack Erik Kjuus	18 January 1927
date of birth	Lukas Ammann (born 29 September 1912) is a Swiss actor who appeared mainly in German and Swiss films and television shows.	Lukas Ammann	29 September 1912
date of birth	Tomas Antonelius (born Tomas Gustafsson; 7 May 1973) is a Swedish former footballer, who became an economics student since his retirement.	Tomas Antonelius	7 May 1973
date of birth	Kikis Kazamias (Greek: Κίκης Καζαμίας; born 27 August 1951) is a Cypriot economist and politician.	Kikis Kazamias	27 August 1951
date of birth	Jean Henri De Coene (1798--1866) was a Belgian painter of genre and historical subjects.	Jean Henri De Coene	1798
date of birth	Gayle Ruzicka (born c. 1943) is a conservative political activist, talk radio host, and leader in the Utah Eagle Forum.	Gayle Ruzicka	1943
date of birth	Josh Dugan (born 10 May 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League.	Josh Dugan	10 May 1990
date of birth	Allan Murray (born 20 May 1982) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with both Port Adelaide and St. Kilda in the Australian Football League.	Allan Murray	20 May 1982
date of birth	Adam Stafford (born 24 February 1982) is a musician and filmmaker from Falkirk, Scotland.	Adam Stafford	24 February 1982
date of birth	Beatus Rhenanus (22 August 1485 -- 20 July 1547), also known as Beatus Bild, was a German humanist, religious reformer, classical scholar, and book collector.	Beatus Rhenanus	22 August 1485
date of birth	Gregory W. Engle (born 1954) is a United States Diplomat and former U.S. Ambassador to Togo.	Gregory W. Engle	1954
date of birth	Hee Oh (오희, born 1969) is a South Korean mathematician who works in dynamical systems.	Hee Oh	1969
date of birth	Suri Krishnamma (born 10 May 1961) is a British film director and writer best known for feature films A Man of No Importance, New Year's Day and Dark Tourist and television dramas A Respectable Trade and The Cazalets.	Suri Krishnamma	10 May 1961
date of birth	Jerzy Linderski (born 21 August 1934) is a Polish contemporary scholar of ancient history and Roman religion and law.	Jerzy Linderski	21 August 1934
date of birth	Jackie McKimmie (b 1950) is an Australian writer and director of films and television.	Jackie McKimmie	1950
date of birth	Atar Arad (Hebrew: עתר ארד; born 8 March 1945) is an Israeli American violist, professor of music, essayist and composer.	Atar Arad	8 March 1945
date of birth	Lieutenant General Salou Djibo (born 15 April 1965) is a Nigerien military officer.	Salou Djibo	15 April 1965
date of birth	Antarah ibn Shaddad (Arabic: عنترة بن شداد العبسي‎, ʿAntarah ibn Shaddād al-ʿAbsī; AD 525--608), also known as ʿAntar, was a pre-Islamic Arab soldier and poet, famous for both his poetry and his adventurous life.	Antarah ibn Shaddad	525
date of birth	Belinda Hamnett (Chinese: 韓君婷; Cantonese: Hon Kwun-Ting) born 28 September 1975 in Hong Kong is an actress, model and ex-beauty queen.	Belinda Hamnett	28 September 1975
date of birth	David Kantor, (b. 1927) is an American systems psychologist, organizational consultant, and clinical researcher.	David Kantor	1927
date of birth	Popnoname is the artist name of Jens-Uwe Beyer (born 1978 in Fehmarn).	Popnoname	1978
date of birth	Brian Warboys (born 30 April 1942), was Professor of Software Engineering at the University of Manchester from 1985 until he retired in September 2007.	Brian Warboys	30 April 1942
date of birth	Johan Forsby better known by his stage name Jooks (born 5 March 1980) is a Danish rapper signed to ArtPeople label.	Jooks	5 March 1980
date of birth	Anna Walton (born 18 December 1980) is an English actress known for her roles in Vampire Diary, Mutant Chronicles, and the compassionate Princess Nuala in Hellboy II:	Anna Walton	18 December 1980
date of birth	Richard Handley (born 1 September 1990) is a British professional road and track racing cyclist who rides for the British UCI Professional Continental team ONE Pro Cycling.	Richard Handley	1 September 1990
date of birth	Saint Paul Chong Hasang (1794 or 1795--September 22, 1839) was one of the Korean Martyrs.	Paul Chong Hasang	1795
date of birth	Juan Manuel Soriano (1920 - October 10, 1995) was a Spanish voice actor and his career spanned over 50 years including a radio program of Don Juan Tenorio.	Juan Manuel Soriano	1920
date of birth	Wren Howard (1893 -- 30 July 1968), full name George Wren Howard, was a British publisher.	Wren Howard	1893
date of birth	Subhash Ghisingh was born on 22 June 1936 at Manju Tea Estate, near Mirik, in Darjeeling district.	Subhash Ghisingh	22 June 1936
date of birth	Raquel Chaves (born 1939) is a Paraguayan poet, journalist, novelist and educator.	Raquel Chaves	1939
date of birth	Lee Pui Ming (李佩鳴; Cantonese: Lei5 Pui3 Ming4; b. 1956 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong-born American pianist, vocalist, and composer.	Lee Pui Ming	1956
date of birth	Barbora Špotáková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbarbora ˈʃpotaːkovaː); born 30 June 1981) is a Czech javelin thrower.	Barbora Špotáková	30 June 1981
date of birth	Simona Marchini (born 19 December 1941) is an Italian actress, television and radio presenter, stage director, comedian and art curator.	Simona Marchini	19 December 1941
date of birth	Ángel Guillermo Heredia Hernández (born 22 November 1975) is a Mexican former discus thrower, chemist and sports coach.	Ángel Guillermo Heredia Hernández	22 November 1975
date of birth	James Godfrey MacManaway, MBE (22 April 1898 -- 3 November 1951) was a British Unionist politician and Church of Ireland cleric, notable for being disqualified as a Member of Parliament, owing to his status as a priest.	James Godfrey MacManaway	22 April 1898
date of birth	Rasoul Azadani (Persian: رسول آزادانی‎‎, pronounced (ɾæsuːl-e ɒːzɒːdɒːniː); born 1965) is an Iranian animator, lighting designer and layout artist.	Rasoul Azadani	1965
date of birth	Gloria Lim BBM (born 1930) is a retired Singaporean mycologist whose research focused on tropical fungi and who built up a fungal repository of regional samples.	Gloria Lim	1930
date of birth	Stan Ageira (born 3 May 1961) is a writer from Mulki, a town near Mangalore, Karnataka, India.	Stan Ageira	3 May 1961
date of birth	Alfonso Romo Garza (born 1950), known as Alfonso Romo, is a Monterrey businessman and agro-industrialist, with interests in banking and Mexican politics.	Alfonso Romo	1950
date of birth	Harold Treherne (c. 1884 -- after 1908) of Brighton, England, was a stamp forger notable for his forgeries of the stamps of India and Australia who was known as The Brighton forger and his works as Brighton forgeries.	Harold Treherne	1884
date of birth	Dong Hao (Chinese: 董浩; pinyin: Dǒng Hào; born 1956) better known by his nickname Uncle Dong Hao (Chinese: 董浩叔叔; pinyin: Dǒng Hào Shūshū), is a former Chinese host, actor and painter.	Dong Hao	1956
date of birth	Derek Fewster, (b. 1962), is a Swedish-speaking Finnish historian working since 2006 as a researcher at the Department of History at the University of Helsinki.	Derek Fewster	1962
date of birth	Eli Jaxon-Bear (born Elliot J. Zeldow in 1947) is an American spiritual teacher and author.	Eli Jaxon-Bear	1947
date of birth	Giuseppe Sacco (born 1 August 1938) is a tenured Italian Academic specialised in International Relations, with secondary interests in the fields of International Economic Relations, Industrial and Science and Technology Policy, International Oil, the Environment, and International Migrations.	Giuseppe Sacco	1 August 1938
date of birth	József Zilisy, also known as Giuseppe Zilizzi or Joseph Zilizzi (21 February 1899 -- 2 March 1982) was a Hungarian-Italian footballer and football manager.	József Zilisy	21 February 1899
date of birth	Martin Lloyd-Evans (born 14 April 1963) is a British opera stage director.	Martin Lloyd-Evans	14 April 1963
date of birth	Christiaan Andriessen, who was born at Amsterdam in 1775, was the son and student of Jurriaan, and became a good painter of history, genre subjects, landscapes, views of towns, and occasionally portraits.	Christiaan Andriessen	1775
date of birth	Liu Yichun (柳亦春, born in November 1969) is a Chinese architect, based in Shanghai, China.	Liu Yichun	1969
date of birth	Dr. John Augustus Just (January 9, 1854 -- September 13, 1908) was a German-born chemist and inventor.	John Augustus Just	1854
date of birth	Daniel S. Voorhees (born 1913) was a transient restaurant porter who confessed to the murder of Elizabeth Short on January 28, 1947.	Daniel S. Voorhees	1913
date of birth	Robin Minard (born 1953) is a Canadian composer and installation artist.	Robin Minard	1953
date of birth	Miriam E. Nelson (born 1960) is an American academic, researcher, and international best-selling author.	Miriam E. Nelson	1960
date of birth	Henri Hogbe Nlend (born 23 December 1939) is a Cameroonian mathematician, university professor, former government minister and presidential candidate.	Henri Hogbe Nlend	23 December 1939
date of birth	Hannah Kersey (born 1983) is a British woman who was born with two wombs (uterus didelphys) and gave birth to triplets, identical twin girls in one womb and another fraternal sibling in the other at Southmead Hospital in Bristol, England in late December 2006.	Hannah Kersey	1983
date of birth	Shawn Sturgeon (born 1965) is a poet and professor.	Shawn Sturgeon	1965
date of birth	Radhia Nasraoui (Tunisian Arabic: راضية النصراوي‎; born in 1953), is a Tunisian lawyer, specializing in human rights, which militates particularly against the use of torture.	Radhia Nasraoui	1953
date of birth	Ulrich Schnauss (born 1977) is a German electronic musician and producer based in London.	Ulrich Schnauss	1977
date of birth	Henry Wildhagen (born 1856) was ``one of northern Wisconsin's best-known architects'' at the turn of the 20th century.	Henry Wildhagen	1856
date of birth	Craig Bloxom was born in Inglewood, Los Angeles on 31 July 1959 to George William and Arliene Dorlores (née Dreger).	Craig Bloxom	31 July 1959
date of birth	Charles Radtke (born 1964) is a studio furniture maker working in Cedarburg, Wisconsin.	Charles Radtke	1964
date of birth	Jan Drapentier (fl. 1674--1713), was an engraver.	Jan Drapentier	1674
date of birth	General George Campbell of Inverneill, C.B., K.A (1803--1882) was Commandant of the Royal Artillery and served in the East India Company.	George Campbell of Inverneill	1803
date of birth	Will Tuckett (born 1969) is an English choreographer, who has created works for the English National Ballet and the Royal Ballet.	Will Tuckett	1969
date of birth	Zdravko Šotra (Serbian Cyrillic: Здравко Шотра; born 13 February 1933) is a Serbian and former Yugoslav film and television director and screenwriter.	Zdravko Šotra	13 February 1933
date of birth	Robert Ogden Doremus (11 January 1824 -- 22 March 1906) was a United States chemist and physician.	Robert Ogden Doremus	11 January 1824
date of birth	Levan Kenia (Georgian: ლევან ყენია; born 18 October 1990) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays for Czech team Slavia Prague.	Levan Kenia	18 October 1990
date of birth	Enzo Del Forno (born 24 January 1950) is a retired Italian high jumper who won three medals at the International athletics competitions.	Enzo Del Forno	24 January 1950
date of birth	Peter Lamborn Wilson (pseudonym Hakim Bey; born 1945) is an American anarchist author, primarily known for advocating the concept of Temporary Autonomous Zones.	Peter Lamborn Wilson	1945
date of birth	Albert Purchas (1825-1909) was an English-born architect, surveyor, inventor and officer in the Victorian volunteer army who was prominent and prolific in Melbourne, Victoria in the late nineteenth century.	Albert Purchas	1825
date of birth	Rear Admiral Alberto Díaz, Jr. (born 1943) is the first Hispanic to become the Director of the San Diego Naval District and Balboa Naval Hospital.	Alberto Díaz, Jr.	1943
date of birth	Vikki Petraitis (born 1965) is an Australian true crime author, based in Melbourne, Victoria.	Vikki Petraitis	1965
date of birth	Lelio Brancaccio (around 1560--1637), Marquess of Montesilvano, was a Neapolitan commander of Habsburg armies in Italy, the Low Countries and Catalonia.	Lelio Brancaccio	1560
date of birth	Jorge Barón (born Jorge Eliécer Varón 29 June 1948 in Ibagué) is a Colombian television presenter, media personality and businessman.	Jorge Barón	29 June 1948
date of birth	Bledion Guga (born 20 February 1986) is an Albanian football player who is on the U-21 national football squad.	Bledion Guga	20 February 1986
date of birth	Jack Huntington (23 May 1893 -- 17 July 1971) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Huntington	23 May 1893
date of birth	Thomas Dumbill (23 September 1884 - 9 November 1974) was a British racewalker.	Thomas Dumbill	23 September 1884
date of birth	Afag Bashirgyzy (Azerbaijani: Afaq Bəşirqızı), born Afag Bashir gyzy Safarova (1955, Baku, Azerbaijani: Afaq Bəşir qızı Səfərova), is an Azerbaijani actress.	Afag Bashirgyzy	1955
date of birth	Paulo Roberto do Carmo or simply Paulão, more known as di Carmo (Persian: دی کارمو‎) in Iran, (born 12 March 1985) is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.	Paulo Roberto do Carmo	12 March 1985
date of birth	Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (/ˌædᵻˈwɑːleɪ ˌækᵻˈnuː.eɪ ɑːɡˈbɑːdʒeɪ/; born 22 August 1967) is a British actor and former fashion model of Nigerian origin.	Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje	22 August 1967
date of birth	Karl Harrison (born 20 February 1964) is an English former rugby league player of the 1980s and '90s, and coach of the 2000s and '10s.	Karl Harrison	20 February 1964
date of birth	Trudy Kerr (born 3 January 1963) is an Australian-born jazz musician, teacher, radio presenter and label owner.	Trudy Kerr	3 January 1963
date of birth	Aidan Mathews, sometimes Aidan Carl Mathews, (born 1956) is an Irish poet and dramatist born in Dublin.	Aidan Mathews	1956
date of birth	Kenneth Newby (born 1956) is a Canadian composer, performer and media artist.	Kenneth Newby	1956
date of birth	Stefanie Tücking (born 1 April 1962 in Kaiserslautern) is a German television presenter.	Stefanie Tücking	1 April 1962
date of birth	Andrzej Kolikowski nicknamed Pershing (1954--1999) was the leader of the so-called Pruszków Mafia in Poland and arguably the best-known Polish gangster of the 1990s.	Andrzej Kolikowski	1954
date of birth	Dessie O'Hare (born 26 October 1956), also known as ``The Border Fox'', is an Irish republican paramilitary, and at one time , who was once the most wanted man in Ireland.	Dessie O'Hare	26 October 1956
date of birth	Larry Austin (born 12 September 1930 in Duncan, Oklahoma) is a United States composer noted for his electronic and computer music works.	Larry Austin	12 September 1930
date of birth	Dirk van der Burg (10 August 1721 -- 2 July 1773), was a Dutch 18th century artist, landscape painter and watercolourist.	Dirk van der Burg	10 August 1721
date of birth	Jacob Toorenvliet (1640--1719) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works.	Jacob Toorenvliet	1640
date of birth	Leon Crouch (born 16 August 1949) is an English businessman, who was formerly chairman of Southampton Football Club.	Leon Crouch	16 August 1949
date of birth	Arshi Pipa (1920 -- July 20, 1997) was an Albanian-American philosopher, writer, poet and literary critic.	Arshi Pipa	1920
date of birth	Professor Rana Nayar (born 1957) is a translator of poetry and short fiction from Punjabi to English.	Rana Nayar	1957
date of birth	Titu Andreescu (born 1956) is an associate professor of mathematics at the University of Texas at Dallas.	Titu Andreescu	1956
date of birth	Amir Taaki (born 6 February 1988) is a British-Iranian video game and computer software developer.	Amir Taaki	6 February 1988
date of birth	Hussain Ul Haque (born 1949) is an eminent Urdu critic, Writer and theorist with a sufi approach in his thought and writings.	Hussain Ul Haque	1949
date of birth	Ju Wenpei (born 6 September 1975) is a Chinese actress and hostess.	Ju Wenpei	6 September 1975
date of birth	See Kok Luen(冼国伦) (born 3 June 1988) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Melaka United.	See Kok Luen	3 June 1988
date of birth	Bartholomew of Lucca, born Bartolomeo Fiadóni, and also known as Tolomeo da Lucca or Ptolemy da Lucca (c. 1236 -- c. 1327) was a medieval Italian historian.	Bartholomew of Lucca	1236
date of birth	Prince Konstanty Wiśniowiecki (1564--1641) was a Polish nobleman, voivode of Belz since 1636, of Ruthenia since 1638 and starost of Czerkasy and Kamieniec was a wealthy, powerful and influential magnate, experienced in both politics and warfare.	Konstanty Wiśniowiecki	1564
date of birth	Vilma Hollingbery is a British actress, born on 21 July 1932.	Vilma Hollingbery	21 July 1932
date of birth	Jorge Humberto Raggi (born 17 February 1938), known as Humberto, is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a striker.	Jorge Humberto	17 February 1938
date of birth	Hsiao-Hung Pai (simplified Chinese: 白晓红; traditional Chinese: 白曉紅; pinyin: Bái Xiǎohóng) (born 1968 in Taipei, Taiwan) is a writer best known for her books Chinese Whispers:	Hsiao-Hung Pai	1968
date of birth	Adrian Faherty (born 8 May 1988) is a Gaelic football goalkeeper with London.	Adrian Faherty	8 May 1988
date of birth	Kamil Zieliński (born 3 March 1988) is Polish professional racing cyclist.	Kamil Zieliński	3 March 1988
date of birth	Pieter Fris (1627 -- 1706) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Pieter Fris	1627
date of birth	Jan Blažek (born 20 March 1988) is a Czech football player who is currently plays for Slovan Liberec.	Jan Blažek	20 March 1988
date of birth	Emily Corrie (born 1978) is a British former sailor and actress.	Emily Corrie	1978
date of birth	Ben Keaton (born 1956, Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actor who appeared as Jeff Brannigan in ITV soap opera Emmerdale.	Ben Keaton	1956
date of birth	Maggy Whitehouse (born 1956) is an Independent Catholic priest, a stand-up comedian and an author and specialist in Judaeo-Christian mysticism, particularly Bible interpretation for Interfaith.	Maggy Whitehouse	1956
date of birth	John Chipman Wade (1817 in Granville, Nova Scotia -- January 1, 1892) was a Canadian politician and lawyer who served in both the Nova Scotia House of Assembly and the Canadian House of Commons.	John Chipman Wade	1817
date of birth	Dimitris Tsovolas (Greek: Δημήτριος Τσοβόλας; born 1942) is a Greek politician who served as Minister of Finance from 1985 to 1989.	Dimitris Tsovolas	1942
date of birth	Nick Scott (born 13 June 1990) is an English rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a winger.	Nick Scott	13 June 1990
date of birth	Bianca Gascoigne (born 28 October 1986) is a British glamour model and television personality.	Bianca Gascoigne	28 October 1986
date of birth	Paul Sanasardo (born 15 September 1928) is an Italian-American dancer, choreographer and dance teacher.	Paul Sanasardo	15 September 1928
date of birth	Joan Luedders Wolfe (born 1929) is an environmental activist, having founded the West Michigan Environmental Action Council and coordinated the passage of the landmark Michigan Environmental Protection Act of 1970.	Joan Luedders Wolfe	1929
date of birth	Mary Shomon, born 1961, is an American health activist and author whose primary focus is thyroid disease.	Mary Shomon	1961
date of birth	P. Vishnuvardhan Reddy (born 8 February 1981) is a former Member of Legislative Assembly (M.L.A) in which he represents the Jubilee Hills constituency, of Telangana.	P. Vishnuvardhan Reddy	8 February 1981
date of birth	Giuseppe Agnelli (1621 in Naples -- 17 October 1706 in Rome), was a Roman Catholic author, chiefly known for his catechetical and devotional works.	Giuseppe Agnelli	1621
date of birth	Artur Ryno (born 1990) is a Russian racist serial killer on the list of ``Individuals banned from the UK'' The reason given is that he and Pavel Skachevsky are ``Leaders of a violent gang that beat migrants and posted films of their attacks on the internet.	Artur Ryno	1990
date of birth	Seyed Ahmad Mohammadi Pahnehkalaei (Persian: سید احمد محمدی پهنه کلایی‎‎, born 11 January 1992 in Qaem Shahr) is an Iranian wrestler who won the silver medal at the 2014 World Championships.	Ahmad Mohammadi	11 January 1992
date of birth	Mathews Mar Thimothios Metropolitan was born on 3 May 1963 as the eldest son of P.J. Baby and his wife Thankamma Baby of Painuvilla Puthenveettil.	Mathews Mar Thimothios	3 May 1963
date of birth	Adam Sterling, born in 1983 in Los Angeles, California, was the Executive Director of the Sudan Divestment Task Force, a project of the Genocide Intervention Network,and a graduate of UCLA with degrees in Political Science and African American Studies.	Adam Sterling	1983
date of birth	George Ortiz (1927--2013) was a collector who assembled what is considered to be one of the ``finest collection of antiquities in private hands''.	George Ortiz	1927
date of birth	Vera Shvetsova (1929, Cherepovets, Russia) is a ballet teacher and balletmaster.	Vera Shvetsova	1929
date of birth	Roberto Prats Palerm (born 1966) is a former Senator of Puerto Rico, a lawyer, and a former candidate for Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in the elections of 2004.	Roberto Prats	1966
date of birth	John Ritchie Findlay (21 October 1824 -- 16 October 1898) was a Scottish newspaper owner and philanthropist.	John Ritchie Findlay	21 October 1824
date of birth	Lewis (Lew) Campbell (1831--1910) was a pioneer rancher in the Kamloops, area of western Canada.	Lewis (Lew) Campbell	1831
date of birth	Milija Brkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милија Бркић; born 11 August 1954) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played from the early 1970s to early 1990s, and the current manager.	Milija Brkić	11 August 1954
date of birth	Charles R. Greco (1873-1962) was an American architect who worked in the Boston area during the first half of the 20th century.	Charles R. Greco	1873
date of birth	Todd Salimuchai (born c. 1970) is a self-described Thai or Burmese former opium poppy farmer, best known as the only man to ever attempt an aircraft hijacking at the Hong Kong International Airport.	Todd Salimuchai	1970
date of birth	Born in Germany in 1969, raised in Italy and educated in the United States, pianist, composer, and arts-presenter Antonio Ciacca began his career in jazz as a sideman for Art Farmer, James Moody, Lee Konitz, Jonny Griffin, Mark Murphy, Dave Liebman, and Steve Grossman.	Antonio Ciacca	1969
date of birth	Magdi Youssef (born 1936) is an Egyptian professor of comparative literature and culture studies.	Magdi Youssef	1936
date of birth	Pandit Raj Kumar Sharma (born 14 August 1962) appears on various Indian television channels as an Astrologer.	Raj Kumar Sharma	14 August 1962
date of birth	Gamal Abdel-Rahim (Arabic: جمال عبد الرحيم‎ Gamāl ``Abd er-Raheem),(b. Cairo, 1924; d. Königstein, Germany, November 23, 1988) was an Egyptian classical music composer, educator, and pianist. His best-known work is the symphony Osiris.	Gamal Abdel-Rahim	1924
date of birth	Tom Rawling (1916--1996) was a teacher, angler and late-developing poet who wrote what Peter Porter called some of the ``most unforced collections of nature poems for some years''.	Tom Rawling	1916
date of birth	George W. Davis VI (born 1938) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy.	George W. Davis VI	1938
date of birth	Geir Barvik (born 19 May 1958 in Bø, Telemark) is a Norwegian civil servant and banker.	Geir Barvik	19 May 1958
date of birth	Derek Brockway (born 29 October 1967) is a Welsh meteorologist employed by the Met Office and based at BBC Wales in Cardiff, Wales.	Derek Brockway	29 October 1967
date of birth	Juanita Tate (1938 -- July 5, 2004) was an American community activist who advocated green space for the poor citizens of South Los Angeles, California.	Juanita Tate	1938
date of birth	Ellis Faas (born 1962, Rijswijk) is a make-up artist whom Vogue Paris has called ``one of the most influential make-up artists of her generation''..	Ellis Faas	1962
date of birth	Mario Chiari (14 July 1909 -- 8 April 1989) was an Italian production designer and art director.	Mario Chiari	14 July 1909
date of birth	Tore Reginiussen (born 10 April 1986) is a Norwegian footballer that plays for Rosenborg.	Tore Reginiussen	10 April 1986
date of birth	Edwin Embleton (1907 -- 2000) was a commercial and graphic designer who is widely recognised for his work in the Publications Division of the Ministry of Information during the Second World War.	Edwin Embleton	1907
date of birth	Vilmos Patay (born c. 1956 or 1957) is a Hungarian agrarian trader and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Dombóvár (Tolna County Constituency IV) between 2010 and 2014.	Vilmos Patay	1956
date of birth	Ralph Hewins (1909 -- 1985) was a British biographer.	Ralph Hewins	1909
date of birth	Denise Kelly (born 24 April 1954) is an Irish harpist and composer.	Denise Kelly	24 April 1954
date of birth	Manoj Badale (born 31 December 1967) was born in Dhule, Maharashtra, India and later on moved to the UK.	Manoj Badale	31 December 1967
date of birth	Stewart William Allan (born 13 November 1973), more familiar by his stage name, William Rogue, is a Scottish musician and actor.	William Rogue	13 November 1973
date of birth	Joy Glidden (born 1960 in Moncton, in Westmorland County, New Brunswick, Canada) is a contemporary art administrator, visual arts curator, filmmaker, and advocate for arts communities.	Joy Glidden	1960
date of birth	Edward Morgan Humphreys (1882-1955) was a Welsh novelist, translator, and journalist, often known as E. Morgan Humphreys.	Edward Morgan Humphreys	1882
date of birth	Jaroslav Weigel (born 2 February 1931 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou) is a Czech actor, writer and painter.	Jaroslav Weigel	2 February 1931
date of birth	Romeo Bertini (21 April 1893 -- August 29, 1973) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the marathon.	Romeo Bertini	21 April 1893
date of birth	Gerard Hemsworth (born 1945, London) is a contemporary artist.	Gerard Hemsworth	1945
date of birth	Peter Thrower (born 1938) is a professor emeritus of materials science and engineering at Pennsylvania State University, and a former editor-in-chief of the scientific journal Carbon, a post he has held between 1982 and 2013.	Peter Thrower	1938
date of birth	Josef Mattauch (21 November 1895 -- 10 August 1976) was a German physicist known for his work in the investigation of the isotopic abundances by mass spectrometry.	Josef Mattauch	21 November 1895
date of birth	Kodjo Menan (31 December 1959) is a Togolese diplomat.	Kodjo Menan	31 December 1959
date of birth	Ammonius Hermiae (/əˈmoʊniəs/; Greek: Ἀμμώνιος ὁ Ἑρμείου; c. 440 -- c. 520 AD) was a Greek philosopher, and the son of the Neoplatonist philosophers Hermias and Aedesia.	Ammonius Hermiae	440
date of birth	Shimpei Cole Ota (太田 心平; 오타 심페이, 1975 -- ) is a sociocultural anthropologist, sociocultural historian, researcher of Northeast Asian studies and curator of ethnology.	Shimpei Cole Ota	1975
date of birth	Jiří Hála (born 30 June 1972 in České Budějovice) is a former Czech ice hockey player and current sport director at HC Steelers Kapfenberg.	Jiří Hála	30 June 1972
date of birth	Ellisa Meriam Bellina Maria Bamboe (born 10 April 1965), better known as Meriam Bellina, is an Indonesian actress who has won three Citra Awards and acted in more than 50 films.	Meriam Bellina	10 April 1965
date of birth	Rico Lins (born 19 September 1955 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian graphic designer, art director, illustrator and teacher.	Rico Lins	19 September 1955
date of birth	Michael Husbands (born 13 November 1983) is a footballer who plays as a winger and forward.	Michael Husbands	13 November 1983
date of birth	Oscar Ferdinand Telgmann (c. 1855 -- 30 March 1946) was a Canadian composer of operettas, conductor and educator, and violinist best known for his operetta Leo, the Royal Cadet.	Oscar Ferdinand Telgmann	1855
date of birth	Glaybson Yago Souza Lisboa (born 5 June 1992), known as Yago Pikachu, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Vasco da Gama.	Yago Pikachu	5 June 1992
date of birth	Nikolay Bodurov (Bulgarian: Николай Бодуров; born 30 May 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Danish Superliga club Midtjylland on loan from Fulham, and the Bulgarian national team.	Nikolay Bodurov	30 May 1986
date of birth	Maysam Baou (Persian: میثم بائو‎‎, born 19 September 1983) is an Iranian football player who currently played for Esteghlal Khuzestan	Maysam Baou	19 September 1983
date of birth	Juliette Mole (born 1964) is an English actress and artist, now based in London.	Juliette Mole	1964
date of birth	Kristin Mellem (born 21 March 1965) is a Norwegian musician (violin), composer and conductor, known from Nord-Norge's musical scene.	Kristin Mellem	21 March 1965
date of birth	George Chatterton-Hill (1883--1947) was the Irish writer of several books on evolution and sociology.	George Chatterton-Hill	1883
date of birth	Saint Pacian (Pacianus) (Catalan: Sant Pacià) (c. 310--391 AD) was a bishop of Barcelona during the fourth century.	Pacian	310
date of birth	Mauricio Cárdenas Santa María (born 9 June 1962) is the 69th and current Minister of Finance and Public Credit and former Minister of Mines and Energy of Colombia, serving in the administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón.	Mauricio Cárdenas Santa María	9 June 1962
date of birth	William D. Gibbs (1869--1944) was the second president, in 1907-1912, of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts, in Durham, New Hampshire, United States, which in 1923 became the University of New Hampshire.	William D. Gibbs	1869
date of birth	He Gui (賀瓌) (858-August 28, 919), courtesy name Guangyuan (光遠), was a major general for the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Liang, serving as Later Liang's overcall commander of its operations against its archrival Jin from 917 to his death in 919.	He Gui	858
date of birth	M. S. Balasubramania (born 1967), popularly known as Snake Shyam, is a snake enthusiast, wildlife conservationist and lecturer in Mysore, India.	Snake Shyam	1967
date of birth	Ucha Japaridze (Georgian: უჩა ჯაფარიძე, 17 August (O.S. 4 August) 1906 -- 6 July 1988) was a Georgian painter.	Ucha Japaridze	1906
date of birth	Ahmet Yalçınkaya (born December 1963) is a Turkish poet and academician.	Ahmet Yalçınkaya	December 1963
date of birth	Kane Evans (born 9 January 1992) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Sydney Roosters in the National Rugby League.	Kane Evans	9 January 1992
date of birth	Simón Alberto Consalvi (7 July 1927 -- 11 March 2013) was a Venezuelan politician, journalist, diplomat and historian.	Simón Alberto Consalvi	7 July 1927
date of birth	Roger Myers (born 1947) is the co-founder of Punch Taverns, one of the United Kingdom's largest chains of public houses.	Roger Myers	1947
date of birth	Andrés Barreto (born in 1987) is a Colombian-American entrepreneur.	Andrés Barreto	1987
date of birth	Marwan Habash (born in 1938) is a Syrian politician and writer.	Marwan Habash	1938
date of birth	Bahadur Prasad Singh (born 1 September, 1965) is a former Indian middle distance runner.	Bahadur Prasad	1 September, 1965
date of birth	Karen L. Loeffler (born 1957) is the current United States Attorney for the District of Alaska.	Karen L. Loeffler	1957
date of birth	pp. 281--285 Lorna Dee Cervantes (6 August 1954 - ) By:	Lorna Dee Cervantes	6 August 1954
date of birth	Davit Sergeenko (Georgian: დავით სერგეენკო; born 25 September 1963) is a Georgian physician and healthcare administrator, serving as Georgia's Minister of Health, Labor, and Social Affairs since 25 October 2012.	Davit Sergeenko	25 September 1963
date of birth	Jiang Weixin (Chinese: 姜伟新; January 1949 - ) is the former Minister of Housing and Urban-Rural Construction of the People's Republic of China (MOHURD).	Jiang Weixin	1949
date of birth	Jordan Adéoti (born 12 March 1989) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for French club Caen, as a central defender.	Jordan Adéoti	12 March 1989
date of birth	Katie Rain Hill (born 12 May 1994) is an American transgender activist, author, model and student.	Katie Rain Hill	12 May 1994
date of birth	Stephen Dau (born 1971) is an American-Belgian writer.	Stephen Dau	1971
date of birth	Uluç Bayraktar (1974-Gelibolu) is a Turkish director.	Uluç Bayraktar	1974
date of birth	Pierre Van Houdt (born 30 October 1914) was a Belgian Olympic fencer.	Pierre Van Houdt	30 October 1914
date of birth	Manuel Cordeiro (born 26 August 1983, in Faro), is a Portuguese football manager since 2005.	Manuel Cordeiro	26 August 1983
date of birth	Arthur Llewellyn Basham (24 May 1914 -- 27 January 1986) was a noted historian and indologist and author of a number of books.	Arthur Llewellyn Basham	24 May 1914
date of birth	Tamira Slaby (born 6 March 1992) is a Paralympian athlete from Germany competing mainly in T38 sprint events.	Tamira Slaby	6 March 1992
date of birth	Guðríður Símonardóttir (1598 -- December 18, 1682) was an Icelandic woman who was one of 242 people abducted from the Westman Islands, Iceland in 1627 in a raid by Barbary pirates.	Guðríður Símonardóttir	1598
date of birth	Mario Testino OBE (born on 30 October 1954) is a Peruvian fashion and portrait photographer.	Mario Testino	30 October 1954
date of birth	Stefan Yavorsky (Russian: Стефа́н Яво́рский, Ukrainian: Стефа́н Яво́рський), born Simeon Ivanovich Yavorsky (Russian: Симеон Иванович Яворский) (1658 -- 8 December (O.S. 27 November) 1722), was an archbishop and statesman in the Russian Empire and the first president of the Most Holy Synod.	Stefan Yavorsky	1658
date of birth	Charles Gossage Grey was born in Chicago, Illinois, on 20 June 1894, the son of Charles Scott, and later adopted by his stepfather Walter C. Grey.	Charles Gossage Grey	20 June 1894
date of birth	Don Preister (born December 23, 1946) is a Democrat who served 16 years as a Nebraska state senator from Bellevue, Nebraska in the Nebraska Legislature and greeting card manufacturer for Joy Creations.	Don Preister	1946
date of birth	Nikoloz Basilashvili (Georgian: ნიკოლოზ ბასილაშვილი; born 23 February 1992) is a Georgian tennis player who mainly competes on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Nikoloz Basilashvili	23 February 1992
date of birth	Gary Taylor-Fletcher (né Fletcher, born 4 June 1981) is an English professional footballer who is currently playing for Tranmere Rovers.	Gary Taylor-Fletcher	4 June 1981
date of birth	Carin Bartosch Edström (born 1965 in Malmö) is a Swedish composer and author, and is especially interested in opera.	Carin Bartosch Edström	1965
date of birth	Ieva Sargautytė (born in 1981 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian orienteering competitor.	Ieva Sargautytė	1981
date of birth	Adrian Grant Dugmore (born 1 February 1967) is a South African-Argentine cricketer.	Grant Dugmore	1 February 1967
date of birth	Brigadier General Rahmatullah Safi (born 1948) is a former Afghan army officer and mujahideen commander who fought during the Soviet war in Afghanistan.	Rahmatullah Safi	1948
date of birth	Gilbert Clerke (1626--c.1697) was an English mathematician, natural philosopher and Socinian theological writer.	Gilbert Clerke	1626
date of birth	Raphael Trotman,(born 1966) is a Guyanese lawyer and politician.	Raphael Trotman	1966
date of birth	Ieuan Wyn Jones (born 22 May 1949) is a Welsh politician who was the Deputy First Minister in the Welsh Assembly Government from 2007 to 2011.	Ieuan Wyn Jones	22 May 1949
date of birth	Nanny Wermuth (born 4 December 1943) is the Professor emerita of Statistics, Chalmers University of Technology/University of Gothenburg.	Nanny Wermuth	4 December 1943
date of birth	Tien-Yien Li (李天岩) (born 1945) is a University Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Michigan State University and a Guggenheim Fellow.	Tien-Yien Li	1945
date of birth	Samuel Logan Brengle (1 June 1860 -- 19 May 1936) was a Commissioner in The Salvation Army and a leading author, teacher and preacher on the doctrine of Holiness.	Samuel Logan Brengle	1 June 1860
date of birth	Nawaf Ghazaleh (Arabic: نواف غزالة‎) (1927 -- November 20, 2005) was a Syrian Druze who assassinated the overthrown Syrian president Adib Shishakli.	Nawaf Ghazaleh	1927
date of birth	Palash Muchhal (born 22 May 1995) is a Music Composer from Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Palash Muchhal	22 May 1995
date of birth	Gelu Vlașin (born 30 August 1966) is a Romanian poet and essayist.	Gelu Vlașin	30 August 1966
date of birth	Edward Allen Talbot, (b. 1796 -- d. January 6, 1839), the eldest son of Richard Talbot was a strong leader in the immigration venture that his father led to Canada in 1818.	Edward Allen Talbot	1796
date of birth	Éva Viczay de Loós (1602 -- 28 July 1651) was a Hungarian noblewoman, the second wife of Baron Pál Esterházy de Galántha, who was the founder of the Zólyom branch of the House of Esterházy.	Éva Viczay	1602
date of birth	Nicholas Tuite MacCarthy (May 1769 -- 3 May 1833) was a renowned Jesuit preacher in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century France.	Nicholas Tuite MacCarthy	1769
date of birth	Nick Salapatas (born 17 November 1989) is a British-Greek footballer who plays for Bishop's Stortford in the Conference South in England.	Nick Salapatas	17 November 1989
date of birth	Annette A. Aguilar (born 1957) is an American percussionist, bandleader, and music educator.	Annette A. Aguilar	1957
date of birth	Zlatko Grgić (21 June 1931 -- 4 April 1988) was a Croatian animator who emigrated to Canada in the late 1960s.	Zlatko Grgić	21 June 1931
date of birth	Francis Fergusson (1904--1986) was a Harvard and Oxford-educated teacher and critic, a theorist of drama and mythology who wrote The Idea of a Theater, (Princeton, 1949) arguably the best and most influential book about drama written by an American.	Francis Fergusson	1904
date of birth	Willem van Zeist (born Apeldoorn, 1924) is an Archaeologist, Palynologist and Professor of Paleobotany.	Willem van Zeist	1924
date of birth	Robert Florence (born 29 July 1977) is a Scottish presenter, comedian and writer most popularly known for starring in the popular BBC comedy sketch show Burnistoun, and the video game review shows Consolevania and videoGaiden.	Robert Florence	29 July 1977
date of birth	Günter Weitling (born 1935) is a Lutheran theologian, historian, and author.	Günter Weitling	1935
date of birth	Brent Staples (born 1951 in Chester, Pennsylvania) is an author and editorial writer for the New York Times.	Brent Staples	1951
date of birth	Nodar Akhalkatsi (2 January 1938 -- 24 January 1998) was a professional football manager from Georgia.	Nodar Akhalkatsi	2 January 1938
date of birth	Jörn Schlönvoigt ((jœʁn ˈʃløːnˌvoːkt); born 1 August 1986) is a German actor, singer and designer.	Jörn Schlönvoigt	1 August 1986
date of birth	Roberson de Arruda Alves (born 29 June 1989), or simply Roberson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Juventude.	Roberson de Arruda Alves	29 June 1989
date of birth	Vicki Stone (born 1949) is an American folk artist.	Vicki Stone	1949
date of birth	Michael Wearing (born 1939) is a British television producer, who has spent much of his career working on various drama productions for the BBC.	Michael Wearing	1939
date of birth	Margaretha van Mechelen (c. 1580 in Lier -- 17 May 1662 in The Hague) was a noblewomen of the Southern Netherlands and (from c.1600 to c.1610) the mistress of Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, with whom she had 3 sons:	Margaretha van Mechelen	1580
date of birth	Rudolph Glossop (17 February 1902 -- 1 March 1993) was a mining and civil engineer and one of the founders of Geotechnical Engineering in the UK.	Rudolph Glossop	17 February 1902
date of birth	Mary Anne Jablonski (born c. 1952) is a Canadian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Red Deer North as a Progressive Conservative.	Mary Anne Jablonski	1952
date of birth	Arthur W. Robinson (born 1880; year of death unknown) was an English cricketer who played seven first-class games with little success.	Arthur W. Robinson	1880
date of birth	Guillaume Georges Didier Sarközy de Nagy-Bocsa (born 18 June 1951,) simply known as Guillaume Sarkozy, is a French entrepreneur and vice-president of the MEDEF, the French union of employers.	Guillaume Sarkozy	18 June 1951
date of birth	Lorenzo Burzigotti (born 12 March 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Grosseto on loan from Reggina.	Lorenzo Burzigotti	12 March 1987
date of birth	Rosemary Sayigh (born 1935 in Birmingham, United Kingdom) is a British-born journalist and scholar of Middle Eastern history.	Rosemary Sayigh	1935
date of birth	H. V. Kershaw, also known as Harry Kershaw, (1918 -- 1992) from Manchester was a British television scriptwriter and dramatist best known for his long association with the top rating soap opera, Coronation Street, a programme he continued to pen scripts for until the late-1980s.	H. V. Kershaw	1918
date of birth	Tsering Wangchuk (1974 in Leh), is a Tibetan physicians and the current minister for Health of the Central Tibetan Administration	Tsering Wangchuk	1974
date of birth	Tuula Hovi (born 1939) is a Finnish orienteering competitor who competed in the 1960s.	Tuula Hovi	1939
date of birth	Raja Haji Fisabilillah (full name Raja Haji Fisabilillah ibni Daeng Chelak) (1727--1784) was a Bugis warrior, and also the Yang Dipertuan Muda (Crown Prince) of the Johor-Riau Sultanate from 1777 to 1784.	Raja Haji Fisabilillah	1727
date of birth	Dayne Beams (born 12 February 1990) is a professional Australian rules football player, currently playing for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Dayne Beams	12 February 1990
date of birth	Ágota Lykovcán (née Tóth; born 2 September 1987) is a Hungarian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.	Ágota Lykovcán	2 September 1987
date of birth	Maria Violante Placido (Italian: (ˈplatʃido); born 1 May 1976) is an Italian actress and singer.	Violante Placido	1 May 1976
date of birth	Anatoliy Solovianenko was born in Donetsk (Stalino at that time) on 25 September 1932 into a miner's family.	Anatoliy Solovianenko	25 September 1932
date of birth	Eirik Ildahl (born 19 June 1957) is a Norwegian comics writer, scriptwriter, playwright and novelist.	Eirik Ildahl	19 June 1957
date of birth	Leander Kahney (born 25 November 1965) is a technology writer and author.	Leander Kahney	25 November 1965
date of birth	Valery Pryiemka (Belarusian: Валер Прыёмка, Russian: Валерий Приёмка; born 15 June 1983) is a Belarusian fencer, silver medallist in the 2007 European Championships and at the 2011 World Championships.	Valery Pryiemka	15 June 1983
date of birth	Gunnar Andreas Berg (born 14 January 1954) is a Norwegian musician, educator, owner of the record label ``Bergland Productions''.	Gunnar Andreas Berg	14 January 1954
date of birth	Steven Blyth is a poet (born 1968 in Bolton) based in the Greater Manchester area.	Steven Blyth	1968
date of birth	Vanessa Lynne Bryant (born 1954) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut.	Vanessa Lynne Bryant	1954
date of birth	Shane Jiraiya Cummings (born 24 April 1974) is an award-winning Australian horror and fantasy author and editor.	Shane Jiraiya Cummings	24 April 1974
date of birth	Elsa Klensch (born 21 February 1933) is an Australian-American journalist and novelist, often working in the world of fashion.	Elsa Klensch	21 February 1933
date of birth	Walter Woon Cheong Ming (Chinese: 温长明; pinyin: Wēn Chángmíng; born 12 September 1956) is a Singaporean lawyer, academic, diplomat and politician.	Walter Woon	12 September 1956
date of birth	Darren W. McDew (born September 29, 1960) is a United States Air Force general who serves as the Commander of United States Transportation Command Scott AFB, IL.	Darren W. McDew	1960
date of birth	Maurice de Hond (born 8 October 1947, Amsterdam) is a Dutch pollster and entrepreneur.	Maurice de Hond	8 October 1947
date of birth	Susanne Bier (born 15 April 1960) is a Danish film director best known for her feature films Brothers, After the Wedding and the Academy Award winning In a Better World.	Susanne Bier	15 April 1960
date of birth	Ian Gill (born 1955) is an Australian-Canadian writer, filmmaker, and social entrepreneur.	Ian Gill	1955
date of birth	Frédéric Théodore Faber, a Belgian landscape and genre painter, born at Brussels in 1782, was first instructed by his father, but in 1799 he went to Antwerp, and studied under Balthasar Paul Ommeganck.	Frédéric Théodore Faber	1782
date of birth	Kelvin Kwan (born 24 March 1983) is a cantopop singer from Go East, a subdivision of Universal Music.	Kelvin Kwan	24 March 1983
date of birth	Charles J. Fourie (born 1965, Potchefstroom) is a South African playwright and director.	Charles J. Fourie	1965
date of birth	Arno Jacobs (born 13 March 1977 in Potchefstroom) is a South African first class cricketer for the Warriors.	Arno Jacobs	13 March 1977
date of birth	David Mlinaric CBE (born 12 March 1939) is a British interior decorator of Slovenian descent.	David Mlinaric	12 March 1939
date of birth	Gao Jin (Chinese: 高津; born April 1959) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Gao Jin	1959
date of birth	Janne Rønningen (born 25 June 1969) is a Norwegian comedian and presenter.	Janne Rønningen	25 June 1969
date of birth	Richa Pallod (born 30 August 1980) is an Indian model and film actress who has been featured in Indian films.	Richa Pallod	30 August 1980
date of birth	Gavril Kolesov (Russian: Гаврил Гаврильевич Колесов, born 7 September 1979, in Dyabyla, Yakut Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union) is Russian draughts player (Russian, Brazilian and International draughts), seven time world champion in draughts-64.	Gavril Kolesov	7 September 1979
date of birth	Simone Fautario (born 12 February 1987) is an Italian football (soccer) left-back.	Simone Fautario	12 February 1987
date of birth	Jorge Salinas Pérez (born 27 July 1968) is a Mexican television and film actor, best known for his leading roles in telenovelas.	Jorge Salinas	27 July 1968
date of birth	Gail Nicole Da Silva (born 6 February 1993) is an Indian Model and beauty queen from Goa who won was crowned Femina Miss India United Continent 2014 and placed as 1st Runner Up at the Miss United Continent 2014 pageant.	Gail Nicole Da Silva	6 February 1993
date of birth	Rosalia Price, née Masson (fl. 1790), also known as Rosalia Masson-Price or only as Madame Price, was a British circus artist (acrobat and pantomime artist).	Rosalia Price	1790
date of birth	Steve Marmel (born 1964) is an American television writer and producer who has worked on many animated TV series, including The Fairly OddParents, I Am Weasel, Danny Phantom, Family Guy and Yin Yang Yo!.	Steve Marmel	1964
date of birth	Peter McRobbie (born 31 January 1943) is a Scottish-born American character actor.	Peter McRobbie	31 January 1943
date of birth	Kinnda Hamid better known as Kinnda (born 1982) is a Swedish artist and songwriter.	Kinnda	1982
date of birth	Severo Antonelli (ca. July 17, 1907 -- December 9, 1995) was an Italian-American photographer born in Fara Filiorum Petri, Chieti, Italy.	Severo Antonelli	1907
date of birth	Mike McGill (born 1964) is an American skateboarder who is best known for inventing the trick entitled the ``McTwist'', an inverted 540 degree mute grab aerial.	Mike McGill	1964
date of birth	Jean-Frédéric Neuburger (born 29 December 1986) is a French pianist, organist, and composer.	Jean-Frédéric Neuburger	29 December 1986
date of birth	Sir William Godolphin, 1st Baronet (c. 1640 -- 27 August 1710), of Godolphin in Cornwall, was an English Member of Parliament.	Sir William Godolphin, 1st Baronet	1640
date of birth	Prof Nigel Henbest, BSc, MSci (Cantab), DSc (Hon), FRAS (born 6 May 1951) is a British astronomer, born in Manchester and educated in Northern Ireland and at Leicester University, where he studied physics, chemistry and astronomy.	Nigel Henbest	1951
date of birth	Darren Turner (born 13 April 1974) is a British professional racing driver currently racing for Aston Martin in the FIA World Endurance Championship.	Darren Turner	13 April 1974
date of birth	Alfons Bach (1904--1999) was a German industrial designer and watercolor painter.	Alfons Bach	1904
date of birth	Anders Rønnow Klarlund born 1971, is a Danish author, director and screenwriter.	Anders Rønnow Klarlund	1971
date of birth	Kelly Markus (born 7 February 1993) is a Dutch road and track racing cyclist.	Kelly Markus	7 February 1993
date of birth	Thierry Lang (born 1956) is a Swiss composer and jazz pianist.	Thierry Lang	1956
date of birth	Álvaro Delgado Gómez (born 1966) is a Mexican political investigative journalist and author.	Álvaro Delgado	1966
date of birth	Norris Darrell (1899-1989) was an American attorney and President of the American Law Institute from 1961 to 1976.	Norris Darrell	1899
date of birth	Diana Glenn (born 13 March 1974) is an Australian actress with many credits in television, movies and theatre.	Diana Glenn	13 March 1974
date of birth	Charles A. Chase (born 1864) was an American tennis player active in the late 19th century.	Charles A. Chase	1864
date of birth	Chennaveera Kanavi(Kannada:ಚನ್ನವೀರ ಕಣವಿ) was born on 28 June 1928 at Hombalu village, Gadag District in Karnataka.	Chennaveera Kanavi	28 June 1928
date of birth	Nicomachus, or Nicomachus of Gerasa, (Greek: Νικόμαχος; c. 60 -- c. 120 CE) was an important ancient mathematician best known for his works Introduction to Arithmetic and Manual of Harmonics in Greek.	Nicomachus	60
date of birth	John Loughridge (14 February 1923 -- 4 November 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played with West Perth in the WANFL during the 1940s.	John Loughridge	14 February 1923
date of birth	Samuel Atkins (fl. 1787--1808), was a British marine painter.	Samuel Atkins	1787
date of birth	Leon Gregory (Leonard Stuart Gregory; born 23 November 1932) was an Australian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Leon Gregory	23 November 1932
date of birth	Uzair Mahomed (born 20 August 1987) is a South African born English cricketer.	Uzair Mahomed	20 August 1987
date of birth	Jacob Guay better known as just Jacob (born on 8 April 1999 in Quebec) is a Canadian young singer and dubbed as the French language answer to fellow Canadian Justin Bieber singing in both French and English.	Jacob Guay	8 April 1999
date of birth	Samuel Fairclough (1594--1677) was an English nonconformist divine.	Samuel Fairclough	1594
date of birth	Capel Berrow (1716--1782), was an English divine.	Capel Berrow	1716
date of birth	David Brickhill-Jones (born 1981) is a British orienteer.	David Brickhill-Jones	1981
date of birth	Philip Francis Little (1824 -- October 21, 1897) was the first Premier of Newfoundland Colony between 1855 and 1858.	Philip Francis Little	1824
date of birth	Axar Patel, also spelled as Akshar Patel, (born 20 January 1994) is an Indian cricketer.	Axar Patel	20 January 1994
date of birth	Jamie Amihere Moore (born 19 March 1992) is an English professional footballer of Ghanaian descent who is currently a free agent.	Jamie Amihere Moore	19 March 1992
date of birth	Petar Mišić (born 24 July 1994) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for Slaven Belupo on loan from Dinamo Zagreb in the Prva HNL.	Petar Mišić	24 July 1994
date of birth	Pandit Vishnu Deo OBE (17 July 1900 - 7 May 1968) was the first Fiji born and bred leader of the Fiji Indians.	Vishnu Deo	17 July 1900
date of birth	William Kinney (1781 -- October 1, 1843) was an American pioneer, politician, and merchant who was the third Lieutenant Governor of Illinois.	William Kinney	1781
date of birth	Kumar Deobrat Singh (born 24 October 1992) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jharkhand cricket team.	Kumar Deobrat	24 October 1992
date of birth	Mary Carr Moore (6 August 1873 - 9 January 1957) was an American composer, conductor, vocalist, and music educator of the twentieth century.	Mary Carr Moore	6 August 1873
date of birth	Alexei Eremenko (born Aleksei Alekseyevich Yeryomenko; Russian: Алексей Алексеевич Ерёменко; born 24 March 1983) is a Russian-born Finnish professional footballer.	Alexei Eremenko	24 March 1983
date of birth	Steve Maish (born 22 November 1963 in Southend, Essex) is a darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Steve Maish	22 November 1963
date of birth	Waffen SS Sturmbannführer (Major) Hans Josef Kieffer (4 December 1900 -- 26 June 1947) was the senior German intelligence officer in Paris during the German occupation of France in World War II. In 1944 he was in command of the German troops who murdered captured SAS men during Operation Bulbasket.	Josef Kieffer	4 December 1900
date of birth	Halil Asani (Serbian Cyrillic: Халил Асани, born 27 March 1974) is a Serbian football player.	Halil Asani	27 March 1974
date of birth	Paul Hanagan (born 8 September 1980 in Warrington, Cheshire) is a leading British flat horse racing jockey.	Paul Hanagan	8 September 1980
date of birth	Marie Amachoukeli (born 16 July 1979), sometimes credited as Marie Amachoukeli-Barsacq, is a French film director and screenwriter of Georgian descent.	Marie Amachoukeli	16 July 1979
date of birth	Lassana Coulibaly (born 10 April 1996) is a Malian footballer who plays as a striker for French Ligue 1 club SC Bastia.	Lassana Coulibaly	10 April 1996
date of birth	Pasi Koskinen (born 1972) is a Finnish metal vocalist and musician, currently the vocalist and guitarist of the band Datura Nemesis (2013-), but he is perhaps best known as the vocalist of the band Amorphis (1995-2004).	Pasi Koskinen	1972
date of birth	Susan Price (born 8 July 1955) is an English author of children's and young adult novels.	Susan Price	8 July 1955
date of birth	Kees van Baaren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkeːs fɑn ˈbaːrə(n)) or (ˈkeːs vɑn ˈbaːrə(n)) when pronouncing every word in isolation.; 22 October 1906 -- 2 September 1970) was a Dutch composer and teacher.	Kees van Baaren	22 October 1906
date of birth	Euphemia of Sicily (1330--1359) was regent of Sicily from 1355 until 1357 during the minority of her brother, King Frederick the Simple.	Euphemia of Sicily	1330
date of birth	Bruce Tasker (born 2 September 1987) is a British bobsleigher and former track athlete.	Bruce Tasker	2 September 1987
date of birth	Paul Scharfe (6 September 1876 -- 29 July 1942) was an SS-Obergruppenführer und General der Waffen-SS. He was the first director of the Hauptamt SS-Gericht (English: SS Court Main Office).	Paul Scharfe	6 September 1876
date of birth	Diana Yakovleva (Russian: Диана Алексеевна Яковлева; born 13 April 1988) is a Russian foil fencer, silver medal in the 2014 European Fencing Championships and team silver medal in the 2014 World Fencing Championships.	Diana Yakovleva	13 April 1988
date of birth	Alair Cruz Vicente (born 19 April 1981) is a Brazilian professional footballer who has last played as a left back for Telstar.	Alair Cruz Vicente	19 April 1981
date of birth	Konstantinos Dovas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δόβας) (20 December 1898--1973) was a Greek general and interim Prime Minister.	Konstantinos Dovas	20 December 1898
date of birth	Wolfgang Herold (born 24 October 1961) works as a film producer and sound supervisor.	Wolfgang Herold	24 October 1961
date of birth	Bent Åserud (born 5 April 1950) is a Norwegian musician and film score composer.	Bent Åserud	5 April 1950
date of birth	Ivan Guilhon (born January 1979), is a Brazilian heavy metal bassist.	Ivan Guilhon	January 1979
date of birth	Francis Parker Shepard (10 May 1897 -- 25 April 1985) was an American sedimentologist most associated with his studies of submarine canyons and seafloor currents around continental shelves and slopes.	Francis Parker Shepard	10 May 1897
date of birth	Kelvin Avon aka Afreex (born 1975 in Lusaka, Zambia) is a platinum selling music producer, songwriter and mix engineer based in London and Hong Kong, he made his name working on remixes for artists such as P. Diddy, Erykah Badu, Mario, Lumidee, Jamelia and many more.	Kelvin Avon	1975
date of birth	Peter Schofield (born 12 February 1932) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond, Melbourne and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.	Peter Schofield	12 February 1932
date of birth	Matteo Rabottini (born 14 August 1987) is an Italian racing cyclist who rode for the UCI Professional Continental team Neri Sottoli.	Matteo Rabottini	14 August 1987
date of birth	Guy Overfelt (born 1977 in Baltimore) is a conceptual artist based in San Francisco and Bolinas, California.	Guy Overfelt	1977
date of birth	Juan Antonio Pizzi Torroja (born 7 June 1968) is a retired professional footballer who played as a striker, and the current manager of the Chilean national team.	Juan Antonio Pizzi	7 June 1968
date of birth	Charles Abdy Marcon (22 September 1853 -- c. 1949) was an English clergyman, Master of Marcon's Hall, Oxford, from 1891 to 1918, then from 1918 Vicar of Kennington.	Charles Abdy Marcon	1853
date of birth	Maria Schrader (born 27 September 1965) is a German actress, screenwriter, and director.	Maria Schrader	27 September 1965
date of birth	Jacob Lee (born Jacob Lee Christian Blowes, 4 November 1994 in Southport, Queensland) is an Australian singer and songwriter.	Jacob Lee	4 November 1994
date of birth	Oliver Wehner ( 7. July 1984 in Pirna) is a German politician (CDU).	Oliver Wehner	7. July 1984
date of birth	Sarah Bouhaddi (born 17 October 1986) is a French football player currently playing for Olympique Lyon of the Division 1 Féminine.	Sarah Bouhaddi	17 October 1986
date of birth	Katherine Patricia Routledge, CBE (born 17 February 1929), is an English actress and singer.	Patricia Routledge	17 February 1929
date of birth	Sir Anish Kapoor, CBE RA (Punjabi: ਅਨੀਸ਼ ਕਪੂਰ, Urdu: انیش کاپور‎, Arabic: انيش كابور‎), (born 12 March 1954) is a British-Indian sculptor.	Anish Kapoor	12 March 1954
date of birth	Colin Slater MBE (born on 28 February 1934 in Bradford, England) is an English Sports commentator for BBC Radio Nottingham.	Colin Slater	1934
date of birth	Billy Hector, born 1956, is a blues guitarist and singer-songwriter from Orange, New Jersey.	Billy Hector	1956
date of birth	William Clopton (1538-1592) was a member of the English gentry who inherited New Place in Stratford upon Avon, and in 1563 sold it to William Bott.	William Clopton	1538
date of birth	Sebastian Wurth (born 21 July 1994 in Wipperfürth, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German singer and was a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar, making it to the Top 5.	Sebastian Wurth	21 July 1994
date of birth	Jean-Louis Hardouin Michelin de Choisy (25 May 1786 -- 9 July 1867, Versailles) was a French malacologist and palaeontologist.	Jean-Louis Hardouin Michelin de Choisy	25 May 1786
date of birth	Patrick K. Collins (born 12 September 1977, Dublin, Ireland) is the current Assistant Head Coach at Greystones RFC in A.I.B League/Division 2.	Patrick K. Collins	12 September 1977
date of birth	Vassilis Triantafyllakos (Greek: Βασίλης Τριανταφυλλάκος; born 16 July 1991) is a Greek football striker currently playing for Panthrakikos.	Vassilis Triantafyllakos	16 July 1991
date of birth	Del Casher (originally Delton Kacher. Born 1938 in Hammond, Indiana) is an American guitarist and inventor.	Del Casher	1938
date of birth	Theodora, daughter of Constantine VII (born c. 946) was the second wife and first Empress consort of John I Tzimiskes.	Theodora, daughter of Constantine VII	946
date of birth	Veton Surroi (Albanian: Veton Surroi, Serbo-Croat: Ветон Сурои, Veton Suroji) (born 17 July 1961) is a Kosovo Albanian publicist, politician and former journalist.	Veton Surroi	17 July 1961
date of birth	Arve Johnsen (born 18 February 1934) is a Norwegian industrial executive and politician.	Arve Johnsen	1934
date of birth	Volha Dubouskaya (Belarusian: Вольга Дубоўская, née Salevich - Салевіч; born 9 October 1983 in Bolshie Shilovichi) is a Belarusian long-distance runner.	Volha Dubouskaya	9 October 1983
date of birth	Bruno Marioni (born Bruno Giménez 15 June 1975, in Paraná) is a retired Argentine striker who preferred to attack from the sides.	Bruno Marioni	15 June 1975
date of birth	Gordon Mair (born 18 December 1958 in Bothwell, Scotland) is a Scottish footballer who is best known for his career with Notts County.	Gordon Mair	18 December 1958
date of birth	Susan Ware (born August 22, 1950), is an independent scholar, writer and editor who lives in Cambridge, MA and Hopkinton, NH.	Susan Ware	1950
date of birth	Colin Eric Allen (born 9 May 1938, Bournemouth, Hampshire (now in Dorset), England) is an English blues drummer and songwriter.	Colin Eric Allen	9 May 1938
date of birth	Inga Sempé (born 1968) is a French designer and constructor of technical items, who designs furniture, lamps and other design objects for manufacturers like Ligne Roset, Alessi und Baccarat.	Inga Sempé	1968
date of birth	Glen Jenvey (born 9 April 1965) is a British journalist who claims to have infiltrated, undermined and exposed radical Islamic groups.	Glen Jenvey	9 April 1965
date of birth	Michele Antonio Varano (born 13 July 1951) is an Italian criminal accused of being a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.	Michele Antonio Varano	13 July 1951
date of birth	Ellen Fiedler, (née Neumann, born 26 November 1958 in Demmin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a former East German 400 metres hurdler.	Ellen Fiedler	26 November 1958
date of birth	Fathi Hassan (Arabic: فتحي حسن‎) (born 10 May 1957) is an Egyptian-born, Italian-based artist known for his installations involving the written word and painting.	Fathi Hassan	10 May 1957
date of birth	Oleksandr Ivashchenko (born 19 February 1985 in Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Ivashchenko	19 February 1985
date of birth	Brad Fox (born 9 October 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Perth in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Brad Fox	9 October 1969
date of birth	Albert James Hannan (27 July 1887 -- 1 January 1965) was a lawyer who for 25 years was Crown Solicitor for South Australia.	Albert James Hannan	27 July 1887
date of birth	Zero Chou (Chinese: 周美玲; pinyin: Zhōu Měilíng, born 24 July 1969) is a Taiwanese director.	Zero Chou	24 July 1969
date of birth	Deniz Naki (born 9 July 1989) is a German footballer who is currently playing for Amed SK.	Deniz Naki	9 July 1989
date of birth	Nansi Richards Jones (14 May 1888 -- 21 December 1979) was a Welsh harpist, sometimes known as the ``Queen of the Harp''.	Nansi Richards	14 May 1888
date of birth	Jean-Jacques Bouya (born 24 May 1962) is a Congolese politician who has served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister at the Presidency for Spatial Planning since 2012.	Jean-Jacques Bouya	24 May 1962
date of birth	Ellice Pilkington (1 September 1869 -- 24 August 1936) was an Irish women's activist and artist.	Ellice Pilkington	1 September 1869
date of birth	Isobel Campbell (born 27 April 1976) is a Scottish singer-songwriter, cellist and composer.	Isobel Campbell	27 April 1976
date of birth	Simon Ratcliffe (born 8 February 1967) is an English former professional football player, who is manager of Gillingham Ladies and the Gillingham Girls Academy.	Simon Ratcliffe	8 February 1967
date of birth	Fred Fassert (born 1935) is most famously known as the writer of the popular song ``Barbara Ann,'' which was originally written for the band that he was in at the time, The Regents.	Fred Fassert	1935
date of birth	Eliud Kipchoge (born 5 November 1984 in Kapsisiywa, Nandi District) is a Kenyan long distance runner who has won medals at Olympic and World level.	Eliud Kipchoge	5 November 1984
date of birth	Mariano Idelman (Hebrew: מריאנו אידלמן; born 27 June 1974, Argentina) is an Israeli actor and comedian.	Mariano Idelman	27 June 1974
date of birth	Sriram Chauhan (born 20 September 1953, Khalilabad, Basti) is an Indian politician.	Sriram Chauhan	20 September 1953
date of birth	Vice Admiral Sir William Munro Kerr KBE, CB (4 March 1876 -- 26 October 1959) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be First Naval Member & Chief of the Australian Naval Staff.	William Munro Kerr	4 March 1876
date of birth	Eddy Willems is a known Belgian security expert born in 1962.	Eddy Willems	1962
date of birth	Adolf Benda (27 November 1845 -- 12 November 1878) was a Bohemian regional historian, council administrator and glass and jewelry craftsman.	Adolf Benda	27 November 1845
date of birth	Hugh Sheridan (born 30 June 1985) is an Australian actor, musician and television presenter who is known for his role as Ben Rafter in the television series Packed to the Rafters.	Hugh Sheridan	30 June 1985
date of birth	Johnny Lira (1951 -- December 8, 2012) was a professional lightweight and welterweight boxing contender who was born and died in Chicago, Illinois.	Johnny Lira	1951
date of birth	John Brownlow, 1st Viscount Tyrconnel KB (16 November 1690 -- 27 February 1754), known as Sir John Brownlow, 5th Baronet, from 1701 to 1718, was a British Member of Parliament.	John Brownlow, 1st Viscount Tyrconnel	16 November 1690
date of birth	Henry Middleton (1717 -- June 13, 1784) was a planter and public official from South Carolina.	Henry Middleton	1717
date of birth	Ray Baverstock (born 3 December 1963) is a former professional football midfielder.	Ray Baverstock	3 December 1963
date of birth	Fatimah Rohani binti Ismail (born 27 March 1992), professionally known as Emma Maembong, is a Malaysian actress and a model.	Emma Maembong	27 March 1992
date of birth	Miguel Rosich y Mass (ca. 1835 -- ca. 1915) was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico from 1889 to 1890 and again in 1897.	Miguel Rosich y Mass	1835
date of birth	Peter Cheruiyot Kirui (born 2 January 1988) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes over 10,000 metres on the track and in road running competitions.	Peter Cheruiyot Kirui	2 January 1988
date of birth	Cyril Domb FRS (9 December 1920 -- 15 February 2012) was an internationally recognized theoretical physicist best known for his lecturing and writing on the theory of phase transitions and critical phenomena of fluids.	Cyril Domb	9 December 1920
date of birth	Jonny Porkpie (born 1974) is a New York City-based writer, director, and performer in neo-burlesque.	Jonny Porkpie	1974
date of birth	Martin Grene (1616--1667), was an English Jesuit.	Martin Grene	1616
date of birth	Ikechuku Ndukwe (born July 17, 1982) is a former American Football offensive guard in the National Football League.	Ikechuku Ndukwe	1982
date of birth	Francesco Robortello (Latin: Franciscus Robortellus; 1516--1567) was a Renaissance humanist, nicknamed Canis grammaticus (``the grammatical dog'') for his confrontational and demanding manner.	Francesco Robortello	1516
date of birth	Levi Ruggles Church (May 1836 -- August 30, 1892) was a Quebec doctor, lawyer, judge and political figure.	Levi Ruggles Church	May 1836
date of birth	Roberto Colacone (born 26 April 1974) is an Italian footballer He spent most of his career at Serie B and Serie C1.	Roberto Colacone	26 April 1974
date of birth	Flora Jessop (born 1969) is an American social activist, author, and advocate for abused children.	Flora Jessop	1969
date of birth	Andrea Eckert (born 17 September 1958) is an Austrian stage and film actress, singer and documentary filmmaker.	Andrea Eckert	17 September 1958
date of birth	Mathew D. McCubbins (born 1956) is the Ruth F. De Varney Professor of Political Science and Professor of Law, in the Department of Political Science and School of Law at Duke University.	Mathew D. McCubbins	1956
date of birth	Ubertino of Casale (1259 -- c. 1329) was an Italian Franciscan and one of the leaders (together with Michael of Cesena) of the Spirituals, the stricter branch of the Franciscan order.	Ubertino of Casale	1259
date of birth	Dragan Vasiljković (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Васиљковић, born 12 December 1954), nicknamed Captain Dragan (Serbian: Kapetan Dragan/Капетан Драган), was a founder and captain of the Serbian paramilitary unit called the Knindže (Knin ninjas, Red berets).	Dragan Vasiljković	12 December 1954
date of birth	Lisa Demetz (born 21 May 1989) is an Italian ski jumper, who represents as a military athlete the C.S. Esercito.	Lisa Demetz	21 May 1989
date of birth	Father Abdel Messih El-Makari was born in 1892 in the village of Abou Shehata, Matai district, El-Menya governorate, Egypt.	Abdel Messih El-Makari	1892
date of birth	Darren Bewick (born 21 August 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who won two premierships with Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Darren Bewick	21 August 1967
date of birth	Molly Pesce (aka Molly Scott) (born c. 1963) is an American actress.	Molly Pesce	1963
date of birth	Jonas Elrod, born February 1, 1972, is an American writer, director and producer for television and film.	Jonas Elrod	1972
date of birth	Walter Curle (or Curll; 1575 -- 1647) was an English bishop, a close supporter of William Laud.	Walter Curle	1575
date of birth	Thomas James McAvoy (b. September 17, 1938) is a federal judge for the U.S. District Court, Northern District of New York.	Thomas James McAvoy	1938
date of birth	Bruce Duperouzel (born 21 April 1950 in Northam) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bruce Duperouzel	21 April 1950
date of birth	Giuseppe Zevola (born 1952, in Napoli) is a painter, philosopher and poet.	Giuseppe Zevola	1952
date of birth	Mary Queeny (Arabic: ماري كويني‎; 1913--2003) was an Egyptian actress and film producer.	Mary Queeny	1913
date of birth	Ze'ev Ben Aryeh (born 30 October 1945) is an Israeli diplomat and the former Israeli ambassador to Belarus, who plead guilty to illegally tipping off his long-term friend Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to a criminal investigation being conducted into his affairs.	Ze'ev Ben Aryeh	30 October 1945
date of birth	Iresh Zaker (born Iresh Zaker; 6 November 1976) is a Bangladeshi actor, producer and television personality.	Iresh Zaker	6 November 1976
date of birth	Mick Mercer (born 1958) is a journalist and author best known for his photos and reviews of the goth, punk and indie music scenes.	Mick Mercer	1958
date of birth	Zhu Lühe (Chinese: 朱履龢; pinyin: Zhū Lǚhé; Wade--Giles: Chu Lü-he; 1877 -- April 13, 1945) was a politician and judicial officer in the Republic of China.	Zhu Lühe	1877
date of birth	Brinley Richards (13 April 1904 -- 18 September 1981) was a Welsh language poet and author, who was Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1972 to 1975.	Brinley Richards	13 April 1904
date of birth	Tahir Aslam Gora (born 1963) is a Pakistani editor, publisher, (English to Urdu) translator, and writer of fiction and non-fiction.	Tahir Aslam Gora	1963
date of birth	Belinda Mulrooney (1872--1967) was an entrepreneur and purportedly the ``richest woman in the Klondike''.	Belinda Mulrooney	1872
date of birth	Martin Sinclair Frankland Hood (born 31 January 1917), generally known as Sinclair Hood, is an archaeologist and academic.	Sinclair Hood	1917
date of birth	Kemar McGregor (born 20 June 1980), also known by his nicknames, DJ Flava and Flava McGregor, is a Jamaican-American pop reggae producer.	Kemar McGregor	20 June 1980
date of birth	Nikola Jurčević (born 14 September 1966) is a retired Croatian footballer and current coach and assistant manager at West Ham United.	Nikola Jurčević	14 September 1966
date of birth	Indira Naidoo (born 1968 in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa) is an Australian author, journalist and television presenter.	Indira Naidoo	1968
date of birth	Shawn Tok (Chinese: 卓轩正; born 8 January 1994) is a Singaporean singer.	Shawn Tok	8 January 1994
date of birth	Gao Jinsong (simplified Chinese: 高劲松; traditional Chinese: 高勁松; pinyin: Gāo Jìnsōng; born August 1963) is a former Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Southwest China's Yunnan province.	Gao Jinsong	1963
date of birth	Gustafva Björklund (1794--1862) was a Swedish cookery book-author and restaurant owner.	Gustafva Björklund	1794
date of birth	Lee Brimmicombe-Wood (born in London on 7 December 1963) is a British designer of board games and video games.	Lee Brimmicombe-Wood	7 December 1963
date of birth	Joel Belz (born 1941) is the founder of God's World Publications in 1977, which includes the World Journalism Institute started in 1999 and WORLD magazine, a biweekly Christian newsmagazine, in 1986.	Joel Belz	1941
date of birth	Kari Buen (born 23 January 1938 at Kongsberg) is a Norwegian sculptor.	Kari Buen	23 January 1938
date of birth	Carolina Muzzilli (17 November 1889 -- 1917) was an Argentine industrial researcher and social activist of Italian descent.	Carolina Muzzilli	17 November 1889
date of birth	Ralf Berckhan (born 2 October 1931) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s and modern pentathlete who competed in the early 1960s.	Ralf Berckhan	2 October 1931
date of birth	Oğuzhan Biçer (born 17 April 1994) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Yeşil Bursa SK.	Oğuzhan Biçer	17 April 1994
date of birth	Dave Kleiman (1967 -- April 26, 2013) was a noted Forensic Computer Investigator, an author/coauthor of multiple books and a noted speaker at security related events.	Dave Kleiman	1967
date of birth	Azarmi Dukht Safavi (born 1948) is an Indian scholar and founding Director of the Institute of Persian Research, Aligarh Muslim University.	Azarmi Dukht Safavi	1948
date of birth	Randal Marlin (born 1938 in Washington, D.C.) is a Canadian philosophy professor at Carleton University in Ottawa who specializes in the study of propaganda.	Randal Marlin	1938
date of birth	Philip Suriano (born 1948) is an American actor, probably best known for playing the doomed Dominic Santoro in Martin Scorsese's 1995 film Casino, based on real-life mobster Michael Spilotro.	Philip Suriano	1948
date of birth	Jan Delay (born Jan Phillip Eißfeldt; 25 August 1976) is a German singer, songwriter, and producer whose stylistic range includes mainly hip hop, reggae, dub and funk.	Jan Delay	25 August 1976
date of birth	Mona Wallén-Hjerpe sometimes called Sjösalakvinnan (The Sjösala Woman) was born 24 January 1932 in Stockholm and died 19 June 2008 (aged 76).	Mona Wallén-Hjerpe	1932
date of birth	Scot Gresham-Lancaster (b. Redwood City, CA, USA, 1954) is a composer, performer, instrument builder, educator and educational technology specialist with over three decades of professional experience.	Scot Gresham-Lancaster	1954
date of birth	Catherine Belsey (born 1940) is a British literary critic,Bernard, Catherine.	Catherine Belsey	1940
date of birth	Fan Weijun (in Chinese: 樊偉軍, born 20 November 1978), is a Chinese football player who is now playing in Happy Valley.	Fan Weijun	20 November 1978
date of birth	Elizabeth Buchan, née Oakleigh-Walker (born 21 May 1948) is a British writer of non-fiction and fiction books since 1985.	Elizabeth Buchan	21 May 1948
date of birth	Solomon ben Judah of Lunel (born 1411) (Hebrew: שלמה בן יהודה) was a Provençal philosopher.	Solomon ben Judah of Lunel	1411
date of birth	David Westley (born 7 June 1974) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	David Westley	7 June 1974
date of birth	Pavel Pavlovich Kozlovsky (Belarusian: Павел Паўлавіч Казлоўскі, Russian: Павел Павлович Козловский; born 9 March 1942) is a retired Soviet and Belarusian military leader and independent politician.	Pavel Pavlovich Kozlovsky	9 March 1942
date of birth	Hamidou Laanigri (Arabic: حميدو لعنيݣري‎) (born 1939 near Meknes) is a Moroccan general and former head of the intelligence service of the Moroccan Ministry of the Interior.	Hamidou Laanigri	1939
date of birth	Benito Floro Sanz (born 2 June 1952) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of the Canadian national team.	Benito Floro	2 June 1952
date of birth	Samson Tam Wai-ho, JP ((traditional Chinese (HK))=譚偉豪) (born 26 February 1964 in Hong Kong) was an elected member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Functional constituency, Information Technology) from 2008 to 2012.	Samson Tam	26 February 1964
date of birth	Gordon Sharp (born 1961 in Linlithgow, West Lothian, Scotland) is a Scottish singer, musician and producer.	Gordon Sharp	1961
date of birth	Jermaine Leong (born December 1998) is an English singer from Singapore.	Jermaine Leong	December 1998
date of birth	Henry Playfair (born 22 January 1983) is the current forwards coach at the Sydney Swans, having previously been an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.	Henry Playfair	22 January 1983
date of birth	Naina Dhaliwal (born 16 September 1984) is an Indian model and actress in Bollywood.	Naina Dhaliwal	16 September 1984
date of birth	Louis Koemmenich (October 4, 1866 -- August 14, 1922) was an American composer and conductor who took his own life in 1922.	Louis Koemmenich	1866
date of birth	Jack Farthing (born October 14, 1985) is an English actor who is notable for playing Freddie Threepwood in Blandings and George Balfour in The Riot Club.	Jack Farthing	1985
date of birth	Michael Scheickl (born 23 March 1957) is an Austrian singer, composer and record producer.	Michael Scheickl	23 March 1957
date of birth	Helmut Müller-Enbergs (born Haltern/NRW 1960) is a German academic (Political sciences) who has written extensively on the Stasi and related aspects of the German Democratic Republic's history.	Helmut Müller-Enbergs	1960
date of birth	Aurelijus Rūtenis Antanas Mockus Šivickas (born 25 March 1952) is a Colombian mathematician, philosopher, and politician.	Antanas Mockus	25 March 1952
date of birth	Patrick Francis Robertson (24 August 1807 - 20 January 1885) was a British businessman and a Liberal Conservative MP for Hastings, East Sussex, England.	Patrick Francis Robertson	24 August 1807
date of birth	Ali Umar (born 5 August 1980) was a Maldivian footballer until 2013.	Ali Umar	5 August 1980
date of birth	Christoph Fisser, born in 1960, is a German film producer and Vice-President/COO of Studio Babelsberg AG. Christoph Fisser acquired Studio Babelsberg together with his business associate and present CEO Charlie Woebcken in July 2004 from the French media group Vivendi.	Christoph Fisser	1960
date of birth	Liakat Ali Errol Alibux (born in Paramaribo on 30 November 1948) is a Surinamese politician historically associated to the PALU.	Errol Alibux	30 November 1948
date of birth	Andreas Klarström (born 23 December 1977) is a Swedish professional football who plays as midfielder for Fristads GoIF.	Andreas Klarström	23 December 1977
date of birth	Derrick Lythgoe (5 May 1933 -- 30 December 2012) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackpool, Bristol City and Norwich City.	Derrick Lythgoe	5 May 1933
date of birth	Esteban Toledo (born 10 September 1962) is a Mexican professional golfer, who was a member of the PGA Tour in 1994 and 1998--2004 and has also spent many years playing on the second tier Nationwide Tour.	Esteban Toledo	10 September 1962
date of birth	Johannes de Stokem (or Johannes Stokem, last name also Prato, Pratis, Stockem, Stokhem, Stoken, Stoccken, Stoecken, Sthoken; c. 1445 -- 1487 or 1501), was a Flemish composer of the Renaissance.	Johannes de Stokem	1445
date of birth	Jurgis Karnavičius (born in 1957 Vilnius) is a Lithuanian pianist.	Jurgis Karnavičius	1957
date of birth	J.D. Malone, born in 1965, grew up in the small town of Bennington, Vermont.	J.D. Malone	1965
date of birth	Noé González Alcoba (born 12 May 1979) ``the coal-miner'' is a Urugayan boxer and a former world title challenger.	Noé González Alcoba	12 May 1979
date of birth	Mojtaba Heidarpour (Persian: مجتبی حیدرپور‎, born 20 September 1988) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Sabzevar and the Iranian national team.	Mojtaba Heidarpour	20 September 1988
date of birth	David Readman (born 6 July 1970) is an English singer, best known as the vocalist of the band Pink Cream 69 and former vocalist of progressive metal band Adagio.	David Readman	6 July 1970
date of birth	Christian Hardy (born 7 June 1979) is a British singer, multi-instrumentalist and producer.	Christian Hardy	7 June 1979
date of birth	Brenda Fricker (born 17 February 1945) is an Irish actress of theatre, film and television.	Brenda Fricker	17 February 1945
date of birth	Sister Margaret McKenna, M.M.S., (born 1940) is an American Medical Mission Sister and anti-militarist activist.	Margaret McKenna	1940
date of birth	Naren Kulung (नरेन कुलुङ, Born: 1983) is singer, composer, lyricist, social activist of Nepal based in Sydney.	Naren Kulung	1983
date of birth	Gustav Laabs (born 20 December 1902) was a German SS-Hauptscharführer and prior to that a Kriminalsekretär (Detective Sergeant).	Gustav Laabs	20 December 1902
date of birth	Luigi Consonni (born 7 February 1977) is an Italian footballer who last played for Grosseto at Serie B.	Luigi Consonni	7 February 1977
date of death	William Murray, 2nd Lord Nairne (ca. 1665 -- 3 February 1726) was a Scottish peer and Jacobite who fought in the Rising of 1715, after which he was attainted and condemned to death for treason, but in 1717 he was indemnified and released.	William Murray, 2nd Lord Nairne	3 February 1726
date of death	Leonard Swett (1825-1889) was a civil and criminal lawyer who advised and assisted Abraham Lincoln throughout the president's political career.	Leonard Swett	1889
date of death	Sir Donald Friell McLeod CB KCSI (6 May 1810 -- 28 November 1872) was a Lieutenant Governor of British Punjab (in office: 10 January 1865 -- 1 June 1870).	Donald Friell McLeod	28 November 1872
date of death	Akashi Shiganosuke (明石 志賀之助) (c. 1600 -- c. 1649) is purported to be a sumo wrestler in antiquity who is formally recognized as the first yokozuna.	Akashi Shiganosuke	1649
date of death	James H. Stewart (1859 - 1924) was a teacher and Republican politician.	James H. Stewart	1924
date of death	Johann von Posilge (ca. 1340 -- 1405) was a parish priest of Deutsch Eylau (Iława) and later assistant to Bishop of Pomesania.	Johann von Posilge	1405
date of death	Edward Devereux, 11th Viscount Hereford (c. 1710 -- 20 August 1760) was a British peer.	Edward Devereux, 11th Viscount Hereford	20 August 1760
date of death	Gligorije Trlajić (25 January 1766, Mol (Bačka) -- 28 September 1811, Harkov, then part of Imperial Russia) was a Serbian writer, poet, polylgot and professor of law at the universities of St. Petersburg and Kharkiv (Harkov).	Gligorije Trlajić	1811
date of death	Justice N. D. Krishna Rao (19 July 1904 -- 21 February 1971) was Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh High Court.	N. D. Krishna Rao	21 February 1971
date of death	Alexander Caulfield Anderson (10 March 1814 -- 8 May 1884) was a Hudson's Bay Company fur-trader, explorer of British Columbia and civil servant.	Alexander Caulfield Anderson	8 May 1884
date of death	Sir Harold Idris Bell CB OBE (2 October 1879 -- 22 January 1967) was a British papyrologist (specialising in Roman Egypt) and scholar of Welsh literature.	Idris Bell	22 January 1967
date of death	Saint Francis of Assisi (Italian: San Francesco d'Assisi), born Giovanni di Pietro di Bernardone, informally named as Francesco (1181/1182 -- 3 October 1226), was an Italian Roman Catholic friar and preacher.	Francis of Assisi	3 October 1226
date of death	Abu 'Abdallah Muhammad ibn Tahir ibn 'Abdallah (Arabic: أبو عبد الله محمد بن طاهر بن عبد الله‎, died c. 910) was the last Tahirid governor of Khurasan, from 862 until 873.	Muhammad ibn Tahir	910
date of death	Evelyn Flinders (March 21, 1910 -- November 1997) was a British comics artist who worked in girls' comics.	Evelyn Flinders	November 1997
date of death	June Randall (26 June 1927 -- 18 January 2015) was a British script supervisor whose career spanned over five decades and more than 100 film and television productions.	June Randall	18 January 2015
date of death	Cen Hun (died 280) was a minister under Eastern Wu during the later years of the Three Kingdoms Period of China.	Cen Hun	280
date of death	Monotosh Roy (Bengali: মনতোষ রায়) (21 October 1917 -- 29 June 2005) was an Indian bodybuilder, who held the Mr. Universe title in Group III Amateur Division in 1951.	Monotosh Roy	29 June 2005
date of death	Ali Adil Shah I (1558--1579) was the fifth Sultan of Bijapur Sultanate.	Ali Adil Shah I	1579
date of death	(Florence) Mabel Quiller-Couch (c. 1866, Cornwall -- November 1924) was an English editor, compiler and children's writer.	Mabel Quiller-Couch	1924
date of death	Edith Rigby (1872--1948) was an English suffragette.	Edith Rigby	1948
date of death	Joseph Zubin (9 October 1900 -- 18 December 1990) was a Lithuanian born American educational psychologist and an authority on schizophrenia who is commemorated by the Joseph Zubin Awards.	Joseph Zubin	18 December 1990
date of death	Charles Peccatte (14 October 1850 -- 22 October 1918) was a French Archetier (bow maker).	Charles Peccatte	22 October 1918
date of death	Johnny Meijer (born 'Jan Cornelis Meijer' 1 October 1912 in Amsterdam; died 8 January 1992 in Amsterdam) was an accordionist who played classical, folk, and swing.	Johnny Meijer	8 January 1992
date of death	William Henry John Slee, FGS (1836--1907), was an Australian geologist, mines inspector, and mining warden.	William Henry John Slee	1907
date of death	Simon Bowde (died 1595) of Norwich, Norfolk, was an English politician.	Simon Bowde	1595
date of death	Ernest Abraham Hart (26 June 1835 -- 7 January 1898) was an English medical journalist.	Ernest Abraham Hart	7 January 1898
date of death	Cornelis Cels (10 June 1778 -- 3 March 1859) was a Belgian painter of portraits and historical subjects.	Cornelis Cels	3 March 1859
date of death	Anthony Burges or Burgess (died 1664) was a Nonconformist English clergyman, a prolific preacher and writer.	Anthony Burges	1664
date of death	George Sirian (1818--December 21, 1891) was a Greek war orphan brought into the United States aboard the USS Constitution (``Old Ironsides'').	George Sirian	1891
date of death	Harold Alexander Lilly (April 3, 1885 -- 1936) was a farmer, car dealer and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Harold Alexander Lilly	1936
date of death	Patrick Mulligan (born 9 June 1912 - 21 January 1990) was the Roman Catholic Lord Bishop of Clogher in Ireland from 18 January 1970 until 7 July 1979, when he was succeeded by Joseph Duffy.	Patrick Mulligan	21 January 1990
date of death	Vishnu Sitaram Sukthankar (4 May 1887-21 January 1943) was an eminent Indologist and a scholar of Sanskrit.	Vishnu Sitaram Sukthankar	21 January 1943
date of death	Oliver Partridge (1712-1792) was a military commander, politician and early American patriot.	Oliver Partridge	1792
date of death	William C. Palmer (1906--1987) was an American painter who created public murals.	William C. Palmer	1987
date of death	Aldo Nannini (13 March 1951 -- 4 November 1977) was a Venezuelan professional motorcycle racer.	Aldo Nannini	1977
date of death	Alexander Jolly (1756--1838) was bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness in the Scottish Episcopal Church.	Alexander Jolly	1838
date of death	Hugo Ironside died 3 October 2008, aged 90.	Hugo Ironside	3 October 2008
date of death	Maria Clementina Sobieska (sometimes spelled: Maria Klementyna Sobieska) (18 July 1702 -- 18 January 1735) was a Polish noblewoman, the granddaughter of the Polish king John III Sobieski, and wife of James Francis Edward Stuart, Jacobite pretender to the English throne.	Maria Clementina Sobieska	18 January 1735
date of death	Edward Hunloke made his will on June 4, 1702; proved August 8, 1702.	Edward Hunloke	1702
date of death	Alexander Buckingham (ca. 1777 - 1853) was one of the main organ builders in England during the early 19th century.	Alexander Buckingham	1853
date of death	James Aspinall (died 1861), was a miscellaneous writer and popular preacher.	James Aspinall	1861
date of death	Don Devereux (18 October, 1932 - 8 February 1995) was a Welsh international prop who played rugby union for Neath and rugby league for Huddersfield.	Don Devereux	8 February 1995
date of death	Arthur Findlay MBE JP (1883 -- July 1964) was a writer, accountant, stockbroker and Essex magistrate, as well as a significant figure in the history of the religion of Spiritualism, being a partial founder of the newspaper Psychic News and also a founder of the International Institute for Psychical Research.	Arthur Findlay	July 1964
date of death	Đinh Nhu (Hải Phòng, 1910-Yên Bái, 17 March 1945) was a Vietnamese songwriter and independence activist against the French.	Đinh Nhu	17 March 1945
date of death	Luo Binwang (simplified Chinese: 骆宾王; traditional Chinese: 駱賓王; pinyin: Luò Bīnwáng; Wade--Giles: Lo Pin-wang, ca. 619--684?), courtesy name Guanguang (觀光/观光), was a Chinese poet of the Tang dynasty.	Luo Binwang	684
date of death	Takis Tsiakos (Greek: Τάκης Τσιάκος, 1909--1997) was a Greek poet, representative of the poetic style of Kostis Palamas.	Takis Tsiakos	1997
date of death	Friedrich-Wilhelm Neumann (22 January 1889 -- 26 January 1975) was a highly decorated Generalleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II who held several divisional and corps level commands.	Friedrich-Wilhelm Neumann	26 January 1975
date of death	Panampilly Govinda Menon (Malayalam: പനമ്പിള്ളി ഗോവിന്ദമേനോന്‍) (1 October 1906 -- 23 May 1970) was an Indian politician, freedom fighter, and lawyer.	Panampilly Govinda Menon	23 May 1970
date of death	Joseph Sheffield (1661 - 1706) was an inhabitant of Portsmouth in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations during the last half of the 17th century.	Joseph Sheffield	1706
date of death	Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich (5 October 1857 -- 1 July 1942; English: P.T. MacGinley), known as Cú Uladh (The Hound of Ulster), was an Irish language writer during the Gaelic Revival.	Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich	1 July 1942
date of death	James Thorneloe Smith M.Inst C.E., (20 August 1825 -- 14 March 1902) was an engineer and politician in colonial Queensland, member of the Queensland Legislative Council.	James Thorneloe Smith	14 March 1902
date of death	Leonid Teliga (28 May 1917 -- 21 May 1970) was a Polish sailor, writer, journalist, translator and the first Pole to single-handedly circumnavigate the globe on his yawl Opty.	Leonid Teliga	21 May 1970
date of death	Clayton Earl Desmond (9 March 1894 -- 14 July 1968) was a National Government and Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Earl Desmond	14 July 1968
date of death	Louis Oscar Griffith (1875--1956) was an American painter known for his landscapes.	Louis Oscar Griffith	1956
date of death	Professor Sir James Fitzjames Duff (1 February 1898 -- 1970) was an English educator.	James Fitzjames Duff	1970
date of death	Sir Richard Reynell, 1st Baronet (1626 -- 18 October 1699), was an English-born judge who had a distinguished career in Ireland and held office as Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench in Ireland.	Sir Richard Reynell, 1st Baronet	18 October 1699
date of death	Sir John Leman (1544--1632) was a tradesman from Beccles, England who became Lord Mayor of London.	John Leman	1632
date of death	Richard Creagh (born at Limerick early in the sixteenth century; died in the Tower of London about December 1586) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who was the Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland in the second half of the sixteenth century.	Richard Creagh	December 1586
date of death	Ya'akov Riftin (Hebrew: יעקב ריפתין‎, born 16 March 1907, died 14 May 1978) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam between 1949 and 1965.	Ya'akov Riftin	14 May 1978
date of death	Walter Francis Short (1832--1910) was an English academic, schoolmaster, clergyman and rower.	Walter Francis Short	1910
date of death	John Tufton, 2nd Earl of Thanet (15 December 1608 -- 7 May 1664) was an English nobleman and supporter of Charles I of England.	John Tufton, 2nd Earl of Thanet	7 May 1664
date of death	Mary Ellis Peltz (4 May 1896 -- 24 October 1981) was an American drama and music critic, magazine editor, poet and writer on music.	Mary Ellis Peltz	24 October 1981
date of death	Moustapha Lô (died 15 June 1967) was a Senegalese man who attempted to assassinate Senegalese President Léopold Sédar Senghor on 22 March 1967 at the Dakar Grand Mosque.	Moustapha Lô	1967
date of death	Arpad Miklos (born Péter Kozma, 11 September 1967 -- 3 February 2013), known under various pseudonyms was a Hungarian pornographic actor who appeared in gay and straight pornographic films.	Arpad Miklos	3 February 2013
date of death	Norman Iversen (15 October 1910 -- 1964) was a Norwegian sailor, resistance member and communist politician.	Norman Iversen	1964
date of death	Trude Guermonprez (1910-1976), born Gertrud Jalowetz, was a German textile artist and designer.	Trude Guermonprez	1976
date of death	Pat Daly (4 December 1927 - 1 January 2003), also known as Paddy Daly was a former Irish football player who played as a centre half.	Pat Daly	1 January 2003
date of death	Glenn L. Archer (1906--2002) was one of the founders and the first Executive Director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State, formerly known as Protestants and Other Americans United for Separation of Church and State.	Glenn L. Archer	2002
date of death	Eva Heller (8 April 1948-31 January 2008) was a German writer and social scientist.	Eva Heller	31 January 2008
date of death	Muhammad Emin Er (c. 1914 -- 27 June 2013) was an Islamic scholar trained in the Ottoman tradition and former student of Bediüzzaman Said Nursi.	Muhammad Emin Er	27 June 2013
date of death	Jozo Penava (26 May 1909 -- 17 January 1987) was a Bosnian music producer, composer, arranger, musician and vocalist.	Jozo Penava	17 January 1987
date of death	Abdi Shakur Sheikh Hassan Farah (Somali: Cabdishakuur Sheekh Xasan Faarax, Arabic: عبدي الشكور الشيخ حسن‎) (died 10 June 2011) was a Somali politician.	Abdi Shakur Sheikh Hassan	10 June 2011
date of death	Ratu Hijau (Thai: รายาฮิเยา; Malay: راتو هيجاو) was a Malay sovereign queen of Patani who reigned from 1584--1616.	Ratu Hijau	1616
date of death	Charles Clements, 5th Earl of Leitrim (23 June 1879 -- 9 June 1952), styled Viscount Clements until 1892, was an Irish nobleman.	Charles Clements, 5th Earl of Leitrim	9 June 1952
date of death	Varney Monk (1892--1967) was an Australian pianist and composer, best known for writing the musicals Collits' Inn (1933) and The Cedar Tree (1934).	Varney Monk	1967
date of death	Karel Duba (29 September 1923, Písek -- 21 August 1968, Ulan Bator, Mongolia) was a Czech guitarist, composer and bandleader.	Karel Duba	21 August 1968
date of death	Robert Harington, 3rd Baron Harington (1356-1406) of Gleaston Castle in the manor of Aldingham in Furness, Lancashire, was an English peer.	Robert Harington, 3rd Baron Harington	1406
date of death	Everett George Klippert (1926--1996) was the last person in Canada to be arrested, charged, prosecuted, convicted, and imprisoned for homosexuality before its legalization in 1969; the reforms which led to Canadian legalization of homosexuality were a direct result of the Klippert case.	George Klippert	1996
date of death	Edmund Feilde (also Field) (1620--1676) was an English barrister and politician.	Edmund Feilde	1676
date of death	Fabrizio Paolucci (2 April 1651 - 12 June 1726) was an Italian cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church, appointed by Pope Innocent XII.	Fabrizio Paolucci	12 June 1726
date of death	Chindodi Leela (1937 -- 21 January 2010) was an Indian stage and film actress, politician, and writer from Karnataka.	Chindodi Leela	21 January 2010
date of death	Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 1st Baron Derwent (3 January 1829 -- 1 March 1916), known as Sir Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 3rd Baronet, from 1869 to 1881, was a British peer and Liberal Member of Parliament.	Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 1st Baron Derwent	1 March 1916
date of death	Charles Henry Daniell (5 March 1894 -- 31 October 1963) was an English actor, best known for his villainous film roles, but who had a long and prestigious career on stage as well as in films.	Henry Daniell	31 October 1963
date of death	John Macqueen Cowan FRSE CBE (1892-1960) was a prominent Scottish botanist in the mid 20th century.	John Macqueen Cowan	1960
date of death	Vincent McHugh (died 1977) was an Irish Fine Gael politician.	Vincent McHugh	1977
date of death	Yves Pratte (7 March 1925 -- 26 June 1988) was a Canadian lawyer and jurist who served briefly as a Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.	Yves Pratte	26 June 1988
date of death	Somalal Shah (1905--1994) was an Indian painter and art teacher.	Somalal Shah	1994
date of death	Alfred Gordon (1874, Paris -- 1953) was a French-born American neurologist remembered for describing Gordon's sign.	Alfred Gordon	1953
date of death	Wu Zhi (died 230), courtesy name Jizhong (季重), was a politician in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Wu Zhi	230
date of death	Trần Ích Tắc (陳益稷, 1254--1329), title before defection Prince Chiêu Quốc (Vietnamese: Chiêu Quốc vương / 昭國王) was the fifth prince of Trần Thái Tông, first emperor of the Trần Dynasty, and the younger brother of the Emperor Trần Thánh Tông and grand chancellor Trần Quang Khải.	Trần Ích Tắc	1329
date of death	Walter C. Taylor (February 18, 1870--1929), a.k.a. W.C. Taylor, was a North Dakota politician who served as the North Dakota Insurance Commissioner from 1911 to 1916.	Walter C. Taylor	1929
date of death	Andrew Grima (31 May 1921 -- 26 December 2007) was an Anglo-Italian designer who became known as the doyen of modern jewellery design in Britain.	Andrew Grima	26 December 2007
date of death	Leo C. Young (12 January 1891 -- 16 January 1981) was an American radio engineer who had many accomplishments during a long career at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory.	Leo C. Young	16 January 1981
date of death	Adam Gifford, Lord Gifford FRSE (/ˈɡɪfərd/; 29 February 1820 Edinburgh -- 20 January 1887) was a Scottish advocate and judge.	Adam Gifford, Lord Gifford	20 January 1887
date of death	Martha Daniell Logan (29 December 1704 - 28 June 1779) was an early American botanist who was instrumental in seed exchanges between Britain and the North American colonies.	Martha Daniell Logan	1779
date of death	Clement Mitchell (20 February 1862 -- 6 October 1937) was an English sportsman who represented the England national football team and played first-class cricket with Kent.	Clement Mitchell	6 October 1937
date of death	Esteban de las Alas (died 1577) was a Spanish sailor who served as interim governor of La Florida from October 1567 to August 1570, in absence of official governor Pedro Menéndez de Avilés.	Esteban de las Alas	1577
date of death	Francis Scarfe (1911--1986) was an English poet, critic and novelist, who became an academic, translator and Director of the British Institute in Paris.	Francis Scarfe	1986
date of death	John Carmichael, 3rd Earl of Hyndford PC KT (15 March 1701 -- 19 July 1767), styled Viscount of Inglisberry between 1710 and 1737, was a Scottish nobleman and diplomat.	John Carmichael, 3rd Earl of Hyndford	19 July 1767
date of death	Dimitrie Macedonski (c. 1780--1843) was a Wallachian Pandur captain and revolutionary leader.	Dimitrie Macedonski	1843
date of death	Ron Gingell (born 22 October 1920 - October 1988) was a British professional footballer, football scout and manager.	Ron Gingell	October 1988
date of death	Ana Figuero (June 19, 1907 - 1970) was a Chilean educator, feminist, political activist, and government official.	Ana Figuero	1970
date of death	Ram Narayan Goswami (died 9 February 2010 in Bardhaman) was an Indian communist politician and peasant leader.	Ram Narayan Goswami	9 February 2010
date of death	Nicholas Boilvin (1761--1827) was a 19th-century American frontiersman, fur trader and U.S. Indian Agent.	Nicholas Boilvin	1827
date of death	Gidado dan Laima (1817--1842) also known as Waziri Gidado is the first known Grand Vizier of the Sokoto Caliphate, he was vizier of Sokoto during the sultanship of Muhammed Bello.	Gidado dan Laima	1842
date of death	Yelkanum Seclamatan (/jɛlˈkeɪnəm səˈklæmətən/ yel-KAY-nəm sə-KLAM-ə-tən; Nooksack: Y’elʔqáy’nem Selh’émeten (jˀəlʔˈqæjˀnəm səˈɬʼəməˌtən); died April 1911), also known as Chief Jim, Indian Jim, Lynden Jim, or Squahalish Jim, was chief of the Nooksack Indians in the late 19th century.	Yelkanum Seclamatan	April 1911
date of death	Louis Alexis Baudoin (Saint-Jean-d'Angély, 2 December 1776 -- Fougueux, off Trafalgar, 21 October 1805) was a French Navy officer and captain.	Louis Alexis Baudoin	21 October 1805
date of death	Alice Pruvot-Fol (4 August 1873 -- 28 March 1972) was a French opisthobranch malacologist.	Alice Pruvot-Fol	28 March 1972
date of death	Frozza Orseolo (1015 - 17 February 1071) was the third royal consort of Austria.	Frozza Orseolo	17 February 1071
date of death	Rafael Druian (/drujɒn/; January 20, 1923 -- September 6, 2002), was an American violinist, conductor and music educator.	Rafael Druian	2002
date of death	Monsun (1990 -- 9 September 2012) was a bay Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion bred in Germany by Gestüt Isarland and owned by Baron Georg von Ullmann.	Monsun	9 September 2012
date of death	Marcin of Wrocimowice (Polish: Marcin z Wrocimowic, (ˈmart͡ɕin zvrɔt͡ɕiˈmɔvit͡s); died 1442) was a Polish knight and diplomat from the Półkozic clan.	Marcin of Wrocimowice	1442
date of death	Gáspár Bekes de Kornyát (also Gáspár de Corniath Bekes, Kornyáti Bekes Gáspár, or Kaspar Bekes, Caspar Bekesh; 1520 -- 7 November 1579) was a Hungarian nobleman who fought Stephen Báthory for the throne of Transylvania after the death of John II Sigismund Zápolya in 1571.	Gáspár Bekes	7 November 1579
date of death	William Roos (1808 -- 4 July 1878) was a Welsh artist and engraver.	William Roos	4 July 1878
date of death	Putte Wickman (10 September 1924 -- 14 February 2006) was one of the world's leading jazz clarinetists.	Putte Wickman	14 February 2006
date of death	John Dawnay, 4th Viscount Downe (9 April 1728 -- 21 December 1780), was a British peer and Whig politician.	John Dawnay, 4th Viscount Downe	21 December 1780
date of death	Werner Seligmann (March 30, 1930 -- November 12, 1998), was an architect, urban designer and educator.	Werner Seligmann	1998
date of death	Liu Xizai (Chinese: 刘熙载, Liú Xīzaǐ; 1813--1881) was a major Chinese literati of Qing Dynasty.	Liu Xizai	1881
date of death	Ram Raja Prasad Singh (Nepali: राम राजा प्रसाद सिंह) (1936 -- 12 September 2012) was a Nepalese politician.	Ram Raja Prasad Singh	12 September 2012
date of death	Abraham Keteltas (1732--1798) was raised by Protestant parents in New York and New Rochelle, where he spent much of his time among the communities of Huguenots in the area.	Abraham Keteltas	1798
date of death	Sir George Osborn, 4th Baronet (10 May 1742 -- 29 June 1818) was born into the British aristocracy.	Sir George Osborn, 4th Baronet	29 June 1818
date of death	Theodor Amadeus Müller (20 May 1798, Leipzig - 11 March 1846 in Weimar) was a German violinist.	Theodor Amadeus Müller	11 March 1846
date of death	Al-Hajj Hedley Churchward (Mahmoud Mobarek) (Aldershot -- 28 August 1929 Johannesburg), was an English set designer and painter, notable for converting to Islam and in 1910 being the first known British Muslim to make the Hajj.	Hedley Churchward	28 August 1929
date of death	Hanna Helena Chrzanowska (7 October 1902 - 29 April 1973) was a Polish Roman Catholic who served as a nurse and was also a member of the Benedictine oblates.	Hanna Helena Chrzanowska	29 April 1973
date of death	Anton Gogeisl (Chinese: 鮑友管; pinyin: Bào Yǒuguǎn; 30 October 1701 -- 12 October 1771) was a German Jesuit Missionary.	Anton Gogeisl	12 October 1771
date of death	Mary Ann Wrighten Pownall, née Mary Matthews, (b. 1751, d. 12 August 1796) was an English singer, actress and composer.	Mary Ann Wrighten	12 August 1796
date of death	Moses Khumalo (30 January 1979 in Soweto -- 4 September 2006) was a South African jazz saxophonist.	Moses Khumalo	4 September 2006
date of death	Julián Bourges (died 1976) was an Argentine film actor.	Julián Bourges	1976
date of death	Ole Elias Holck (6 January 1774 -- 14 July 1842) was a Norwegian military officer who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly.	Ole Elias Holck	1842
date of death	Julius Dreschfeld FRCP (13 October 1845 -- 13 June 1907) was a leading British physician and pathologist.	Julius Dreschfeld	13 June 1907
date of death	Since his death in 1989, Blaise Diesbourg has added new interest in tourism in his hometown of Belle River.	Blaise Diesbourg	1989
date of death	Carl Culmann (10 July 1821 -- 9 December 1881) was a German structural engineer.	Carl Culmann	9 December 1881
date of death	Sir George Munro, 1st of Newmore (1602--1693) was a 17th-century Scottish soldier and member of parliament from the Clan Munro, Ross-shire, Scotland.	George Munro, 1st of Newmore	1693
date of death	Samuel Smiles (23 December 1812 -- 16 April 1904), was a Scottish author and government reformer who campaigned on a Chartist platform.	Samuel Smiles	16 April 1904
date of death	Natalia Castrén (1830-1881), was a Finnish culture personality and salon hostess.	Natalia Castrén	1881
date of death	Perry Henzell (7 March 1936 -- 30 November 2006) was most famous for being the director of the first Jamaican feature film, The Harder They Come (1972) co-written by Trevor D. Rhone, starring Jimmy Cliff.	Perry Henzell	30 November 2006
date of death	Thomas Cochrane, 8th Earl of Dundonald (1691 -- 31 October 1778) was a Scottish nobleman, army officer and politician.	Thomas Cochrane, 8th Earl of Dundonald	31 October 1778
date of death	Dr. Shisanji Hokari (28 March 1908 -- 2 January 2004) was a Japanese mathematician.	Shisanji Hokari	2 January 2004
date of death	Eric Gross AM (16 September 1926 -- 17 April 2011) was an Austrian-Australian pianist, composer and teacher.	Eric Gross	17 April 2011
date of death	Andrea Locatelli (19 December 1695 -- 19 February 1741) was an Italian painter of landscapes (vedute).	Andrea Locatelli	19 February 1741
date of death	Robert Pember (died 1560) was an English classical scholar.	Robert Pember	1560
date of death	Dr. Arne Asplund (1903--1993) invented the Defibrator pulping refiner and the defibrator-method (also called Asplund-method) for pulping wooden chips in 1930s.	Arne Asplund	1993
date of death	Elizabeth Sweeting (1914--1999) was a leader in performing arts and arts administration in England and Australia.	Elizabeth Sweeting	1999
date of death	Christopher St Lawrence, 10th Baron Howth (c. 1568--1619) was an Anglo-Irish statesman and soldier of the late Elizabethan and Jacobean era.	Christopher St Lawrence, 10th Baron Howth	1619
date of death	Mesrovb Jacob Seth (born 15 March 1871 in Jolfa - died 31 October 1939 in Calcutta) was an author, historian and school master of Classical Armenian at the Armenian College and Philanthropic Academy, Kolkata.	Mesrovb Jacob Seth	31 October 1939
date of death	Francis Joseph Flynn (6 October 1864 -- 5 October 1898), better known as General Mite, was an American dwarf who performed as a showman at various competitions around the world.	Francis Joseph Flynn	5 October 1898
date of death	Harold William Hounsfield Riley Sr. (born: 1877 St. Lambert, Quebec - died: 1946) was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Harold William Hounsfield Riley	1946
date of death	Zenobia Powell Perry (October 3, 1908--2004) was an African American composer, professor and civil rights activist.	Zenobia Powell Perry	2004
date of death	William Francis Strudwick (c. 1765--1812) was a U.S. Congressman from the state of North Carolina between 1796 and 1797.	William Francis Strudwick	1812
date of death	Ethel Scott (1907--1984) was the first black woman to represent Great Britain in an international athletics competition.	Ethel Scott	1984
date of death	Nathan Adadi (Hebrew: נתן אדאדי‎, 1740-1818) was a Sephardi Hakham, Torah scholar, and kabbalist in the Jewish community of Tripoli, Libya.	Nathan Adadi	1818
date of death	David B. Eskind (1909-1992) was a radio scriptwriter and producer.	David B. Eskind	1992
date of death	Sir Frederick Eley, 1st Baronet (22 November 1866 -- 7 February 1951) was an English banker.	Sir Frederick Eley, 1st Baronet	7 February 1951
date of death	Josiah Burchett (1666? -- 2 October 1746) was Secretary of the Admiralty in England, a position he held for almost fifty years (26 September 1694 - 14 October 1742).	Josiah Burchett	2 October 1746
date of death	Robert Durning Holt (11 October 1832 in Liverpool -- 1908) was an English shipowner, cotton-broker and local politician.	Robert Durning Holt	1908
date of death	Frederick Lygon, 6th Earl Beauchamp PC DL (10 November 1830 -- 19 February 1891), styled The Honourable Frederick Lygon between 1853 and 1866, was a British Conservative politician.	Frederick Lygon, 6th Earl Beauchamp	19 February 1891
date of death	Marcel Verhamme (died 16 November 1943) was a Belgian Resistance fighter during World War II. A radio telegrapher by profession, he was recruited in 1941 by Walthère Dewé for the resistance network known as Clarence.	Marcel Verhamme	16 November 1943
date of death	Dugald Buchanan (Dùghall Bochanan in Gaelic) (Ardoch Farm, Strathyre (near Balquhidder) in Perthshire, Scotland 1716--1768) was a Scottish poet writing in Scots and Scottish Gaelic.	Dugald Buchanan	1768
date of death	Christina Kalogerikou (Greek: Χριστίνα Καλογερίκου; 1885 -- 3 November 1968) was an actress which she was awarded for her work in the theatre.	Christina Kalogerikou	3 November 1968
date of death	Christopher Dale Flannery, aka Mr. Rent-A-Kill (born 1948 - missing and believed murdered since 9 May 1985) is alleged to have been an Australian hitman.	Christopher Dale Flannery	9 May 1985
date of death	Robin Clidro (1545--1580) was a Welsh language poet and itinerant minstrel from Denbighshire, North Wales.	Robin Clidro	1580
date of death	Ralph Battell, D.D. (1649--1713) was an English divine.	Ralph Battell	1713
date of death	Jacques Morali (4 July 1947 -- 15 November 1991) was a groundbreaking French Disco & Dance music singer/songwriter, producer, arranger and creator of novelty acts like The Ritchie Family and Village People.	Jacques Morali	15 November 1991
date of death	Eduard von Bonin (7 March 1793 -- 13 March 1865) was a Prussian general officer who served as Prussian Minister of War from 1852--54 and 1858-59.	Eduard von Bonin	13 March 1865
date of death	Trần Quang Vinh (1897-1975) was a political leader of the Cao Đài sect active at the time of the establishment of the 1945 Empire of Vietnam.	Trần Quang Vinh	1975
date of death	Snookum Russell (April 6, 1913 -- August 1981) was an American pianist and leader of a territory band that played tobacco warehouses and dance halls in the South and Midwest in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.	Snookum Russell	August 1981
date of death	Bear JJ1 (2004 -- 26 June 2006) was a brown bear whose travels and exploits in Austria and Germany in the first half of 2006 drew international attention.	Bear JJ1	26 June 2006
date of death	Jakob Fugger of the Lily (German: Jakob Fugger von der Lilie) (6 March 1459 -- 30 December 1525), also known as Jakob Fugger the Rich or sometimes Jakob II, was a major merchant, mining entrepreneur and banker of Europe.	Jakob Fugger	30 December 1525
date of death	William Leman Rede (31 January 1802 -- 3 April 1847) was one of the many prolific and successful playwrights who composed farces, melodramas, burlettas (light musical and comedies), and travesties, primarily for theatres such as the Olympic, Strand, and Adelphi, in the early nineteenth century.	William Leman Rede	3 April 1847
date of death	William Neville Harding (4 January 1893 -- 31 March 1978) was a Taxation accountant, company director and New South Wales local government politician who was Lord Mayor of Sydney and an Alderman of the Sydney City Council from 1935 to 1948.	William Neville Harding	31 March 1978
date of death	Sir William Batten (c. 1600 -- 1667) was an English naval officer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1667.	William Batten	1667
date of death	Algernon Borthwick, 1st Baron Glenesk JP (27 December 1830 -- 24 November 1908), known as Sir Algernon Borthwick, Bt, between 1887 and 1895, was a British journalist and Conservative politician.	Algernon Borthwick, 1st Baron Glenesk	24 November 1908
date of death	Daud Mirza (16 November 1969 -- 12 May 2014) was a Pakistani-Norwegian actor.	Daud Mirza	12 May 2014
date of death	James Compton, 5th Earl of Northampton (2 May 1687 -- 3 October 1754), known as Lord Compton from 1687 to 1727, was a British peer and politician.	James Compton, 5th Earl of Northampton	3 October 1754
date of death	William Frost (28 May 1848 -- March 1935) was a Welsh designer of an early flying machine, the Frost Airship Glider.	William Frost	1935
date of death	Henry William Poor (June 16, 1844 -- April 1915) was an American banker, stockbroker, and author.	Henry William Poor	1915
date of death	Major-General Henry MacKinnon (August 1773 -- 19 January 1812), was a British soldier.	Henry MacKinnon	19 January 1812
date of death	Jake D'Arcy, (born John Sinclair, 2 December 1945 -- 30 May 2015) was a Scottish actor, most recently known for playing ``Pete the Jakey'' on the Scottish comedy programme Still Game.	Jake D'Arcy	30 May 2015
date of death	Karel Klančnik (30 May 1917 -- 8 December 2009) was a Yugoslavian ski jumper who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Karel Klančnik	8 December 2009
date of death	Jean de Launoy (Joannes Launoius) (21 December 1603 -- 10 March 1678) was a French historian.	Jean de Launoy	10 March 1678
date of death	Lotte Brand Philip (May 27, 1910 -- May 2, 1986) was a German art historian, professor and expert on Netherlandish art, one of the most notable and incisive experts on 14th- and 15th-century art to have studied under Erwin Panofsky.	Lotte Brand Philip	1986
date of death	David Watterston (2 January 1845 -- 23 July 1931) was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor; he was editor of The Australasian from 1885 to 1903 and of The Argus 1903 to 1906.	David Watterston	23 July 1931
date of death	José Francisco Álvarez (1796--1841) was an Argentine lawyer, military and politician who served briefly as governor of the province of Córdoba.	José Francisco Álvarez	1841
date of death	Donyo Dorje (Wylie: Don yod rdo rje) (1463 -- 23 March 1512) was the third and most powerful prince of the Rinpungpa Dynasty that held power in much of Central Tibet from 1435 to 1565.	Donyo Dorje	1512
date of death	Jean Baratte (7 June 1923, Lambersart, Nord -- 1 July 1986) was a French international footballer who played as striker, and manager.	Jean Baratte	1 July 1986
date of death	Horatio Potter (9 February 1802 -- 2 January 1887), was an Episcopal Bishop in the Diocese of New York.	Horatio Potter	1887
date of death	Charles Wendell David (1885--1984) was a noted American bibliophile, medievalist and librarian.	Charles Wendell David	1984
date of death	Arabacı Ali Pasha (also known as Bahadırzade Ali Pasha; 1620--1693) was a short-term Ottoman grand vizier from 1691 to 1692.	Arabacı Ali Pasha	1693
date of death	Ivy Close (15 June 1890 -- 4 December 1968) was a British actress.	Ivy Close	4 December 1968
date of death	Friedrich Hassaurek (8 October 1831 Vienna, Austria - 3 October 1885 Paris) was a United States journalist and ambassador.	Friedrich Hassaurek	3 October 1885
date of death	General José Quintín Bandera Betancourt (ca. 1834 -- 1906), also Quentin Bandera and Quintin Bandera, was a military leader of the Cuban insurrection against the Spanish during the Cuban War of Independence.	Quentin Bandera	1906
date of death	Edward Lee Thrasher (1892--1971), who went by Edward L. Thrasher, was a builder, contractor and decorator who served on the Los Angeles, California, City Council between 1931 and 1942.	Edward L. Thrasher	1971
date of death	Wolfgang Raible: ''Kurt Baldinger: 17 November 1919 - 17 January 2007``.	Kurt Baldinger	17 January 2007
date of death	William Dalgety Moore (30 August 1835 -- 22 April 1910) was a businessman in Fremantle, Western Australia, and also a pastoralist and politician.	William Dalgety Moore	22 April 1910
date of death	George Stavrinos (1948-1990) was an American illustrator.	George Stavrinos	1990
date of death	Jan Bulthuis (30 October 1750, Groningen -- 29 May 1801, Amsterdam) was a Dutch draftsman and painter.	Jan Bulthuis	29 May 1801
date of death	Roy Bent (1900 -- 7 October 1975) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian Football Association.	Roy Bent	7 October 1975
date of death	Cavit Cav (1905--29 April 1982) was a Turkish Olympian road cyclist.	Cavit Cav	29 April 1982
date of death	Major-General John Clitherow (13 December 1782 -- 14 October 1852) was an army officer, politician and was briefly Lieutenant Governor of Canada West and Canada East (1841).	John Clitherow	14 October 1852
date of death	Giovanni Pietro Possenti (1618--1659) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly as a battle painter.	Giovanni Pietro Possenti	1659
date of death	Herman Berlinski (18 August 1910 -- 27 September 2001) was a German-born American composer, organist, pianist, musicologist and choir conductor.	Herman Berlinski	27 September 2001
date of death	Lotika Zellermeier (Serbian: Лотика Цилермајер/Lotika Cilermajer) (1860, Kraków, Poland -- 1938, Višegrad, Yugoslavia) was the inspiration for the main character from the 1961 Nobel Prize winner Ivo Andrić's novel The Bridge on the Drina.	Lotika Zellermeier	1938
date of death	Rinaldo Priora (Turin, October 12, 1864 -- 1942) was an Italian painter, mainly of still lifes and landscapes.	Rinaldo Priora	1942
date of death	Mihaela Ursuleasa (27 September 1978 -- 2 August 2012) was a Romanian concert pianist.	Mihaela Ursuleasa	2 August 2012
date of death	Sadhana Shivdasani (2 September 1941 -- 25 December 2015), better known mononymously as Sadhana, was an Indian actress who was one of the top actresses in the 1960s and the early-1970s, a period regarded as Bollywood's ``golden era''.	Sadhana Shivdasani	25 December 2015
date of death	Blessed Giovanna Francesca Michelotti (29 August 1843 -- 1 February 1888), born Anna Michelotti, was an Italian Roman Catholic nun.	Giovanna Francesca Michelotti	1 February 1888
date of death	Avraham-Haim Shag (Hebrew: אברהם-חיים שאג‎, born Avraham-Haim Tzvebner on 17 July 1883, died 6 December 1958) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Assembly of Representatives and the Knesset.	Avraham-Haim Shag	6 December 1958
date of death	John Lovelace, 2nd Baron Lovelace (February 1616 -- 25 November 1670 was a British peer and Royal servant.	John Lovelace, 2nd Baron Lovelace	25 November 1670
date of death	Leonard Blunt (21 March 1929 -- July 2005) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire and the Europeans in the 1940s.	Leonard Blunt	July 2005
date of death	Frederick Mortimer Clapp (July 26, 1879 -- 1969) was the first Director of the Frick Collection in Manhattan, New York, as well as a poet, and art historian.	Frederick Mortimer Clapp	1969
date of death	Riccardo Pazzaglia (12 September 1926 -- 4 October 2006) was an Italian actor, film director, screenwriter, songwriter (for Domenico Modugno), TV and radio personality.	Riccardo Pazzaglia	4 October 2006
date of death	Jack McDonough (26 July 1879 -- 23 February 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack McDonough	23 February 1955
date of death	Giovanni Battista Falcieri (known as ``Tita'') (1798--1874) was the personal servant of Lord Byron and was present at his death in Missolonghi in 1824.	Giovanni Battista Falcieri	1874
date of death	Neil Tucker (9 May 1915 -- 6 October 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Neil Tucker	6 October 1981
date of death	Francisco de las Carreras (1809--1870) was an Argentine lawyer, judge and politician.	Francisco de las Carreras	1870
date of death	Robert Byron Miller (19 April 1825 -- 5 October 1902) was a lawyer and politician in colonial Tasmania.	Robert Byron Miller	5 October 1902
date of death	Edmund Sedding (20 June 1836--1868) was an English architect and musician.	Edmund Sedding	1868
date of death	John Shirreff (1759--1818) was a Scottish agricultural writer.	John Shirreff	1818
date of death	Felton Snow (October 23, 1905 -- July 1974) was a Negro League professional baseball player who played for the Nashville Elite Giants that later became the Columbus Elite Giants, the Washington Elite Giants, and the Baltimore Elite Giants.	Felton Snow	1974
date of death	Totila, original name Baduila (died July 1, 552) was the penultimate King of the Ostrogoths, reigning from 541 to 552 AD.	Totila	552
date of death	Bécc mac Airemóin (died 893) or Bécc mac Éiremóin was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland.	Bécc mac Airemóin	893
date of death	Edward Salomons (1828--1906) was an Anglo-Jewish architect based in Manchester, working in the late 19th century.	Edward Salomons	1906
date of death	Thomas F. Byrnes (June 15, 1842 -- May 7, 1910) was an Irish-born American police officer, who served as head of the New York City Police Department detective department from 1880 until 1895, and gained national attention for his exploits.	Thomas F. Byrnes	1910
date of death	Khalilullah I (Halil) (1418--1465) was 34th ruler of Shirvan and son of Ibrahim I of Shirvan.	Khalilullah I	1465
date of death	Willem van de Velde the Elder (c. 1611 -- 13 December 1693) was a Dutch Golden Age seascape painter.	Willem van de Velde the Elder	13 December 1693
date of death	Béatrix de Cusance (27 December 1614 -- 5 June 1663), Baroness of Belvoir, was the second wife of Charles IV, former reigning Duke of Lorraine.	Béatrix de Cusance	5 June 1663
date of death	Camillo Gavasetti (1596-1630) was a native of Modena, who flourished about the year 1626.	Camillo Gavasetti	1630
date of death	Robert Gittler committed suicide in 1978 before the theatrical release of The Buddy Holly Story.	Robert Gittler	1978
date of death	Sang-nu (상루, 尙婁) (died 294) was the Prime Minister of Goguryeo during the reign of King Seocheon, and the son of previous Prime Minister Eum-u.	Sang-nu	294
date of death	John Jabez Thurston (11 October 1888 -- 8 January 1960) was an independent member of the Canadian House of Commons.	John Jabez Thurston	8 January 1960
date of death	Thomas Boutflower Bennett (1808- 14 September 1894) was an early colonist of South Australia, remembered as a schoolmaster at J. L. Young's Adelaide Educational Institution and at Saint Peter's College.	Thomas Boutflower Bennett	1894
date of death	Shaul Berezovsky (sometimes spelt Berezowski) (1908-1975) was a Polish Jewish composer, pianist, music director.	Shaul Berezovsky	1975
date of death	John Kruse (1921--2004) was an English film and television screenwriter, director and novelist.	John Kruse	2004
date of death	Sir Grafton Elliot Smith, FRS FRCP (15 August 1871 -- 1 January 1937) was an Australian-British anatomist and a proponent of the hyperdiffusionist view of prehistory.	Grafton Elliot Smith	1 January 1937
date of death	Dai Longbang (Chinese: 戴龍邦) (1732?--1801) was a Chinese master of the internal martial art of Xinyiquan (Heart and Intention Boxing), the precursor of Xingyiquan (Form and Intention Boxing).	Dai Longbang	1801
date of death	Anjanibai Malpekar (22 April 1883 -- 7 August 1974) was a noted Indian classical singer, belonging to the Bhendibazaar gharana of Hindustani classical music.	Anjanibai Malpekar	7 August 1974
date of death	Agnes McLaren (4 July 1837 -- 17 April 1913) was a respected Scottish doctor who was the first to give medical assistance to women in India who, because of custom, were unable to access medical help from male doctors.	Agnes McLaren	17 April 1913
date of death	Eifan Saadoun Al Issawi (died 15 January 2013) was an Iraqi politician who was killed in a suicide bombing attack on 15 January 2013.	Eifan Saadoun Al Issawi	15 January 2013
date of death	Samuel Wix (1771--1861) was an English cleric and controversialist.	Samuel Wix	1861
date of death	Joseph Charles Fowell (2 August 1891 - 3 July 1970) was a prominent Australian 20th century architect.	Joseph Charles Fowell	3 July 1970
date of death	Sir William Gammie Ogg (1891--1979) was a British horticultural scientist and Director of Rothamsted Experimental Station	William Gammie Ogg	1979
date of death	Jean-Joseph Dassy, a French historical and portrait painter, and lithographer, was born at Marseilles on December 27, 1791 and died in the same city on July 27, 1865.	Jean-Joseph Dassy	1865
date of death	Natalino Otto, stage name of Natale Codognotto (24 December 1912 -- 4 October 1969) was an Italian singer.	Natalino Otto	4 October 1969
date of death	George Lister Sutcliffe (died September 1915) was an English Arts and Crafts architect and author of a number of technical and architectural publications.	George Lister Sutcliffe	September 1915
date of death	Sallie Martin (November 20, 1895 -June 18, 1988) was a gospel singer nicknamed ``the mother of gospel music'' for her efforts to popularize the songs of Thomas A. Dorsey and her influence on other artists.	Sallie Martin	1988
date of death	Jamie Kyne (1991 -- 5 September 2009) was an Irish jockey.	Jamie Kyne	5 September 2009
date of death	Ali Alatas (Arabic: علي العطاس‎ ʿAlī al-ʿAṭṭās; 4 November 1932 -- 11 December 2008) was an Indonesian diplomat of Ba 'Alawi sada descent, who served as the country's foreign minister from 1988 to 1999.	Ali Alatas	11 December 2008
date of death	Richard Conyers (1725--1786) was an English evangelical cleric, and the hymn-book compiler of a precursor to the Olney Hymns.	Richard Conyers	1786
date of death	Raja Bahadur Venkatarama Reddy (August 1869 - 1953) was the first Hindu to be made kotwal of Hyderabad as in the late 19th and early 20th century, during the Islamic rule of the Nizams, the powerful position of kotwal of Hyderabad was held only by Muslims.	Raja Bahadur Venkatarama Reddy	1953
date of death	Norman Macleod Ferrers D.D. (11 August 1829 -- 31 January 1903) was a British mathematician and university administrator and editor of a mathematical journal.	Norman Macleod Ferrers	31 January 1903
date of death	Karel Albert Rudolf Bosscha, sometimes known as KAR Bosscha or Ru Bosscha (The Hague, 15 May 1865 -- Malabar, Indonesia, 26 November 1928) was a planter, philanthropist and administrator of the Malabar Plantation in Bandung, Indonesia.	Karel Albert Rudolf Bosscha	26 November 1928
date of death	Semen Paliy (Ukrainian: Семен Палiй, Polish: Semen Palej) (c. 1645 -- 1710) was a Ukrainian Cossack polkovnyk (colonel).	Semen Paliy	1710
date of death	Halbert L. Dunn, M.D. (1896--1975) was the leading figure in establishing a national vital statistics system in the United States and is known as the ``father of the wellness movement''.	Halbert L. Dunn	1975
date of death	Jean Danjou (15 April 1828 -- 30 April 1863) was a decorated captain in the French Foreign Legion.	Jean Danjou	30 April 1863
date of death	Qin Jiushao (Chinese: 秦九韶; pinyin: Qín Jiǔsháo; Wade--Giles: Ch'in Chiu-shao, ca. 1202--1261), courtesy name Daogu (道古), was a Chinese mathematician.	Qin Jiushao	1261
date of death	Paul Moon James (1780--1854) was a successful English banker, who worked in partnership with Samuel Galton junior in Steelhouse Lane, Birmingham.	Paul Moon James	1854
date of death	Arthur Stayner (29 March 1835 -- 4 September 1899) was an English horticulturist who emigrated to the United States and became important in the founding of the sugar beet industry in Utah.	Arthur Stayner	4 September 1899
date of death	H. E. Todd (1908--1988) was a British writer of children's fiction.	H. E. Todd	1988
date of death	Luiz Heitor Corrêa de Azevedo (Rio de Janeiro, 13 December 1905 -- Paris, 10 November, 1992) was a Brazilian journalist, musicologist and folklorist.	Luiz Heitor Corrêa de Azevedo	10 November, 1992
date of death	Mary Ellicott Arnold (April 23, 1876--1968) was an American social activist, teacher and writer best known for In the Land of the Grasshopper Song, the memoir she wrote with Mabel Reed (1876--1963) on their experiences as Bureau of Indian Affairs employees, 1908--1909.	Mary Ellicott Arnold	1968
date of death	Murong Fuyun (慕容伏允) (597--635), formal title Busabo Khan (步薩鉢可汗), was a ruler of the Xianbei state Tuyuhun.	Murong Fuyun	635
date of death	Charles Fenerty (January, 1821 -- 10 June 1892), was a Canadian inventor who invented the wood pulp process for papermaking, which was first adapted into the production of newsprint.	Charles Fenerty	10 June 1892
date of death	Sir Goday Narayana Gajapathi Rao KCIE (December 1, 1828 - May 1903) was an Indian aristocrat and politician who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council from 1868 to 1884.	Goday Narayana Gajapathi Rao	1903
date of death	Sir Lewis McIver, 1st Baronet (6 March 1846 -- 9 August 1920) was a British Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1909.	Lewis McIver	9 August 1920
date of death	Jamaluddin Abro, (Sindhi: جمال الدين ابڙو‎ - Urdu: جمال الدین ابڑو ‎) also known as Jamal Abro (2 May 1924 -- 30 June 2004, Larkana, Pakistan) was a Sindhi writer.	Jamal Abro	30 June 2004
date of death	Captain William Frederick Strickland (1 February 1880 -- 29 November 1954) was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) representing Coventry, from 1931 to 1945.	William Frederick Strickland	29 November 1954
date of death	Josef Swickard (26 June 1866 -- 29 February 1940) was a German-born veteran stage and screen character actor, who had toured with stock companies in Europe, South Africa, and South America.	Josef Swickard	29 February 1940
date of death	Earl L. Warrick (1911--2002) was an industrial chemist at Dow Corning who is noted for his claim to being the inventor of Silly Putty.	Earl L. Warrick	2002
date of death	John William Muir (15 December 1879 -- 11 January 1931) was the editor of The Worker who was prosecuted under the Defense of the Realm Act for an article criticising the war.	John William Muir	11 January 1931
date of death	Malcolm Bruce Smith (29 February 1924 -- 27 July 2000) was an Australian chemist who studied the egg protein ovalbumin.	Malcolm Bruce Smith	27 July 2000
date of death	Major-General William Farquhar (/ˈfɑːkər/ FAH-kər; 26 February 1774 -- 11 May 1839) was an employee of the East India Company, and the first Resident of colonial and Commandant British of Singapore.	William Farquhar	11 May 1839
date of death	Guillaume Cousinot de Montreuil (1400--1484) was a French diplomat, magistrate and civil servant.	Guillaume Cousinot de Montreuil	1484
date of death	Nora Dunfee (25 December 1915 -- 23 December 1994) was an American Broadway and film actress and acting coach.	Nora Dunfee	23 December 1994
date of death	Cresheld Draper (8 November 1646 -- 15 March 1694) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1678 to 1689.	Cresheld Draper	15 March 1694
date of death	Sir Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad, KCIE (1864 - 10 December 1947) was an eminent Indian barrister who practiced in the Bombay High Court in the early 20th century.	Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad	10 December 1947
date of death	César Alfredo Miró Quesada Bahamonde (1907--1999), more commonly known as César Miró, was a Peruvian writer and composer.	César Miró	1999
date of death	Oliver Samuel Tonks, Ph.D. (1874--1953) was a professor of art at Vassar College.	Oliver Samuel Tonks	1953
date of death	Brian Brolly (21 October 1936 -- 28 October 2006), was an English showbusiness entrepreneur.	Brian Brolly	28 October 2006
date of death	Ephraim Peabody (22 March 1807 Wilton, New Hampshire - 28 November 1856 Boston, Massachusetts) was a Unitarian clergyman from the United States.	Ephraim Peabody	28 November 1856
date of death	Henrietta Hill Swope (October 26, 1902 - November 24, 1980) was an American astronomer who studied variable stars.	Henrietta Hill Swope	1980
date of death	Godfrey Winham (December 11, 1934--April 26, 1975) was an English-born music theorist and composer of contemporary classical music who moved to the United States.	Godfrey Winham	1975
date of death	Peter Dombrovskis (2 March 1945 -- 28 March 1996) was an Australian photographer, known for his Tasmanian scenes.	Peter Dombrovskis	28 March 1996
date of death	Adam Bellenden (c. 1569--1647) was a 17th-century Scottish churchman.	Adam Bellenden	1647
date of death	Henriette Arendt (11 November 1874 -- 22 August 1922) was a German writer and policewoman.	Henriette Arendt	22 August 1922
date of death	Sir Richard Pakenham PC (19 May 1797 -- 28 October 1868) was a British diplomat.	Richard Pakenham	28 October 1868
date of death	Lord Ian Basil Gawaine Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood (4 November 1870 -- 3 July 1917), known as Lord Basil Temple Blackwood, was a British lawyer, civil servant and book illustrator.	Basil Temple Blackwood	3 July 1917
date of death	Olavi Hänninen (14 December 1920, Lapinlahti -- 16 June 1992) was a Finnish designer and interior architect.	Olavi Hänninen	16 June 1992
date of death	Colonel Sir Henry Simpson Newland CBE DSO (24 November 1873 -- 13 November 1969) was a distinguished Australian surgeon.	Henry Simpson Newland	13 November 1969
date of death	Niels Jacobsen (14 September 1865 - 31 January 1935) was a Danish architect and politician who worked primarily in Odense.	Niels Jacobsen	31 January 1935
date of death	William Cruden (1726--1785) was a Scottish minister and author.	William Cruden	1785
date of death	Mordechai Avida (1909--1986), born Mordechai Zlotnik, was a radio broadcaster of Kol Israel in its preliminary stages.	Mordechai Avida	1986
date of death	Gina Krog (20 June 1847 -- 14 April 1916) was a Norwegian feminist pioneer, teacher, liberal politician and editor.	Gina Krog	14 April 1916
date of death	Richard Barry Parker (18 November 1867 -- 21 February 1947) was an English architect and urban planner associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement.	Richard Barry Parker	21 February 1947
date of death	Usmar Ismail (20 March 1921 -- 2 January 1971) was a prominent Indonesian film director.	Usmar Ismail	2 January 1971
date of death	Elena de Galantha (24 November 1890 -- 5 January 1986) considered a pioneer in the field of modern histology and known for the de Galantha technique and the de Galantha stain.	Elena de Galantha	5 January 1986
date of death	Reza Mahjubi (Persian: رضا محجوبی‎), (birth date: 1898 - 14 July 1954) was a Persian (Iranian) composer and violinist.	Reza Mahjubi	14 July 1954
date of death	Christopher St Lawrence, 2nd Baron Howth ( died 1462 or 1465 ) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman.	Christopher St Lawrence, 2nd Baron Howth	1462
date of death	Xu Fancheng (Chinese: 徐梵澄) (26 October 1909 - 6 March 2000), also known as Hu Hsu in India, was a Chinese scholar and translator.	Xu Fancheng	6 March 2000
date of death	Edward Budge (1800--1865) was an English theologian, geologist, and general writer.	Edward Budge	1865
date of death	David Foggie RSA (31 December 1878 Dundee -- 2 June 1948), was a Scots painter, son of James and Margaret Foggie.	David Foggie	2 June 1948
date of death	James Williamson, 1st Baron Ashton (31 December 1842 -- 27 May 1930) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician, whose family business in Lancaster produced oilcloth and linoleum which was exported around the world.	James Williamson, 1st Baron Ashton	27 May 1930
date of death	Wilfred J. Delaney- O'Dubhshlaine (c. 1937 South Boston -- August 4, 1964 Port of Boston) was a member of the McLaughlin gang who was a friend and associate of Harold Hannon, a contract killer who had murdered boxer Tommy Sullivan in 1957.	Wilfred J. Delaney	1964
date of death	Lisa Daniely (born Mary Elizabeth Bodington; 4 June 1929 -- 24 January 2014), was a British film and television actress.	Lisa Daniely	24 January 2014
date of death	Arun Nehru (24 April 1944 -- 25 July 2013) was an Indian politician and columnist.	Arun Nehru	25 July 2013
date of death	Ebenezer Thomas Davies, known as E. T. Davies (Pontycymer, Glamorgan 1903 -- 1991) was a scholar, schoolmaster and Anglican priest in the Church in Wales.	E. T. Davies	1991
date of death	William Kreiten (21 June 1847, in Gangelt near Aachen -- 6 June 1902, at Kerkrade (Kirchrath) in Limburg) was a literary critic and poet.	William Kreiten	6 June 1902
date of death	Zhang Dongsun (张东荪; also transliterated as Chang Tung-sun) (1886--1973) was a Chinese philosopher, public intellectual and political figure.	Zhang Dongsun	1973
date of death	Maharani Datar Kaur (died 1838), the daughter of Sardar Ran Singh Nakai, the third ruler of Nakai Misl of Baherwal, was the second wife of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.	Datar Kaur	1838
date of death	Mike M. Liskany (died 1971) was an American labor leader and politician of the Democratic party.	Mike M. Liskany	1971
date of death	Charles Debbas (Arabic: شارل دباس‎) (16 April 1885 - 1935) was an Eastern Orthodox Lebanese political figure.	Charles Debbas	1935
date of death	Mohan Lal Sukhadia (31 July 1916 -- 2 February 1982) was an Indian politician, who served as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan state for 17 years (1954--1971).	Mohan Lal Sukhadia	2 February 1982
date of death	Gianni Lancia (16 November 1924 -- 30 June 2014) was an Italian former automobile engineer, industrialist and racing enthusiast, known for running the Lancia carmaker in Torino (1949--55).	Gianni Lancia	30 June 2014
date of death	John Longbotham (died 1801) was a canal engineer and pupil of John Smeaton who in 1766 suggested a Leeds and Liverpool Canal and did a survey which was approved by James Brindley.	John Longbotham	1801
date of death	Ronald William Wycherley (17 April 1940 -- 28 January 1983), better known by his stage name Billy Fury, was an English singer from the late 1950s to the mid 1960s, and remained an active songwriter until the 1980s.	Billy Fury	28 January 1983
date of death	Philip Dorn (30 September 1901 -- 9 May 1975), born Hein van der Niet and sometimes billed as Frits van Dongen, was a Dutch actor who had a career in Hollywood.	Philip Dorn	9 May 1975
date of death	Thomas Henry Ismay (7 January 1837 -- 23 November 1899) was the founder of the Oceanic Steam Navigation Company, more commonly known as the White Star Line.	Thomas Henry Ismay	23 November 1899
date of death	Mildred Jeffrey (1910--2004) was a political and social activist during the labor reforms and civil rights movements.	Mildred Jeffrey	2004
date of death	Ben Garth Mann (16 November 1915 in Brandon, Texas -- 11 September 1980) was an American baseball player who played pinch runner in the Major Leagues in 1944.	Garth Mann	11 September 1980
date of death	Klaus Rudolf Werhand (4 December 1938 -- 20 March 2009) was a German Blacksmith.	Klaus Rudolf Werhand	20 March 2009
date of death	Konrad Friedrich Bauer (9 December 1903 -- 17 March 1970) was a German type designer who, though not related to founder Johann Christian Bauer, was head of the art department for the Bauer Type Foundry from 1928 until his retirement in 1968.	Konrad Friedrich Bauer	17 March 1970
date of death	Christopher Martyn (c. 1617 -- 26 January 1678) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1646 and 1660.	Christopher Martyn	1678
date of death	Johannes Antiquus (1702 Groningen -- 1750 Groningen)) was an 18th-century Dutch painter.	Johannes Antiquus	1750
date of death	Asa Mahan (1799 -- 1889) was a U.S. Congregational clergyman and educator and the first president of Oberlin College and Adrian College.	Asa Mahan	1889
date of death	Arnald de Grey (11 September 1856 -- 15 November 1889) was an English cricketer who played one cricket match for the amateur side I Zingari in 1880.	Arnald de Grey	15 November 1889
date of death	Shridhar Venkatesh Ketkar (2 February 1884 -- 10 April 1937) was a sociologist, historian and novelist from Maharashtra, India.	Shridhar Venkatesh Ketkar	10 April 1937
date of death	Meyer Abovitz (מאיר בן ישעיהו אבוביץ; alternate spelling Meir Abowitz; born 1876 - died 1941) was a Rabbi and Rosh Yeshiva active in Mizrachi in Eastern Europe between the Two World Wars.	Meyer Abovitz	1941
date of death	Tommaso Nardini (1658 -- December 9, 1718) was an Italian priest and painter of the Baroque period, active in his native town.	Tommaso Nardini	1718
date of death	Barnet Kenyon (1850 -- 20 February 1930) was a British colliery worker, trade union official and Lib--	Barnet Kenyon	20 February 1930
date of death	Albert Ostman (circa 1893 -- 1975) was a Canadian prospector who reported that he was abducted by a Sasquatch and held captive for six days.	Albert Ostman	1975
date of death	John Roxborough (aka John Rokysburgh, died 1509) was a Master of University College, Oxford, England.	John Roxborough	1509
date of death	Henry Eeles Dresser (9 May 1838 -- 28 November 1915) was an English businessman and ornithologist.	Henry Eeles Dresser	28 November 1915
date of death	Waller Hugh Paton RSA RSW (27 July 1828 -- 8 March 1895), was a Scottish landscape artist operational in the second half of the 19th century.	Waller Hugh Paton	1895
date of death	Robert Hampden-Trevor, 1st Viscount Hampden (17 February 1706 -- 22 August 1783) was a British diplomat at The Hague and then joint Postmaster General.	Robert Hampden-Trevor, 1st Viscount Hampden	22 August 1783
date of death	The Rt Rev Samuel Heaslett (1875-1947) was an Anglican bishop.	Samuel Heaslett	1947
date of death	Dao Zheng (道證法師) (27 February 1957 -- 18 July 2003) was a Buddhist nun from Taiwan, known for her various writings and dharma talks.	Dao Zheng	18 July 2003
date of death	Johannes Kerkorrel (27 March 1960 -- 12 November 2002), born Ralph John Rabie, was a South African singer-songwriter, journalist and playwright.	Johannes Kerkorrel	12 November 2002
date of death	Viswanatha Satyanarayana (10 September 1895 -- 18 October 1976) was born to Sobhanadri and Parvathi in the year 1895 at Nandamuru,(pin 521311) Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh.	Viswanatha Satyanarayana	18 October 1976
date of death	Halvor Olsen Folkestad (28 November 1807 -- 30 September 1889) was a Norwegian temporarily appointed councillor of state in interim in 1875.	Halvor Olsen Folkestad	30 September 1889
date of death	Johann Andreas Naumann (13 April 1744 -- 15 May 1826) was a German farmer and an amateur naturalist.	Johann Andreas Naumann	15 May 1826
date of death	John Treasure (6 June 1924 -- 9 February 2004) was a leading figure in the British advertising industry in the 1960s, 70s and 80s.	John Treasure	9 February 2004
date of death	Michael Malpass (1946--1991) was a sculptor and artist best known for his spheres, which he made from found industrial objects using bandsaw and blacksmithing techniques.	Michael Malpass	1991
date of death	Projections back from dated individuals suggest that Coel Hen lived around AD 350--420, during the time of the Roman departure from Britain.	Coel Hen	420
date of death	Ann Hawkshaw (14 October 1812 -- 29 April 1885) was an English poet.	Ann Hawkshaw	29 April 1885
date of death	Gareth Forwood (14 October 1945 -- 16 October 2007) was a British actor.	Gareth Forwood	16 October 2007
date of death	W. J. Younger (1838-1920) was an American dentist who performed some of the earliest and most groundbreaking research in the field of periodontology.	W. J. Younger	1920
date of death	Charles John Frederick Lampe (1739 -- 10 September 1767) was an English composer and organist, and the son of composer John Frederick Lampe and the singer Isabella Lampe (maiden name of Young).	Charles John Frederick Lampe	10 September 1767
date of death	Wang Hong (王弘) (379--432), courtesy name Xiuyuan (休元), formally Duke Wenzhao of Huarong (華容文昭公), was a high-level official of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song.	Wang Hong	432
date of death	Ludwig Karl Martin Leonhard Albrecht Kossel (16 September 1853 -- 5 July 1927) was a German biochemist and pioneer in the study of genetics.	Albrecht Kossel	5 July 1927
date of death	Joseph Bentham (1693/94 -- 1671) was a Church of England minister at a time, roughly a century after the Breach with Rome, when aspects church doctrine were still relatively unformed.	Joseph Bentham	1671
date of death	Sir Peyton Ventris (November 1645 -- 6 April 1691) was an English judge and politician, the first surviving son of Edward Ventris (d. 1649) of the manor of Granhams in Great Shelford, Cambridgeshire, although he was born in Little Wenham, Suffolk.	Peyton Ventris	6 April 1691
date of death	Prince Leon Aleksander Sapieha (1883-1944) was a Polish military aviator, landowner, traveler, and a member of the Sejm.	Leon Aleksander Sapieha	1944
date of death	Jurjentje Aukes Rauwerda (14 December 1812, in Oentsjerk -- 3 October 1877, Amsterdam), was a Dutch prostitute and procurer.	Jurjentje Aukes Rauwerda	3 October 1877
date of death	William Vane, 1st Viscount Vane (17 February 1682 -- 20 May 1734), was a British Whig politician.	William Vane, 1st Viscount Vane	20 May 1734
date of death	Celia Winter-Irving (1941 -- 26 July 2009), was an Australian-born, Zimbabwean-based artist and art critic who wrote extensively on Zimbabwean art, especially Shona sculpture, when she lived in Harare from 1987--2008 .	Celia Winter-Irving	26 July 2009
date of death	The Oaten Hill Martyrs (also known as the ``Canterbury martyrs'') were Catholic Martyrs who were executed by hanging, drawing and quartering at Oaten Hill, Canterbury, on 1 October 1588.	Oaten Hill Martyrs	1 October 1588
date of death	Frederick David Sassoon (1 May 1853 -- 4 May 1917) was a Anglo-Jewish merchant and banker in Hong Kong and China.	Frederick David Sassoon	4 May 1917
date of death	Lipót Fejér (or Leopold Fejér, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈfɛjeːr); 9 February 1880 -- 15 October 1959) was a Hungarian born Jewish mathematician.	Lipót Fejér	15 October 1959
date of death	Martha Denny (1505 -- 9 January 1572) was an aristocratic English woman who was also a recusant and was sent to prison in 1562 for having attended mass. Her husband was Sir Wymond Carew, by whom she had 19 children, including lawyer Sir Matthew Carew.	Martha Denny	9 January 1572
date of death	Domingo Esguerra Plata (28 March 1875 -- 1965) was a Colombian lawyer who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia, Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil, and Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom.	Domingo Esguerra Plata	1965
date of death	Bartholomew Albizzi (died 1361) was an Italian Franciscan hagiographer.	Bartholomew Albizzi	1361
date of death	Titus Fulvius Iunius Macrianus (died 261), also known as Macrianus Minor, was a Roman usurper.	Macrianus Minor	261
date of death	Alida Chelli (23 October 1943 -- 14 December 2012) was an Italian actress, singer, and TV-hostess.	Alida Chelli	14 December 2012
date of death	Jurij Dalmatin (c. 1547 -- 31 August 1589) was a Slovene Lutheran minister, writer and translator.	Jurij Dalmatin	31 August 1589
date of death	Karel Ančerl (11 April 1908 -- 3 July 1973) was a Czechoslovak conductor, renowned especially for his performances of contemporary music and for his interpretations of music by Czech composers.	Karel Ančerl	3 July 1973
date of death	Ludovicus a S. Carolo (secular name Louis Jacob, Latin form Ludovicus Jacob) (20 August 1608 -- 10 March 1670) was a French Carmelite scholar, writer and bibliographer.	Ludovicus a S. Carolo	10 March 1670
date of death	Brigadier William Mackintosh, Laird of Borlum (1658--1743) usually known as Mackintosh of Borlum was a Scottish soldier and a leader of the Jacobite rising of 1715 and a member of the Clan Mackintosh.	Mackintosh of Borlum	1743
date of death	François Willi Wendt (16 November 1909 - 15 May 1970) was a French non-figurative painter of German origin belonging to the New Ecole de Paris.	François Willi Wendt	15 May 1970
date of death	Nio Joe Lan (Chinese: 梁友兰; pinyin: Liáng Yǒulán; Perfected Spelling: Nio Yu Lan; also known by the Indonesianised name Junus Nur Arif; 29 December 1904 -- 13 February 1973) was a Chinese-Indonesian writer, journalist, and history teacher.	Nio Joe Lan	13 February 1973
date of death	Eachmarcach Ó Catháin (aka Echlin O'Cahan or Ackland Kane), Irish harper and composer, 1720-1790).	Eachmarcach Ó Catháin	1790
date of death	Matthias Faber, S.J., (24 February 1586 -- 26 April 1653) was a German Jesuit priest, who gained fame as a religious writer and preacher.	Matthias Faber	26 April 1653
date of death	René Guilleré (16 August 1878 -- 24 November 1931) was a French lawyer who founded the Ateliers Primavera, which made decorative art objects.	René Guilleré	24 November 1931
date of death	Paul Alexander Bartlett (13 July 1909 -- 19 April 1990) was an American writer, artist, and poet.	Paul Alexander Bartlett	19 April 1990
date of death	Anton Furst (6 May 1944 -- 24 November 1991) was a production designer who won an Academy Award for designing the noirish nightmare version of Gotham City in Tim Burton's Batman (1989).	Anton Furst	24 November 1991
date of death	Charles Guillaume Loys de Bochat (born 11 December 1695 in Lausanne, died 4 April 1754, also in Lausanne) was an 18th-century Swiss jurist and antiquarian (Lausanne at the time was a subject territory controlled by Berne).	Charles Guillaume Loys de Bochat	4 April 1754
date of death	Herbert George Jenkins (1876 -- 8 June 1923) was a British writer and the owner of the publishing company Herbert Jenkins Ltd, which published many of P. G. Wodehouse's novels.	Herbert George Jenkins	8 June 1923
date of death	Yosef Kremerman (Hebrew: יוסף קרמרמן‎, born 1926, died 12 November 1981) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut, Gahal and Likud between 1964 and 1977.	Yosef Kremerman	12 November 1981
date of death	Sir Arthur Morse (Chinese: 摩士) (25 April 1892 - 13 May 1967) was the head of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation during and after World War II. He was a British banker born in Tipperary in Ireland.	Arthur Morse	13 May 1967
date of death	Santasilan Kadirgamar (Tamil: சாந்தசீலன் கதிர்காமர்; 11 April 1934 -- 25 July 2015; known as Silan Kadirgamar) was a Sri Lankan Tamil academic, historian and author.	Silan Kadirgamar	25 July 2015
date of death	Ernesto Calindri (5 February 1909 -- 9 June 1999) was an Italian theater and film actor.	Ernesto Calindri	9 June 1999
date of death	Clifford Travis Bean (21 August 1947 -- 10 July 2011, aged 63) was an American luthier and machinist from California.	Travis Bean	10 July 2011
date of death	Pedro Alonso Niño (also Peralonso Niño) (1468--c. 1505) was a Spanish explorer.	Pedro Alonso Niño	1505
date of death	William Leslie Cazneau (1807--1876) was a Texas pioneer and is credited with having buried the Alamo Heroes with full military honors.	William Leslie Cazneau	1876
date of death	Roger Milliot (1927, Le Creusot - 1968) was a French poet and painter.	Roger Milliot	1968
date of death	Lubi Kui (simplified Chinese: 陆费逵; traditional Chinese: 陸費逵; pinyin: Lùbì Kuí, 17 September 1886 -- 9 July 1941) was a Chinese educationist and publisher.	Lubi Kui	1941
date of death	William II of Baux (died 1239) was a son of William of Baux.	William II of Baux	1239
date of death	Raghunath Bhattacharyya (died 18 June 2013) was an Indian judge.	Raghunath Bhattacharyya	18 June 2013
date of death	Ambrozije Kapić (died 1598) served as an Archbishop of Antivari (Bar) in the late 16th century.	Ambrozije Kapić	1598
date of death	Maurice Elvey (11 November 1887 -- 28 August 1967) was the most prolific film director in British history.	Maurice Elvey	28 August 1967
date of death	English McConnell (14 May 1883 -- 13 June 1928) was an Irish footballer who played for Sunderland, Chelsea and Ireland as a wing half.	English McConnell	13 June 1928
date of death	Edward Cock (1805--1892), British surgeon, was a nephew of Sir Astley Cooper, and through him became at an early age a member of the staff of the Borough Hospital in London, where he worked in the dissecting room for 13 years.	Edward Cock	1892
date of death	Colonel Winthrop Hilton (c. 1671-1710) was the highest-ranking officer in New Hampshire through King William's War and Queen Anne's War.	Winthrop Hilton	1710
date of death	Peter Schlumbohm (July 10, 1896 -- 1962) was a German inventor, best known for creating the Chemex Coffeemaker.	Peter Schlumbohm	1962
date of death	Sir Denis William Brogan (born 11 August 1900 in Glasgow; died 5 January 1974), Scottish author and historian.	Denis William Brogan	5 January 1974
date of death	James Gillespie (c. 1747 -- 11 January 1805) was a Democratic-Republican U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1793 and 1799.	James Gillespie	11 January 1805
date of death	Xue Ju (薛舉) (died 618), formally Emperor Wu (武皇帝, ``Martial''), was the founding emperor of a short-lived state of Qin at the end of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty, whose state was eventually destroyed by Tang Dynasty.	Xue Ju	618
date of death	Arthur Leopold Busch or Du Busc (5 March 1866 -- 9 March 1956) was a British-born American naval architect responsible for the development of the United States Navy's first submarines.	Arthur Leopold Busch	9 March 1956
date of death	Pietro Ciriaci (2 December 1885 -- 30 December 1966) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as prefect of the Sacred Congregation of the Council in the Roman Curia from 1954 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1953 by Pope Pius XII.	Pietro Ciriaci	30 December 1966
date of death	Greville Verney, 8th Baron Willoughby de Broke and de jure 16th Baron Latimer (c1620-1648) was a peer in the peerage of England.	Greville Verney, 8th Baron Willoughby de Broke	1648
date of death	Morris Keith Hopkins (20 June 1934 -- 8 March 2004) was a British historian and sociologist.	Keith Hopkins	8 March 2004
date of death	Elijah Moulton (1820--1902) was a pioneer settler in Los Angeles, California, after the Mexican-American War, and became one of its wealthiest citizens.	Elijah Moulton	1902
date of death	Robert Tatton (1606 -- 19 August 1669) was the High Sheriff of Chester between 1645 and 1646.	Robert Tatton	19 August 1669
date of death	Lethlobar mac Loingsig (died 873) was a Dál nAraidi king of Ulaid, which is now Ulster, Ireland.	Lethlobar mac Loingsig	873
date of death	Sir Oliver St John, 1st Viscount Grandison (1559--1630) was an English soldier who became Lord Deputy of Ireland.	Oliver St John, 1st Viscount Grandison	1630
date of death	Gilbert Alsop (10 September 1908 -- 16 April 1992) was an English professional footballer.	Gilbert Alsop	16 April 1992
date of death	Richard Leach Maddox (4 August 1816 -- 11 May 1902) was an English photographer and physician who invented lightweight gelatin negative plates for photography in 1871.	Richard Leach Maddox	11 May 1902
date of death	Gaetano Berenstadt (7 June 1687 -- buried 9 December 1734) was an Italian alto castrato who is best remembered for his association with the composer George Frideric Handel.	Gaetano Berenstadt	9 December 1734
date of death	Jeremiah Moulton (b. York, Massachusetts (now in York, Maine), 1688, d. York, 20 July 1765) was a New England militia officer and member of the Massachusetts Council.	Jeremiah Moulton	20 July 1765
date of death	Fritz Brun (18 August 1878 -- 29 November 1959) was a Swiss conductor and composer of classical music.	Fritz Brun	29 November 1959
date of death	Maestro António Fortunato de Figueiredo (20 August 1903 -- 1981) was a famous Goan conductor and violinist.	António Fortunato de Figueiredo	1981
date of death	William Henry Brookfield (31 August 1809 -- 12 July 1874) was an Anglican priest, Inspector of Schools, and chaplain-in-ordinary to Queen Victoria.	William Henry Brookfield	12 July 1874
date of death	John Billee (fl. 1873 -- January 16, 1890) was a Creek Indian and an American outlaw of the Old West.	John Billee	1890
date of death	V. Madhavan Nair (1915--1996) more popularly known as Mali Madhavan Nair was a lawyer, journalist, sportsman, musicologist, kathakali playwright, dramatist, editor and a pioneer in radio broadcasting.	Mali Madhavan Nair	1996
date of death	Seif el-Din el-Zoubi (Hebrew: סיף א-דין א-זועבי‎, Arabic: سيف الدين الزعبي‎; 1913 -- 26 June 1986) was an Israeli-Arab politician.	Seif el-Din el-Zoubi	26 June 1986
date of death	Scott Piering (13 September 1946, Duluth, Minnesota -- 24 January 2000) was a successful and influential American-born music publicist for many British music acts, including Pulp, The KLF, The Smiths, Stereophonics, The Orb, Placebo, Underworld and The Prodigy.	Scott Piering	24 January 2000
date of death	David Wilder, Jr. (3 May 1778 -- 21 September 1866) was an American politician who served as the Treasurer and Receiver-General of Massachusetts and as the first Massachusetts Auditor.	David Wilder, Jr.	21 September 1866
date of death	Alastair Royalton-Kisch (20 January 1920 -- 21 March 1995), known professionally as Royalton Kisch, was an orchestral conductor in London from 1947 to 1964.	Royalton Kisch	21 March 1995
date of death	William Playfair (22 September 1759 -- 11 February 1823) was a Scottish engineer and political economist, the founder of graphical methods of statistics.	William Playfair	11 February 1823
date of death	Jordi Benito i Verdaguer (Granollers, 1951 - Barcelona, December 9, 2008) was a Catalan artist.	Jordi Benito	2008
date of death	Richard Beaumont-Thomas died on 14 February 1917 leaving a will of £449,285-18-9 pounds sterling.	Richard Beaumont-Thomas	1917
date of death	Lucy M. Boston (1892--1990), born Lucy Maria Wood, was an English novelist who wrote for children and adults, publishing her work entirely after the age of 60.	Lucy M. Boston	1990
date of death	Albert Alonzo Robinson (October 21, 1844 -- 1918), sometimes referred to as Albert A. Robinson or A. A. Robinson, was an American civil engineer who rose through the ranks of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to eventually become the railroad's vice president and general manager.	Albert Alonzo Robinson	1918
date of death	William Moreton (1641 -- 21 November 1715) was an English prelate in the Church of Ireland who served as the Bishop of Meath from 1705-1716.	William Moreton	1716
date of death	Major General Victor Sellheim CB, CMG (4 May 1866 -- 25 January 1928) was an Australian military officer during the Second Boer War and World War I.	Victor Sellheim	25 January 1928
date of death	Lord Colin Campbell (9 March 1853 -- 18 June 1895) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1878 to 1885.	Lord Colin Campbell	18 June 1895
date of death	Ernst Pringsheim, Sr., Ernst Pringsheim sen. (11 July 1859, Breslau - 28 June 1917, Breslau) was a German physicist.	Ernst Pringsheim, Sr.	28 June 1917
date of death	Henry Ingersoll Bowditch (1808-1892) was an American physician and a prominent Christian abolitionist.	Henry Ingersoll Bowditch	1892
date of death	Major David Graham Shillington PC(NI) (10 December 1872 -- 22 January 1944) was an Ulster Unionist politician.	David Graham Shillington	22 January 1944
date of death	Arne Løchen (20 November 1850 - 22 August 1930) was a Norwegian psychologist, philosopher and literary researcher.	Arne Løchen	22 August 1930
date of death	Anchitell Grey (c. 1624-8 July 1702) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1665 and 1695.	Anchitell Grey	8 July 1702
date of death	Sir Richard Cox, 1st Baronet PC (25 March 1650 -- 3 May 1733) was an Irish lawyer and judge.	Sir Richard Cox, 1st Baronet	3 May 1733
date of death	Sigvatr Þórðarson (Sighvatr Þórðarson, Sigvat Tordarson) or Sigvat the Skald (995-1045) was an Icelandic skald.	Sigvatr Þórðarson	1045
date of death	Harry Hanger (1886 -- 23 March 1918) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.	Harry Hanger	1918
date of death	Guelfo Zamboni (1897--1994) was an Italian diplomat who saved hundreds of Jews during the Holocaust.	Guelfo Zamboni	1994
date of death	John Alexander Jackson (1809 -- 25 May 1885) was a public servant, colonial agent in pre-Federation Australia and Treasurer of South Australia.	John Alexander Jackson	25 May 1885
date of death	Philip Hugh Padwick R.O.I & R.B.A. (1876--1958) was an English painter noted for his oil landscapes.	Philip Hugh Padwick	1958
date of death	Aslak Brekke (October 6, 1901 -- 1978) was a prominent vocalist of one of the Scandinavian poetic genres that is referred to as stev.	Aslak Brekke	1978
date of death	Maja Refsum (23 September 1897 -- 11 January 1986) was a Norwegian sculptor and teacher.	Maja Refsum	1986
date of death	Eirik Vandvik (1904-1953) was professor in literature at the university of Oslo.	Eirik Vandvik	1953
date of death	Maurice Strakosch (probably 15 January 1825 -- 9 October 1887) was an American musician and impresario of Czech origin.	Maurice Strakosch	9 October 1887
date of death	Johann Rasso Januarius Zick (6 February 1730 -- 14 November 1797) was a painter and architect.	Januarius Zick	14 November 1797
date of death	Daniel Dumaresq FRS (1712--1805) was an educational consultant to Russian and Polish monarchs Duraresq came from Trinity, Jersey in the Channel Islands.	Daniel Dumaresq	1805
date of death	Alvaro de Loyola Furtado (died 23 August 1981), was a member of the Goa assembly and a parliamentarian.	Alvaro de Loyola Furtado	23 August 1981
date of death	Mohit Chattopadhyaya (also spelled Mohit Chattopadhyay) (1 June 1934 -- 12 April 2012) was a Bengali Indian playwright, screenwriter, dramatist and poet.	Mohit Chattopadhyay	12 April 2012
date of death	Tessa Davies (1940 -- 1 June 1988) was an English set decorator.	Tessa Davies	1 June 1988
date of death	Owen Manning (1721--1801) was an English clergyman and antiquarian, known as a historian of Surrey.	Owen Manning	1801
date of death	Michal Josef Gusikov (born Yehiel-Michiel, also spelt Guzikow or Gusikow) (2 September 1806 - 21 October 1837) was a klezmer who gave the first performances of klezmer music to West European concert audiences on his 'wood and straw instrument'.	Josef Gusikov	21 October 1837
date of death	Sir Robert Williams, 9th Baronet (20 July 1764 -- 1 December 1830) was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1790 to 1830.	Sir Robert Williams, 9th Baronet	1 December 1830
date of death	William Basil Jones (1 January 1822 - 14 January 1897) was a Welsh priest and scholar who became the Bishop of St David's in 1874, holding the post until his death in 1897.	Basil Jones	14 January 1897
date of death	John Rowand (c. 1787 -- 30 May 1854) was a fur trader for the North West Company and later, the Hudson's Bay Company.	John Rowand	30 May 1854
date of death	Mathilde Nielsen (26 October, 1858 -- 11 September, 1945) was a Danish actress in the theatre and in Danish cinema.	Mathilde Nielsen	11 September, 1945
date of death	George A. Berlinghof (c. 1862--May 30, 1944) was a German-born architect who designed a number of important buildings in Lincoln and other cities in Nebraska.	George A. Berlinghof	1944
date of death	Emma Cons (4 March 1838 -- 24 July 1912) was a British social reformer, educationalist and theatre manager.	Emma Cons	24 July 1912
date of death	Şehzade Halil (probably 1346--1362) was an Ottoman prince.	Şehzade Halil	1362
date of death	Allan Belcher (2 December 1884 -- 2 July 1921) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Allan Belcher	2 July 1921
date of death	Oleg Slabynko (ca. 1962 -- 25 January 1996), a Russian, was working for Russian Television Channel 2 as a TV producer for the show ``Moment Istiny'' (Moment of Truth) in Moscow, Russia.	Oleg Slabynko	25 January 1996
date of death	Henry II of Niemodlin (Polish: Henryk II Niemodliński) (1374 -- 22 December 1394) was a Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin since 1382 until his death (with his brothers as co-rulers and only formally).	Henry II of Niemodlin	22 December 1394
date of death	Otani Nobutomo (a.k.a. Otani Shimosa no Kami Seiichiro, Otani Shintaro) (1798 - 1864) was a Japanese martial artist.	Otani Nobutomo	1864
date of death	Edward Harley, 3rd Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer (c. 1699 -- 11 April 1755, in Bath) was a British peer.	Edward Harley, 3rd Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer	11 April 1755
date of death	Leonard Colebrook FRS (2 March 1883 -- 27 September 1967) was an English physician and bacteriologist.	Leonard Colebrook	27 September 1967
date of death	Idriss Miskine (15 March 1948 -- 7 January 1984) was a Chadian politician and diplomat under Presidents Félix Malloum and Hissène Habré.	Idriss Miskine	7 January 1984
date of death	Hasan Gafoor (11 December 1950 -- 12 March 2012) was the Director General of Police of Maharashtra (Anti Corruption bureau).	Hasan Gafoor	12 March 2012
date of death	Henry St. John Thackeray (1869--30 June 1930) was a British biblical scholar at King's College, Cambridge, an expert on Koine Greek, Josephus and the Septuagint.	Henry St. John Thackeray	30 June 1930
date of death	Sir Richard Vernon, 3rd Baronet (22 June 1678 -- 1 October 1725) was a British diplomat and politician.	Sir Richard Vernon, 3rd Baronet	1 October 1725
date of death	Farrukhzad (Middle Persian: Farrūkhzādag; New Persian: فرخزاد), was an Iranian aristocrat from the House of Ispahbudhan and the founder of the Bavand dynasty, ruling from 651 to 665.	Farrukhzad	665
date of death	John George Children FRS FRSE FLS PRES (18 May 1777 -- 1 January 1852 in Halstead, Kent) was a British chemist, mineralogist and zoologist.	John George Children	1 January 1852
date of death	Tian Songyao, Tin Chung-yao, 田颂尧 (1888 - 1975), warlord of the Sichuan clique and later Kuomintang general.	Tian Songyao	1975
date of death	Thomas Richard Barker (1799--1870), was an English Independent minister and college tutor.	Thomas Richard Barker	1870
date of death	Grenfell ``Gren'' Jones MBE (13 June 1934 -- 4 January 2007) was one of Wales's best-known and longest-serving newspaper cartoonists.	Gren	4 January 2007
date of death	Carl O'Neil Little (17 December 1938 -- 6 August 2005), better known by his stage name Carlo Little, was a rock and roll drummer, based in the London nightclub scene in the 1960s.	Carlo Little	6 August 2005
date of death	Giles Heron (by 1504-August 1540) was an English politician.	Giles Heron	1540
date of death	Chungnyeol of Goryeo (3 April 1236 -- 30 July 1308) (r. 1274--1308) was the 25th ruler of the medieval Korean kingdom of Goryeo.	Chungnyeol of Goryeo	30 July 1308
date of death	Florimond Van Duyse (4 August 1843 -- 18 May 1910) was a Belgian lawyer, composer and musicologist.	Florimond Van Duyse	18 May 1910
date of death	John F. A. Sanford (1806--1857) was a frontiersman of the American west who worked with Native American tribes as an Indian agent.	John F. A. Sanford	1857
date of death	Adam Muszka (b. Piotrków Trybunalski 4 March 1914 ; d. Paris January 2005) was a Polish-French painter and sculptor, representing in his works distinctive elements of Jewish life in pre-war Poland and post-war western Europe.	Adam Muszka	January 2005
date of death	Nicolas Pineau (1684--1754) was a French carver and ornamental designer, one of the leaders who initiated the exuberant asymmetrical phase of the high Rococo.	Nicolas Pineau	1754
date of death	George Kruger Gray (25 December 1880 -- 2 May 1943) was an English artist, best remembered for his designs of coinage and stained glass windows.	George Kruger Gray	2 May 1943
date of death	George Granville Slack (11 July 1906--30 November 2003), known as Granville Slack, was a British judge and Liberal politician.	Granville Slack	30 November 2003
date of death	Albert Pissis (1852-1914) was the architect who introduced the Beaux-Arts architectural style to San Francisco, California, designing a number of important buildings in the city in the years before and after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.	Albert Pissis	1914
date of death	Jeremy Silberston (1 April 1950--9 March 2006), was an English film director.	Jeremy Silberston	9 March 2006
date of death	Marriott Edgar (1880--1951), born George Marriott Edgar in Kirkcudbright, Scotland, was a poet, scriptwriter and comedian best known for writing many of the monologues performed by Stanley Holloway, particularly the 'Albert' series.	Marriott Edgar	1951
date of death	Emma Smith DeVoe (1848--1927) was a leading Women Suffragist in the early twentieth century, changing the face of politics for both women and men alike.	Emma Smith DeVoe	1927
date of death	(Agnes) Elisabeth Lutyens, CBE (9 July 1906 -- 14 April 1983) was an English composer.	Elisabeth Lutyens	14 April 1983
date of death	John Winram (1492 -- 1582) was a 16th-century Scottish priest and ecclesiastical reformer.	John Winram	1582
date of death	George Thomson Mason (17 August 1818 -- 26 April 1846) was a United States Army Second Lieutenant killed in the Thornton Affair during the Mexican--	George Thomson Mason	26 April 1846
date of death	Carlo Lotti (30 March 1916 -- 6 March 2013) was an Italian engineer and professor for hydraulic construction.	Carlo Lotti	6 March 2013
date of death	Sir John Salusbury, 4th Baronet (died 23 May 1684) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1685.	Sir John Salusbury, 4th Baronet	23 May 1684
date of death	Robert Dunkin died, aged 70, at Penzance, 10 August 1831.	Robert Dunkin	10 August 1831
date of death	José Joaquim Champalimaud de Nussane de Sousa Lira e Castro de Barbosa (Valença, Fontoura 4 October 1771 -- Portalegre, Elvas 5 May 1825) was a Portuguese marshal.	José Joaquim Champalimaud	1825
date of death	Heinrich Eduard von Lade (24 February 1817 -- 7 August 1904) was a German banker and amateur astronomer.	Heinrich Eduard von Lade	7 August 1904
date of death	Tom Goddard (1 October 1900 -- 22 May 1966; in full Thomas William John Goddard or simply Thomas William Goddard) was the fifth highest wicket taker in first-class cricket.	Tom Goddard	22 May 1966
date of death	Lü Ju (died 256), courtesy name Shiyi (世議), was a military general of the state of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period.	Lü Ju	256
date of death	Hildebrand Gregori, O.S.B. Silv., (8 May 1894 -- 12 November 1985), was an Italian Benedictine monk, who served as the Abbot General of the Sylvestrine congregation of the Order.	Hildebrand Gregori	12 November 1985
date of death	William Humble (later William John Humble-Crofts; 9 December 1846 -- 1 July 1924) was an English clergyman and cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1873 and 1877.	William Humble	1 July 1924
date of death	Sir John Phillips Rhodes, 2nd Baronet, DSO (19 July 1884 -- 14 November 1955) was the son of Sir George Rhodes, a Justice of the Peace for Cheshire.	John Phillips Rhodes	14 November 1955
date of death	Brigadier-General Percy Robert Clifford Groves CB CMG DSO (26 May 1878 -- 12 August 1959) was a senior British air strategist who served in the British Army and the Royal Air Force.	Percy Robert Clifford Groves	12 August 1959
date of death	Pierre Dumas (died Paris, 29 February 2000) was a French doctor who pioneered drug tests in the Olympic Games and cycling.	Pierre Dumas	29 February 2000
date of death	Leonel Power (also spelled Lionel, Lyonel, Leonellus, Leonelle; Polbero; 1370 to 1385 -- 5 June 1445) was an English composer of the late Medieval and early Renaissance eras.	Leonel Power	5 June 1445
date of death	Tichborne Aston (1 November 1716 -- 4 March 1748) was an Irish politician.	Tichborne Aston	4 March 1748
date of death	Douglas Keith Carmody (16 February 1919 -- 21 October 1977) was an Australian first-class cricketer who played during the 1940s and 1950s.	Keith Carmody	21 October 1977
date of death	Ruth Haktin (Hebrew: רות הקטין‎, born 18 December 1901, died 14 July 1991) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1955 until 1959, and again from 1960 until 1969.	Ruth Haktin	14 July 1991
date of death	Lorella De Luca (17 September 1940 -- 9 January 2014) was an Italian film, television, and voice actress.	Lorella De Luca	9 January 2014
date of death	Myoma Nyein (25 January 1909 -- 15 September 1955) was a renowned Burmese musician and composer.	Myoma Nyein	15 September 1955
date of death	Reginald Gleadowe CVO (6 May 1888 -- 9 October 1944) was a British teacher and designer who was Slade Professor of Fine Art at Oxford University.	Reginald Gleadowe	9 October 1944
date of death	Clay Carr (April 17, 1919 -- April 1957) was an American rodeo cowboy who competed in the 1930s and 1940s.	Clay Carr	April 1957
date of death	George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar, KG, PC (ca. 1556 -- 20 January 1611) was, in the last decade of his life, the most prominent and most influential Scotsman in England.	George Home, 1st Earl of Dunbar	20 January 1611
date of death	Rachel Trickett (20 December 1923 -- 24 June 1999) was an English novelist, non‑fiction writer, literary scholar, and a prominent British academic; she served as Principal of St Hugh's College, Oxford for nearly twenty years, between 1973 and 1991.	Rachel Trickett	24 June 1999
date of death	Morton Birnbaum (1926 - 2005, Brooklyn) was an American lawyer and physician who advocated for the right of psychiatric patients to have adequate help, and who coined the term sanism.	Morton Birnbaum	2005
date of death	Walt Carmon (1894-1968) was a magazine editor and writer best known for his years as managing editor of the Communist magazine the New Masses from 1929 to 1932.	Walt Carmon	1968
date of death	Alexander Viets Griswold Allen, D.D. (1841--1908) was an Episcopal theologian, born at Otis, Massachusetts, United States of America.	Alexander Viets Griswold Allen	1908
date of death	Wang Kangle (Chinese: 王康乐; Pinyin: Wáng Kānglè; 1907-2006) was a Chinese painter born in Fenghua, Zhejiang province.	Wang Kangle	2006
date of death	Mabel Keyes Babcock (1862--1931) was one of America's early women landscape architects.	Mabel Keyes Babcock	1931
date of death	Ye Fashan or Yeh Fa-shan (Chinese: 葉法善; 631--720), also known as Perfect Man Ye, was a Taoist wonder-worker reportedly from the Tang dynasty.	Ye Fashan	720
date of death	Edmund Goulding (20 March 1891 -- 24 December 1959) was a British film writer and director.	Edmund Goulding	24 December 1959
date of death	George Goring, 1st Earl of Norwich (28 April 1585 -- 6 January 1663) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1628 when he was raised to the peerage.	George Goring, 1st Earl of Norwich	6 January 1663
date of death	Teddy Gardiner (9 November 1890 -- 16 September 1938) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Teddy Gardiner	16 September 1938
date of death	Charles George Nurse (1862 Barnham - 5 November 1933, Tunbridge Wells) was an English military officer, naturalist, ornithologist and entomologist.	Charles George Nurse	5 November 1933
date of death	Leo Sachs (Hebrew: ליאו זקס; ‎ 14 October 1924 -- 12 December 2013) was a German-born Israeli molecular biologist and cancer researcher.	Leo Sachs	12 December 2013
date of death	Tuoba Chuo (Chinese: 拓跋綽; pinyin: Tuòbá Chuò) (died 293), chieftain of the Tuoba 286--293.	Tuoba Chuo	293
date of death	Gerald Suster (2 August 1951 -- 3 February 2001) was a British historian, occult writer, and novelist.	Gerald Suster	3 February 2001
date of death	Karol Kot (18 December 1946 -- 16 May 1968) was a Polish serial killer.	Karol Kot	16 May 1968
date of death	Percy Morris CBE JP (6 October 1893 -- 7 March 1967) was a British railway clerk, trade unionist and politician who became Mayor of Swansea and represented the town in Parliament.	Percy Morris	7 March 1967
date of death	Sholom Rokeach (1781 -- 10 September 1855), also known as the Sar Sholom (Hebrew: שר שלום‎, ``Angel of Peace''), was the first Belzer Rebbe.	Sholom Rokeach	10 September 1855
date of death	Ralph Hopton, 1st Baron Hopton DL (March 1596 -- September 1652) was a Royalist commander in the English Civil War, appointed lieutenant-general under the Marquess of Hertford in the west at the beginning of the conflict.	Ralph Hopton, 1st Baron Hopton	September 1652
date of death	George Knox Anderson JP (1854 -- 19 March 1941) was briefly the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Canterbury.	George Knox Anderson	19 March 1941
date of death	Ihor Nadein (Ukrainian: Ігор Олександрович Надєїн; 3 March 1948 -- 25 December 2014) was a Soviet football player and a Ukrainian coach and the Merited Coach of Ukraine.	Ihor Nadein	25 December 2014
date of death	Aksel Jacobsen Bogdanoff (1922-1971), from Lille Ekkerøy, is noteworthy for two reasons.	Aksel Jacobsen Bogdanoff	1971
date of death	Karolina Proniewska ( pronunciation ) or Karolina Praniauskaitė (1828--1859) was a romantic Polish-Lithuanian poet and translator, of Samogitian extraction.	Karolina Proniewska	1859
date of death	Kazimierz Sporny died from a brain cancer on 17 May 1949.	Kazimierz Sporny	17 May 1949
date of death	Lorin Thompson, Lorin Hartwell Jr Thompson, (1911--1997), was a muralist, artist, and creator and illustrator of the character Ranger Rick for the National Wildlife Federation's children's magazine, Ranger Rick.	Lorin Thompson	1997
date of death	Juan Wallparrimachi (1793--1814) was a poet who wrote in Quechua languages.	Juan Wallparrimachi	1814
date of death	Martino della Torre (died 1263) was an Italian condottiero and statesman.	Martino della Torre	1263
date of death	Alexander McKenzie Ross (25 December 1805 -- 8 August 1862) was a British builder and engineer.	Alexander McKenzie Ross	8 August 1862
date of death	Axel Gyntersberg (c. 1525 -- 1588) was a Norwegian nobleman and feudal overlord.	Axel Gyntersberg	1588
date of death	Henry George Hoyland (January 1895 -- 29 October 1947) was a Sheffield-born portrait and figure painter.	Henry George Hoyland	29 October 1947
date of death	Gamaliel Clifton D.Can.L. (d.1541) was a Canon of Windsor from 1522 to 1541 and Dean of Hereford from 1530 - 1541.	Gamaliel Clifton	1541
date of death	William Carnsew (by 1497-1570), of Bokelly in St. Kew, Cornwall, was an English politician.	William Carnsew	1570
date of death	Sir William Wrey, 2nd Baronet (1600-1645) of Trebeigh, St Ive, Cornwall and North Russell, Sourton, Devon, was MP for Liskeard, Cornwall in 1624.	Sir William Wrey, 2nd Baronet	1645
date of death	Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (Schaumburg, 7 September 1693 -- Schaumburg, 15 April 1772), was a German prince of the House of Ascania who belonged to a cadet branch of the princely house of Anhalt-Bernburg.	Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym	1772
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel John Stoughton Dennis (19 October 1820 -- 7 July 1885) was a Canadian surveyor, militia officer, and civil servant.	John Stoughton Dennis	7 July 1885
date of death	Iqbal Haider (14 January 1945 -- 11 November 2012) was a Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and the Co-Chairperson of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (``HRCP'').	Iqbal Haider	11 November 2012
date of death	Pedro Lagos Marchant (1832 -- 18 January 1884) was a Chilean infantry commander.	Pedro Lagos	18 January 1884
date of death	Sir Edward Nicholas (4 April 1593 -- 1669) was an English office holder and politician who served as Secretary of State to Charles I and Charles II. He also sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629.	Edward Nicholas	1669
date of death	Kryštof Josef Hollandt (? - 1713) was a Moravian lawyer and professor of law at University of Olomouc in years 1695-1707, author of a commentary on the Institutes of Justinian.	Kryštof Josef Hollandt	1713
date of death	Sir Jehangir Cowasji Jehangir Readymoney, 1st Baronet, KCIE (8 June 1853 -- 26 July 1934) was a prominent member of the Bombay (today Mumbai) Parsi community.	Jehangir Cowasji Jehangir Readymoney	26 July 1934
date of death	John Noel Duckworth (25 December 1912 -- 24 November 1980), MA, TD, was a rower and Anglican priest, Canon of Accra and the first Chaplain of Churchill College.	Noel Duckworth	24 November 1980
date of death	John Leslie Foster, FRS (c. 1781 -- 10 July 1842) was an Irish barrister, judge and Tory Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom Parliament.	John Leslie Foster	1842
date of death	Elias Salupeto Pena (died 2 November 1992) served as the representative of UNITA, an anti-Communist rebel group that fought against the MPLA in the Angolan Civil War, to the Joint Military and Political Commission.	Elias Salupeto Pena	2 November 1992
date of death	Theodor Buhl (1864/1865 - 11 October 1922) was a London stamp dealer who published Stamp News, which he also edited until 1895.	Theodor Buhl	11 October 1922
date of death	Claude-Thomas Dupuy (10 December 1678 -- 15 September 1738) was from Paris, France, where he followed the family's path of upward mobility and prepared himself for a career in law.	Claude-Thomas Dupuy	15 September 1738
date of death	Professor John MacFarlane Cliff died in Haslar, Hampshire on 3 July 1972.	John MacFarlane Cliff	3 July 1972
date of death	Henry Hyde Champion (1859--1928) was a socialist journalist and activist, regarded as one of the leading spirits behind the formation of the Independent Labour Party.	Henry Hyde Champion	1928
date of death	John of Lodi (1025-1106) was an Italian hermit and bishop.	John of Lodi	1106
date of death	Ramabhadra (833--836) was a ruler of Gurjar Pratihar dynasty.	Ramabhadra	836
date of death	Maria Jane Williams (c.1795 -- 10 November 1873) was a 19th-century Welsh musician and folklorist born at Aberpergwm House, Glynneath in Glamorgan, South Wales.	Maria Jane Williams	1873
date of death	Colin Tarrant (14 June 1952 -- 26 January 2012) was an English actor best known for playing Inspector Andrew Monroe in ITV's The Bill between 1990 and 2002.	Colin Tarrant	26 January 2012
date of death	Philip Chute or Chowte (born by 1506-1567), of Horne Place, Appledore, Kent, was an English politician.	Philip Chute	1567
date of death	Sir William Parsons, 1st Baronet of Bellamont (1570--1650), was one of the Lord Justices of Ireland in 1640.	Sir William Parsons, 1st Baronet of Bellamont	1650
date of death	S. Gopalan, pen-name Gopulu (18 June 1924 -- 29 April 2015), was a Tamil illustrator and cartoonist, known for his work for the Tamil humour magazine Ananda Vikatan.	Gopulu	29 April 2015
date of death	Roy Nielsen (27 March 1916 -- 4 April 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II, a member of Milorg and involved in propaganda and sabotage.	Roy Nielsen	4 April 1945
date of death	Bernard Lens II (1659--1725) was an English engraver, pioneer of mezzotint technique, and publisher.	Bernard Lens II	1725
date of death	Sir Thomas Hatton, 1st Baronet (c1583 -- 23 September 1658) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England variously between 1621 and 1640.	Sir Thomas Hatton, 1st Baronet	23 September 1658
date of death	Gertrude Alice Meredith Williams, née Williams (c. 1877 -- 3 March 1934) was a British sculptor, painter, illustrator and stained glass designer.	Alice Meredith Williams	3 March 1934
date of death	Leo McKern, AO (born Reginald McKern, 16 March 1920 -- 23 July 2002) was an Australian actor who appeared in numerous British and Australian television programmes and films, and in more than 200 stage roles.	Leo McKern	23 July 2002
date of death	Anatoliy Trozhenkov (sometimes listed as Anatoly Troshenkov, 1930--1999) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s.	Anatoliy Trozhenkov	1999
date of death	Miodrag Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Томић; 17 May (O.S. 5 May) 1888 -- 20 February 1962) was a Serbian and Yugoslav military pilot who flew during the Balkan Wars and World War I. Tomić belonged to the first class of six Serbian pilots trained in France in 1912.	Miodrag Tomić	1962
date of death	Mór Korach or Maurizio Korach (8 February 1888 − 27 November 1975) was a Hungarian chemical engineer, founder of the technical chemistry in Hungary, a full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Mór Korach	1975
date of death	Thomas Day (22 June 1748 -- 28 September 1789) was a British author and abolitionist.	Thomas Day	28 September 1789
date of death	Marie-Étienne Nitot (Paris, 2 April 1750 -- 9 September 1809) was a French jeweller, official jeweller to the Emperor Napoleon, and founder of the House of Chaumet.	Marie-Étienne Nitot	9 September 1809
date of death	Henry Howard, 7th Duke of Norfolk, KG PC Earl Marshal (11 January 1655 -- 2 April 1701) was a politician and soldier.	Henry Howard, 7th Duke of Norfolk	2 April 1701
date of death	Frank Gibson Costello (1903--1987) was an architect in Australia, including many years with the Brisbane City Council.	Frank Gibson Costello	1987
date of death	João Teixeira Soares de Sousa (12 September 1827 -- 1 February 1875) was an Azorean entrepreneur, politician and investigator of Azorean history, anthropology, and ethnography.	João Teixeira Soares de Sousa	1 February 1875
date of death	Tore Sinding (Stavern, 1903 -- Solbukta, Frogn, 1969) was a Norwegian pianist and composer.	Tore Sinding	1969
date of death	Madeleine Masson (Madeleine Masson Rayner; 23 April 1912 -- 23 August 2007) was a South African-born English-language author of plays, film scripts, novels, memoirs and biographies.	Madeleine Masson	23 August 2007
date of death	Daniel Alexander Payne Murray (1852-1925) was an assistant librarian at the Library of Congress; a bibliographer, author, politician, and historian.	Daniel Alexander Payne Murray	1925
date of death	Laurie Cahill (22 September 1912 - 6 December 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Laurie Cahill	6 December 1974
date of death	Aage Thaarup (1906--1987) was a Danish-born milliner who ran a celebrated hatmaking business in London between the 1930s and 1970s.	Aage Thaarup	1987
date of death	Raymond E. Page (1895--1992) was a Southern California-based landscape architect, best known for his work at Pickford, the Beverly Hills home of Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks.	Raymond E. Page	1992
date of death	Domenico Meccoli (4 January 1913 -- 21 November 1983) was an Italian film critic, journalist, screenwriter and occasional actor.	Domenico Meccoli	21 November 1983
date of death	Simeon ten Holt (24 January 1923 -- 25 November 2012) was a Dutch contemporary classical composer.	Simeon ten Holt	25 November 2012
date of death	Alan Steen (1922 -- 26 August 2012) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger, active between 1939 and 1952.	Alan Steen	26 August 2012
date of death	Dr.Gopinath Panigrahi (27 February 1924 to 23 December 2004) Botanist,Ph.D. (University of Leeds), FBS, FLS (London), FIFS, FAST, the renowned plant taxonomist expert par excellence and an authority on botanical nomenclature in a lifetime devoted to Botany.	Gopinath Panigrahi	23 December 2004
date of death	William Crofts, 1st Baron Crofts (c.1611--1677) was an English baron and Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Charles II.	William Crofts, 1st Baron Crofts	1677
date of death	Sir Henry Wellwood-Moncreiff, 10th Baronet DD, originally Henry Moncrieff (1809--1883) was a Scottish minister, considered one of the most influential figures in the Free Church of Scotland in his time.	Sir Henry Wellwood-Moncreiff, 10th Baronet	1883
date of death	Ron Marshall (26 November 1915 -- 2 November 2001) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ron Marshall	2 November 2001
date of death	Frederik Bos (28 May 1866, Usselo, Overijssel - 11 June 1931, Twekkelo) was a Dutch politician.	Frederik Bos	11 June 1931
date of death	Christian Heinrich Bünger (11 October 1782 -- 8 December 1842) was professor of anatomy and was the first surgeon to introduce rhinoplasty.	Christian Heinrich Bünger	8 December 1842
date of death	Cadwallader Owen (c. 1562 -- 1617) was a Welsh Church of England clergyman, debater and writer.	Cadwallader Owen	1617
date of death	Cornelia Frances Jefferson (née Cornelia Frances Thomas; 1 Oct 1796, New York -- 24 October 1848 Philadelphia) was a famous early-American singer and prolific comic actress.	Cornelia Frances Jefferson	24 October 1848
date of death	Niall mac Cailein (died 1316), also known as Sir Neil Campbell, was a nobleman and warrior who spent his life in the service of King Robert I of Scotland, His Gaelic name means ``Niall, Colin's son'' since he was the son of Cailean Mór.	Niall mac Cailein	1316
date of death	Dankvart Dreyer (13 June 1816 -- 4 November 1852) was a Danish landscape painter of the Copenhagen School of painters who was educated under the guidance of Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg.	Dankvart Dreyer	4 November 1852
date of death	Chea Sim (Khmer: ជា សីុម; 15 November 1932 -- 8 June 2015) was a Cambodian politician.	Chea Sim	8 June 2015
date of death	Barone Berlinghieri (fl. 1228--1282) was an Italian painter.	Barone Berlinghieri	1282
date of death	Frederick Mason Brewer CBE FRIC (1903 -- 11 February 1963) was an English chemist.	Frederick Mason Brewer	11 February 1963
date of death	Melvin Mooney (1893--1968) was an American physicist and rheologist.	Melvin Mooney	1968
date of death	Sydney Richard Ubee, AFC, CB, (1903--1998), Air Vice-Marshal.	Sydney Richard Ubee	1998
date of death	John Horsefield (18 July 1792 -- 6 March 1854) was an English handloom weaver and amateur botanist after whom the daffodil Narcissus 'Horsfieldii' is named.	John Horsefield	6 March 1854
date of death	Æthelstan or Athelstan (Old English: Æþelstan, Æðelstān, meaning ``noble stone''; c. 894 -- 27 October 939) was King of the Anglo-Saxons from 924 to 927 and King of the English from 927 to 939.	Æthelstan	27 October 939
date of death	Fleming Lee (1933--2013), born Fleming Lee Blitch, was an American author, best known for his collaborations with Leslie Charteris on his series of ``Saint'' novels.	Fleming Lee	2013
date of death	Fu An (Chinese:傅安 fl. 1385--1429) was a Supervising Censor, who was dispatched in 1385 with two other Censors and a eunuch named Liu Wei, to open communications with the nations of Central Asia.	Fu An	1429
date of death	Håkon Meyer (11 March 1896 -- 23 October 1989) was a Norwegian politician, trade unionist and businessperson.	Håkon Meyer	23 October 1989
date of death	Nellie Stockbridge (ca. 1868 -- May 22, 1965) was an early Idaho frontier mining district photographer.	Nellie Stockbridge	1965
date of death	Branko Ružić (4 March 1919 -- 27 November 1997) was a prominent Croatian painter, sculptor and professor at the Academy of fine arts, Zagreb.	Branko Ružić	27 November 1997
date of death	Walter Spies (15 September 1895 -- 19 January 1942) was a Russian-born German primitivist painter.	Walter Spies	19 January 1942
date of death	Peter Scawen Watkinson Roberts VC, DSC (28 July 1917 -- 8 December 1979) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Peter Scawen Watkinson Roberts	8 December 1979
date of death	James Negus (22 February 1927 -- 22 February 2008) was a British philatelist and book editor.	James Negus	22 February 2008
date of death	Octavius Oakley RWS (27 April 1800, in Bermondsey -- 1 March 1867, in London), was an English watercolour portrait, figure and landscape artist.	Octavius Oakley	1 March 1867
date of death	Martin Dumollard (22 June 1810 − 8 March 1862) was a French serial killer condemned to the guillotine after having been arrested and charged with the deaths of maids from 1855 to 1861.	Martin Dumollard	8 March 1862
date of death	Feliks Oraczewski of Szreniawa coat of arms (14 January 1739 in Przybysławice -- 12 August 1799 in Vienna) was a Polish writer, educational and political activist.	Feliks Oraczewski	12 August 1799
date of death	Bartolomeo Pagano (27 September 1878 - 24 June 1947) was an Italian motion picture actor.	Bartolomeo Pagano	24 June 1947
date of death	Witold Rodziński (5 October 1918 -- 18 December 1997) was a Polish historian, sinologist and diplomat.	Witold Rodziński	18 December 1997
date of death	Reverend Geoffrey Lowrey Speak (史璧琦牧師) OBE (6 October 1924 -- 13 March 2000) was a British teacher and educationist to Hong Kong.	Geoffrey Lowrey Speak	13 March 2000
date of death	Famed locally for his philanthropy, he died on 10 September 1579, leaving money in his will to establish the Richard Watts Charity and Six Poor Travellers House in Rochester High Street.	Richard Watts	10 September 1579
date of death	John Hawley Edwards (21 March 1850 -- 14 January 1893) was an English footballer who made one appearance for England in 1874, before going on to play for Wales in 1876.	John Hawley Edwards	14 January 1893
date of death	Karl Ludwig Hencke (8 April 1793 -- 21 September 1866) was a German amateur astronomer.	Karl Ludwig Hencke	21 September 1866
date of death	Pathani Samanta (/pəthɑːnɪ sɑːməntə/; Odia: ପଠାଣି ସାମନ୍ତ born Samanta Chandra Sekhar Harichandan Mahapatra; 13 December 1835 - 11 June 1904) was an Indian astrologer and scholar who measured the distance from earth with a bamboo pipe and many other traditional instruments that he built.	Pathani Samanta	11 June 1904
date of death	Nancy Burne (23 December 1907, Chorlton, Lancashire -- 25 March 1954) was an English stage and film actress.	Nancy Burne	25 March 1954
date of death	Huangfu Bo (皇甫鎛) (died 820) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xianzong.	Huangfu Bo	820
date of death	Stanisława Walasiewicz, also known as Stefania Walasiewicz, Stanisława Walasiewiczówna (see Polish name) and Stella Walsh (3 April 1911 -- 4 December 1980) was a Polish track and field athlete, who became a women's Olympic champion in the 100 metres.	Stanisława Walasiewicz	4 December 1980
date of death	Ferguson Findley (1910--1963) was the pseudonym of Charles Weiser Frey.	Ferguson Findley	1963
date of death	Rajani Palme Dutt (19 June 1896 -- 20 December 1974), best known as R. Palme Dutt, was a leading journalist and theoretician in the Communist Party of Great Britain.	Rajani Palme Dutt	1974
date of death	Baron Fredrik Wilhelm Carpelan (1778--1829), from the Carpelan family, was a Swedish baron and official.	Wilhelm Carpelan	1829
date of death	Sir Richard Everard, 2nd Baronet (1625 - 29 August 1694) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679.	Sir Richard Everard, 2nd Baronet	29 August 1694
date of death	Pierre Barbotin (29 September 1926 -- 19 February 2009) was a French racing cyclist, riding professionally from about 1948 to 1961.	Pierre Barbotin	19 February 2009
date of death	Ivan Briukhovetsky (Ukrainian: Іван Брюховецький, Polish: Iwan Brzuchowiecki) (died 18 June 1668) was a pro-Russian hetman of Left-Bank Ukraine from 1663 to 1668.	Ivan Briukhovetsky	18 June 1668
date of death	Julia Ettie Crane (May 19, 1855 -- 1923), also known as Julia Etta Crane, was an American music educator, and the first person to set up a school, the Crane School of Music, specifically for the training of public school music teachers.	Julia Ettie Crane	1923
date of death	John Hyslop Bell (c. 1833-1920) was a Scottish journalist, newspaper owner and editor.	John Hyslop Bell	1920
date of death	John Sheppey (c. 1300 -- 19 October 1360) was an English administrator and bishop.	John Sheppey	19 October 1360
date of death	Mary Hocking (8 April 1921 - 17 February 2014) was a British writer who published 24 novels between 1961 and 1996.	Mary Hocking	17 February 2014
date of death	Ali ibn Babawayh Qummi (died 939) was a Twelver Shi'a scholar from the time of the Ghaybat al-Sughra.	Ali ibn Babawayh Qummi	939
date of death	Sir Patrick Hennessy (18 April 1898 -- 13 March 1981) was an Irish-born British industrialist, originally from County Cork.	Patrick Hennessy	13 March 1981
date of death	Alfredo del Diestro (1885--1951) was Chilean actor and film director.	Alfredo del Diestro	1951
date of death	Manasses V, Count of Rethel (died 1272) was the youngest son of Count Hugh II and his wife, Felicitas of Broyes.	Manasses V, Count of Rethel	1272
date of death	Hákun Djurhuus (11 December 1908 -- 22 September 1987) was the prime minister of the Faroe Islands from 1963-1967.	Hákun Djurhuus	22 September 1987
date of death	Vaughan Murray Griffin (1903--1992) was an Australian print maker and painter.	Murray Griffin	1992
date of death	Anne Parsons, Countess of Rosse (née Messel, previously Armstrong-Jones; 8 February 1902 - 3 July 1992) was a society hostess and one of the founders of The Victorian Society and the mother of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon.	Anne Parsons, Countess of Rosse	3 July 1992
date of death	Edmund Flagg (1815--1890) was an American writer, lawyer, and diplomat.	Edmund Flagg	1890
date of death	Gofraid mac Sitriuc (died 951), in Old Norse Guðrøðr Sigtryggsson, was King of Dublin.	Gofraid mac Sitriuc	951
date of death	François Sébastien Letourneux (1752--1814) was a French lawyer and politician who was Minister of the Interior under the Directory.	François Sébastien Letourneux	1814
date of death	Joan Fitzgerald, Countess of Ormond, Countess of Desmond (ca. 1509 or ca. 1514 -- 2 January 1565) was a Norman-Irish noblewoman and heiress, a member of the Fitzgerald family, who were also known as the ``Geraldines''.	Joan Fitzgerald, Countess of Ormond	2 January 1565
date of death	Georges Burou (1910--1987) was a French gynecologist who managed a clinic in Casablanca, Morocco and is widely credited with innovating modern sex reassignment surgery for trans women.	Georges Burou	1987
date of death	Michael Arne (1740 or 1741 -- 14 January 1786) was an English composer, harpsichordist, organist, singer, and actor.	Michael Arne	14 January 1786
date of death	Palmer Williams (died Jan. 1, 1996) was an American broadcast journalist and documentary film maker.	Palmer Williams	1996
date of death	Sydney George Hulme Beaman, born in 1887 and who died 4 February 1932, was an author & illustrator best known as the creator of the Toytown stories and their characters including Larry the Lamb.	Sydney George Hulme Beaman	4 February 1932
date of death	Louise Dickinson Rich (14 June 1903 -- 9 April 1991) was a writer known for fiction and non-fiction works about the New England region of the United States, particularly Massachusetts and Maine.	Louise Dickinson Rich	9 April 1991
date of death	Alois Wotawa (11 June 1896 -- 12 April 1970) was an Austrian composer of chess problems and endgame studies.	Alois Wotawa	12 April 1970
date of death	Jaya Prakash Malla (Nepali: जयप्रकाश मल्ल) (died 1768) was the last king of Yen (यें) or Kantipur (कान्तिपुर) which corresponds to present day Kathmandu.	Jaya Prakash Malla	1768
date of death	Li Baoyu (李抱玉) (703 -- April 15, 777), né An Chongzhang (安重璋), known for some time as An Baoyu (安抱玉), formally Duke Zhaowu of Liang (涼昭武公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Li Baoyu	777
date of death	Don Branigan (1933--1999) was a Canadian politician and medical doctor, best known as a former mayor of Whitehorse, Yukon.	Don Branigan	1999
date of death	Joaquín Ascaso Budria (Zaragoza, c. 1906/1907 -- Caracas, March 1977) was an anarcho syndicalist and President of the Regional Defence Council of Aragon between 1936 and 1937.	Joaquín Ascaso Budria	March 1977
date of death	John de Pembroke (died 1365) was a Welsh-born judge who held several senior offices in Ireland, including that of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.	John de Pembroke	1365
date of death	Zhao Xinchu (Chinese: 赵辛初) (1915--1991), birth name Shuai Qitai (Chinese: 帅启汰) or Shuai Yinghai (Chinese: 帅英孩), courtesy name Qitai (Chinese: 启泰), was a Chinese politician, born in Huangmei County, Hubei Province.	Zhao Xinchu	1991
date of death	Cecil Frances Alexander (April 1818 -- 12 October 1895), was a hymn-writer and poet.	Cecil Frances Alexander	12 October 1895
date of death	Friedrich August von Klinkowström (31 August 1778 -- 4 April 1835) was a German artist, author and teacher from an old Pomeranian noble family.	Friedrich August von Klinkowström	4 April 1835
date of death	Christian Vater (11 October 1679 -- 25 January 1756) was a German organ and harpsichord builder.	Christian Vater	25 January 1756
date of death	George W. Drum (October 3, 1925--December 16, 1997) was an early leader in automobile club circles, and the first director of the Crosley Car Owners Club in 1952.	George W. Drum	1997
date of death	Leif Rustad (30 October 1903 -- 17 June 1976) was a Norwegian cellist and radio pioneer.	Leif Rustad	1976
date of death	Thomas Lipson, R.N. (ca.1784 -- 25 October 1863) generally known as Captain Lipson was born in Dartmouth, England.	Thomas Lipson	1863
date of death	Yolanda Mérida (20 August 1929 -- 11 April 2012) was a Mexican actress known for her work in theater and television.	Yolanda Mérida	11 April 2012
date of death	Ștefan Bârsănescu (28 March 1895--5 November 1984) was a Romanian academician and educator who gained renown as an essayist and philosopher.	Ștefan Bârsănescu	5 November 1984
date of death	Johann Freiherr von Appel (also Baron Johann von Appel), (1826 -- 1906) was an Austrian administrator.	Johann von Appel	1906
date of death	Gerd Aretz (born 18 February 1930, died 5 July 2009) was a German artist.	Gerd Aretz	5 July 2009
date of death	George Leeman (August 1809 -- 25 February 1882) was a lawyer, railwayman and a Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for the City of York in the nineteenth century.	George Leeman	25 February 1882
date of death	Alfonso de Bourbon Sampedro (born Leon Shafferman; 22 October 1932 -- 10 January 2012), known as The Count, was a Swiss-American eccentric who claimed to be a descendant of the Spanish Royal Family and a first cousin of King Juan Carlos.	Alfonso de Bourbon	10 January 2012
date of death	Andrew Melville (1 August 1545 -- 1622) was a Scottish scholar, theologian and religious reformer.	Andrew Melville	1622
date of death	Alexander Grinberg (Александр Данилович Гринберг, Aleksandr Danilovich Grinberg) (1885--1979) was a Russian and Soviet photographer.	Alexander Grinberg	1979
date of death	Monroe Berkowitz (1919--2009) was Professor of Economics at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, New Jersey, where he was chair for many years, and director of the Bureau of Economic Research.	Monroe Berkowitz	2009
date of death	Colonel John Suther Williamson CB (ca. 1775--26 April 1836) was a British Army officer who served in the Royal Artillery during the Napoleonic Wars.	John Suther Williamson	26 April 1836
date of death	Reverend Thomas Kingsmill Abbott (26 March 1829 -- 18 December 1913) was an Irish scholar and educator.	Thomas Kingsmill Abbott	18 December 1913
date of death	Publius Licinius Cornelius Saloninus Valerianus (c. 242 -- 260) was Roman Emperor in 260.	Saloninus	260
date of death	Galal Amer (Arabic: جلال عامر‎; 23 July 1952 -- 12 February 2012) was an Egyptian journalist, well known for his sarcasm and sense of humor.	Galal Amer	12 February 2012
date of death	Wilson Barrett (born William Henry Barrett; 18 February 1846 -- 22 September 1904) was an English manager, actor, and playwright.	Wilson Barrett	22 September 1904
date of death	Helgi Jónsson (11 April 1867, Rangárvallasýsla - 1925) was an Icelandic botanist and phycologist.	Helgi Jónsson	1925
date of death	Mario Visintini, MOVM, (26 April 1913 -- 11 February 1941), was the first Regia Aeronautica ace of World War II. In recognition of his flying skill and meticulousness, Visintini was nicknamed cacciatore scientifico (scientific fighter pilot).	Mario Visintini	11 February 1941
date of death	Doug Munro (7 February 1917 -- 18 September 1989) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Doug Munro	18 September 1989
date of death	George Bull (25 March 1634 -- 17 February 1710) was an English theologian and Bishop of St David's.	George Bull	17 February 1710
date of death	Camille Gutt (14 November 1884 -- 7 June 1971), born Camille Guttenstein, was a Belgian economist, politician, and industrialist.	Camille Gutt	7 June 1971
date of death	Countess Johanna Magdalene of Hanau-Lichtenberg (18 December 1660, Bischofsheim am Hohen Steg -- 21 August 1715, Hanau) was a daughter of Johann Reinhard II of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1628--1666) and the Countess Palatine Anna Magdalena of Birkenfeld-Bischweiler (1640--1693).	Countess Johanna Magdalene of Hanau-Lichtenberg	21 August 1715
date of death	Wilhelm August Graah (1793--1863) was a Danish naval officer and Arctic explorer.	Wilhelm August Graah	1863
date of death	Anthony Freston, né Brettingham (1757--1819) was an English Anglican clergyman.	Anthony Freston	1819
date of death	Fazal Mahmood (Urdu: فضل محمود‎), (18 February 1927 -- 30 May 2005) was a Pakistani cricketer, regarded as the finest pace bowler of his country's early years.	Fazal Mahmood	30 May 2005
date of death	Michael Darbyshire (15 October 1917 -- 20 November 1979) was an English television actor most famous for his portrayal of Hubert Davenport, the Victorian ghost in the long-running BBC TV children's comedy series Rentaghost.	Michael Darbyshire	20 November 1979
date of death	Hugh of Champlitte (died 1209) was the nephew of William of Champlitte, the first Prince of Achaea.	Hugh of Champlitte	1209
date of death	Karelius August Arntzen (10 November 1802 -- 1876) was a Norwegian jurist, civil servant and politician.	Karelius August Arntzen	1876
date of death	István Thomán (Hungarian: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈtomaːn); 4 November 1862 -- 22 September 1940) was a Hungarian piano virtuoso and music educator.	István Thomán	22 September 1940
date of death	Edward Grainger (1797--1824) was an English teacher of anatomy, and dresser to Sir Astley Cooper.	Edward Grainger	1824
date of death	Pandit Wamanrao Sadolikar (16 September 1907 -- 25 March 1991) was a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Jaipur-Atrauli Gharana founded by his guru, Utd.	Wamanrao Sadolikar	25 March 1991
date of death	Franz Bardon (1 December 1909 -- 10 July 1958) was a Czech occultist and student and teacher of Hermetics.	Franz Bardon	10 July 1958
date of death	Friedrich Seyler (13 December 1642 -- 31 January 1708), also spelled Friedrich Seiler, was a Swiss Reformed (i.e. Calvinist) pastor and theologian from Basel, noted for his work Anabaptista Larvatus on Anabaptism.	Friedrich Seyler	31 January 1708
date of death	Herb Louch (4 January 1875 -- 29 August 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Herb Louch	29 August 1936
date of death	Charles Valentine Le Grice (1773--1858) was an Anglican priest, an associate of Charles Lamb and Samuel Taylor Coleridge, a squib writer, and a translator of Longus.	Charles Valentine Le Grice	1858
date of death	James Thurbarne (1607--1688) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1679.	James Thurbarne	1688
date of death	Ernest J. Kump, Jr. (December 29, 1911 -- November 4, 1999), was an American architect, author, and inventor based in Palo Alto, California.	Ernest J. Kump	1999
date of death	Sir Maurice Denys (1516--1563) of St John's Street, Clerkenwell, London and Siston Court, Gloucestershire, was an English lawyer in London and a property speculator during the Dissolution of the Monasteries, during which period he served as a ``powerful figure at the Court of Augmentations''.	Maurice Denys	1563
date of death	Dame Alice Josephine Mary Taylor Barnes, DBE (18 August 1912 -- 28 December 1999), known professionally as Dr. Josephine Barnes, was a leading obstetrician and gynaecologist.	Josephine Barnes	28 December 1999
date of death	Richard Gwent (died 1543), was the archdeacon of London.	Richard Gwent	1543
date of death	François van Campenhout (5 February 1779 -- 24 April 1848) was a Belgian opera singer, conductor and composer.	François van Campenhout	24 April 1848
date of death	Pierre Laporte (25 February 1921 -- 17 October 1970) was a Canadian lawyer, journalist and politician who was the Deputy Premier and Minister of Labour of the province of Quebec before being kidnapped and assassinated by members of the group Front de libération du Québec (FLQ) during the October Crisis.	Pierre Laporte	17 October 1970
date of death	Jack Chanin (1907--1997) was a performer, demonstrator, manufacturer, creator, and magic shop owner.	Jack Chanin	1997
date of death	SS-Gruppenführer Fritz Katzmann or Friedrich Katzmann (6 May 1906 -- 19 September 1957) was a Nazi German Major General and Polizei leader who perpetrated genocide in Katowice, Radom, Lemberg (Lwów), Danzig (Gdańsk), and across the Nazi German District of Galicia during the Holocaust in occupied Poland.	Fritz Katzmann	19 September 1957
date of death	Mullamangalath Raman Bhattathiripad (1908--2001), commonly known as M. R. Bhattathiripad or MRB, was a social reformer, cultural leader and a Malayalam writer.	M. R. Bhattathiripad	2001
date of death	Domenico Bellizzi (1918-1989), also known under the pseudonym of Vorea Ujko, is among the most popular and respected of the Arbëresh poets.	Domenico Bellizzi	1989
date of death	John Francis Neylan (November 6, 1885 - August 19, 1960) was an American lawyer, journalist, political and educational figure.	John Francis Neylan	1960
date of death	Derek Richter (14 January 1907 -- 15 December 1995), English neuroscientist, was one of the founding fathers of the science of brain chemistry.	Derek Richter	15 December 1995
date of death	Jakob Edelstein (AKA Yacov, Yaakov, Jakub Edelstein or Edlstein), (Horodenka (Galicia), 25 July 1903 -- 20 June 1944 Auschwitz) was a Czechoslovakian Zionist, social democrat and the first Jewish Elder in the Theresienstadt ghetto	Jakob Edelstein	20 June 1944
date of death	Tahir Tewfiq (Kurdish: تایەر تۆفیق‎, Arabic: طاهر توفیق‎, also Tayer Tofiq) (1922--1987) was a popular Kurdish musician and singer.	Tahir Tewfiq	1987
date of death	Diego Fernández de Cáceres y Ovando (-- Monleón, aft. February 2, 1487) was a Spanish military and nobleman.	Diego Fernández de Cáceres y Ovando	1487
date of death	Sir Howard Elphinstone, 2nd Baronet (9 June 1804 -- 16 March 1893) was a British Whig politician He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Hastings at the 1835 general election, having unsuccessfully contested the seat in 1832.	Sir Howard Elphinstone, 2nd Baronet	16 March 1893
date of death	Arthur Fleischmann (born 1896, Bratislava; d. 2 March 1990, Tenerife) was a Slovak-born, London-based sculptor, who pioneered the use of Perspex in sculpture.	Arthur Fleischmann	2 March 1990
date of death	Jeanne Weber (7 October 1874 -- 5 July 1918) was a French serial killer.	Jeanne Weber	5 July 1918
date of death	Giuseppe Filippo Liberati Marchi (1735 -- 2 April 1808) was an Italian-English painter and engraver.	Giuseppe Filippo Liberati Marchi	2 April 1808
date of death	Thomas Davison (1794 - 1826) was a British radical journalist and printer-publisher of a series of journals, including Medusa, the London Alfred, the Deist's Magazine, as well as the James Griffin-edited Cap of Liberty and the Robert Shorter-edited Theological Comet.	Thomas Davison	1826
date of death	Richard Harding Watt (1842--1913) was an English designer who worked with four professional architects to create large houses and associated buildings in the town of Knutsford, Cheshire.	Richard Harding Watt	1913
date of death	Anna Juliana Gonzaga, O.S.M., (16 November 1566 -- 3 August 1621) was an Archduchess of Austria who became a Religious Sister of the Servite Order after the death of her husband, the Archduke Ferdinand II of Austria.	Anna Juliana Gonzaga	3 August 1621
date of death	Ivan Belostenec (born in Varaždin, ca. 1594 - Lepoglava, died 2 February 1675) was a Croatian linguist and lexicographer.	Ivan Belostenec	1675
date of death	June Ravenhall (1901--1984) is one of the British Heroes of the Holocaust.	June Ravenhall	1984
date of death	Thomas Prothero (or Protheroe) (1780--1853) was a Welsh lawyer and businessman, known as an opponent of John Frost and a mine owner.	Thomas Prothero	1853
date of death	Gilbert Basset (died 1241) was an English baronial leader during the reign of King Henry III.	Gilbert Basset	1241
date of death	Henry Heyward Isham (4 November 1926 - 18 June 2009), was a negotiator who played an important role in the talks with North Vietnam that led to the Peace accord of 1973.	Heyward Isham	18 June 2009
date of death	John E. Hamm, M.D. (31 May 1776, in Kent Co., near Dover, Delaware -- 22 March 1864, in Zanesville, Muskingum Co., Ohio) was an American US Army colonel, doctor and politician, diplomat, industrialist, and Marshall of the State of Ohio during the War of 1812.	John E. Hamm	1864
date of death	Salimuzzaman Siddiqui (Urdu: سلیم الزّماں صدّیقی‎ (səˈliːmʊzzəmɑːn sɪˈd̪d̪iːqi); 19 October 1897 -- 14 April 1994), HI, MBE, SI, DPhil, FPAS, FRS, was a Pakistani organic chemist, versatile scholar, and a leading scientist in the natural product chemistry.	Salimuzzaman Siddiqui	14 April 1994
date of death	Luis Martínez Griñán (16 February 1917 -- 17 September 1990), better known as Lilí Martínez, was a Cuban pianist, arranger and composer specializing in the son montuno style.	Lilí Martínez	17 September 1990
date of death	Balthasar Coyett (c.1650 Fort Zeelandia (Taiwan) -- 19 September 1725, Batavia, Dutch East Indies) was a Dutch-Swedish official in the Dutch East India Company, serving from 1701 to 1706 as the Governor of Ambon.	Balthasar Coyett	19 September 1725
date of death	Giovanni Andrea Tria (22 July 1676 -- 16 January 1761), was an Italian bishop, diplomat and historian.	Giovanni Andrea Tria	16 January 1761
date of death	Maurice McCrackin (1905--1997) was an American civil rights and peace activist, tax resister and Presbyterian minister.	Maurice McCrackin	1997
date of death	Michel Boudart (born 18 June 1924 in Brussels, Belgium; died 2 May 2012) PhD was the William M. Keck Sr. Professor of Chemical Engineering Emeritus at Stanford University.	Michel Boudart	2 May 2012
date of death	Matthew Talbot Baines QC, DL (17 February 1799 -- 22 January 1860) was a British lawyer and Liberal politician.	Matthew Talbot Baines	22 January 1860
date of death	Andrianjaka reigned over the Kingdom of Imerina in the central highlands region of Madagascar from around 1612 to 1630.	Andrianjaka	1630
date of death	Izidor Cankar (22 April 1886 -- 22 September 1958) was a Slovenian author, art historian, diplomat, journalist, translator, and liberal conservative politician.	Izidor Cankar	22 September 1958
date of death	John Clifford Heed (1862--1908) was an American composer and musician, best known for composing over 60 marches.	John Clifford Heed	1908
date of death	Benno Vigny (28 October 1889 -- 31 October 1965) was a French-German novelist and screenwriter.	Benno Vigny	31 October 1965
date of death	Henry Otis Dwight, LL.D. (June 3, 1843 -- June 19, 1917), was an American missionary and author.	Henry Otis Dwight	1917
date of death	Carleton Wiggins NA (1848--1932) was an American landscape and cattle painter.	Carleton Wiggins	1932
date of death	Ron Kingston (10 October 1931 -- 15 March 1997) was an Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ron Kingston	15 March 1997
date of death	Miguel Caldera (1548--1597) was an important figure in the pacification and colonization of Mexico's northern frontier immediately following the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire.	Miguel Caldera	1597
date of death	John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald (died 1589) was the hereditary Seneschal of Imokilly (Imokilly is the area around Youghal, both words deriving from Eochaill, meaning a yew wood), an Irish nobleman of the originally Welsh-Norman FitzGerald dynasty in the province of Munster.	John Fitzedmund Fitzgerald	1589
date of death	Colonel Sir Joseph West Ridgeway GCB GCMG KCSI PC (Ire) (16 May 1844 -- 16 April 1930) was a British civil servant and colonial governor.	Joseph West Ridgeway	16 April 1930
date of death	Lord James Beauclerk (c. 1709 -- 20 October 1787) was an Anglican clergyman who served as the Bishop of Hereford from 1746 to 1787.	Lord James Beauclerk	20 October 1787
date of death	Albert G. Richards (1917-2008) was a photographer and dental scientist.	Albert G. Richards	2008
date of death	Timothy Priestley (19 June 1734 -- 23 April 1814) was an English Independent minister.	Timothy Priestley	23 April 1814
date of death	Giani Gurdit Singh (24 February 1923 -- 17 January 2007) was born in Mithewal village (Sangrur district) in the state of Punjab, India.	Giani Gurdit Singh	17 January 2007
date of death	Inamullah Khan (1912--1997) was a Muslim activist who symbolised the World Muslim Congress, Al-Motamar al-Alam al-Islami, for almost four and half decades.	Inamullah Khan	1997
date of death	Mary Rosse, Countess of Rosse (née Mary Field) (1813-1885), was a British amateur astronomer and pioneering photographer.	Mary Rosse	1885
date of death	Henri Admirat (3 September 1744 -- 17 June 1794) was a notable figure in the French Revolution.	Henri Admirat	17 June 1794
date of death	Henry Torrens Anstruther (27 November 1860 -- 5 April 1926) was a British Liberal Unionist politician.	Henry Torrens Anstruther	5 April 1926
date of death	Sir Thomas Deane (Cork, 1792 -- Dublin, 1871) was an Irish architect.	Thomas Deane	1871
date of death	Athanasios Psalidas (Greek: Αθανάσιος Ψαλίδας; 1767--1829), was a Greek author, scholar and one of the most renowned figures of the modern Greek Enlightenment.	Athanasios Psalidas	1829
date of death	Sir Cedric Stanton Hicks (2 June 1892 - 7 February 1976) was an Australian Professor of Human Physiology and Pharmacology at the University of Adelaide.	Cedric Stanton Hicks	7 February 1976
date of death	Samuel Azu Crabbe (18 November 1918 -- 15 September 2005) was a barrister, solicitor and jurist.	Samuel Azu Crabbe	15 September 2005
date of death	Richard Nugent, 3rd Earl of Westmeath, born before 1669, died April 1714.	Richard Nugent, 3rd Earl of Westmeath	1714
date of death	John Gibson Paton (24 May 1824 -- 28 January 1907), born in Scotland, was a Protestant missionary to the New Hebrides Islands of the South Pacific.	John Gibson Paton	28 January 1907
date of death	At the age of 52, having been hospitalized after a stroke, Uthum Herat died on 23 October 2009 at a private hospital in Colombo.	Uthum Herat	23 October 2009
date of death	David Louis Band or David L. Band (9 January 1957 -- 16 March 2009) was an astronomer, a leading scientist in theory of the gamma-ray bursts.	David Louis Band	16 March 2009
date of death	Kotogahama Sadao (Jap 琴ヶ濵貞雄) (10 October 1927 - 7 June 1981) was a sumo wrestler from Kanonji, Kagawa, Japan.	Kotogahama Sadao	7 June 1981
date of death	William Algernon Churchill (1865--1947) was an art historian and British diplomat.	William Algernon Churchill	1947
date of death	Per Øyvind Heradstveit (26 May 1932 -- 11 May 2004) was a Norwegian television journalist and non-fiction writer.	Per Øyvind Heradstveit	2004
date of death	Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf (2 November 1739 -- 24 October 1799) was an Austrian composer, violinist and silvologist.	Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf	24 October 1799
date of death	William Michell (14 February 1796 -- 4 November 1872) was a British physician and Member of Parliament.	William Michell	4 November 1872
date of death	Frans Otto Eriksson (15 April 1867 -- 7 June 1953), also known as Svarta Hästen (``The Black Horse''), was a Swedish baker and a convicted thief and murderer.	Frans Otto Eriksson	7 June 1953
date of death	Captain John Wallace Thomas CBE (1888--1965) was a Newfoundland merchant mariner who served with distinction in the First and Second World Wars.	John Wallace Thomas	1965
date of death	Valentin Markin (aka ``Arthur Walter'') (1903 -- 1934) was the chief illegal rezident and director of the espionage operations of the Soviet Union in the United States from 1933 to 1934.	Valentin Markin	1934
date of death	Francesco Antonio Caneti (1652--1721) was an Italian miniature painter of the Baroque period.	Francesco Antonio Caneti	1721
date of death	Herbert Mayo, M.D. (3 April 1796 -- 28 June 1852), was a British physiologist, anatomist and medical writer.	Herbert Mayo	1852
date of death	Thomas Percival Montague Mackey (1 June 1894 -- 23 November 1950), better known as Percival Mackey, was a British pianist, composer and bandleader.	Percival Mackey	23 November 1950
date of death	Ovid died at Tomis in AD 17 or 18.	Ovid	17
date of death	George Sussum (1803 -- 10 August 1882) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first-class debut in 1827, playing at that level until 1832.	George Sussum	10 August 1882
date of death	Ratu Tevita Vakalalabure (1927 -- 6 May 2005) was a Fijian chief and politician.	Tevita Vakalalabure	6 May 2005
date of death	Lykele Faber, also given as Lijkele Faber (Koudekerk aan den Rijn, 14 September 1919 - Vernon, British Columbia, 3 October 2009) was a Dutch commando and radio operator during World War II. He took part in the Battle of Arnhem and helped organize the Dutch resistance.	Lykele Faber	3 October 2009
date of death	Sir Nicholas Williams, 1st Baronet (1681 -- 19 July 1745) was a British politician.	Sir Nicholas Williams, 1st Baronet	19 July 1745
date of death	Karl Wilhelm Wefring (11 October 1867 -- 28 September 1938) was a Norwegian physician and politician who served as Minister of Defence in the 1920s.	Karl Wilhelm Wefring	1938
date of death	Horace Day (3 July 1909 -- 24 March 1984), also Horace Talmage Day, is a painter of the American scene, born in China, who came to maturity during the Thirties and was active as a painter over the next 50 years.	Horace Day	24 March 1984
date of death	Mona Salyer Lambird (1938--1999) was an Oklahoma lawyer who became the first woman president of the Oklahoma Bar Association and the first woman elected to the Board of Governors of the Oklahoma Bar Association.	Mona Salyer Lambird	1999
date of death	Chief Pretty Eagle (1846--1903) was a war chief, warrior, and diplomat of the Crow Nation.	Pretty Eagle	1903
date of death	Yang Kui (Chinese: 楊逵; Wade--Giles: Yang K'uei; 18 October 1906 -- 12 March 1985) was a prominent writer in Taiwan under Japanese rule.	Yang Kui	1985
date of death	Gour Khyapa (15 August 1947 -- 26 January 2013) was a Bengali Baul singer and a philosopher.	Gour Khyapa	26 January 2013
date of death	Luis Alberto Acuña Gatillon (1927 in Iquique -- 2005) was a Chilean writer and storyteller par excellence born in Iquique.	Luis Alberto Acuña Gatillon	2005
date of death	Milorad Drašković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Драшковић; 10 April 1873 -- 21 July 1921) was a Serbian politician who was the Minister of Internal Affairs of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Milorad Drašković	21 July 1921
date of death	Nico Smith (1929 -- 19 June 2010) was a South African Afrikaner minister and prominent opponent of apartheid.	Nico Smith	19 June 2010
date of death	Adalla of Silla (died 184, r. 154--184) was the eighth ruler of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Adalla of Silla	184
date of death	Major Greenwood FRS (9 August 1880 -- 5 October 1949) was an English epidemiologist and statistician.	Major Greenwood	5 October 1949
date of death	Thomas Vilhelm Garde (22 October 1859 -- 24 June 1926) was a Danish naval officer, distinguished for his explorations in Greenland.	Thomas Vilhelm Garde	24 June 1926
date of death	Lavinia Spencer, Countess Spencer (née Bingham; 1762 -- 1831), was a British illustrator.	Lavinia Spencer, Countess Spencer	1831
date of death	Maria Lanc (born Maria Jenewein; 1911 -- 15 November 1995) was an Austrian humanitarian.	Maria Lanc	15 November 1995
date of death	Thomas Letts (1803 -- 1873) was an English stationer and printer who popularised the diary.	Thomas Letts	1873
date of death	William Longshaw, Jr. (26 April 1836 -- 15 January 1865) was a British-born physician who served in the United States Union Navy during the American Civil War.	William Longshaw, Jr.	15 January 1865
date of death	Juan Díaz de Solís (1470 -- 20 January 1516) was a 16th Century navigator and explorer.	Juan Díaz de Solís	20 January 1516
date of death	Beryl Patricia Hall, née Woodhouse (1917--2010) (cited in ornithological literature as B.P. Hall and in self-published works as Pat Hall), was a British ornithologist, associated with the Natural History Museum.	Pat Hall	2010
date of death	Ray Rosso (1916 - 1 December, 2012) was an Italian-born American football coach and Orange Coast College's first ever football coach.	Ray Rosso	1 December, 2012
date of death	Ferdiš Duša (13 January 1888 in Frýdlant nad Ostravicí -- 1958 ibidem) was a Czech folk painter, graphic artist, illustrator and manufacturer of ceramics, coming from the borderland between Moravia and Silesia.	Ferdiš Duša	1958
date of death	Professor Armando Menezes (1902--1983) was a Goan poet, writer, academic and civil servant.	Armando Menezes	1983
date of death	Johan Helo (22 August 1889, Helsinki - 25 October 1966; surname until 1906 Helenius) was a Finnish lawyer, diplomat and politician.	Johan Helo	25 October 1966
date of death	William Bower Dawes (c. 1807 -- 3 August 1869) was a farmer in the colony of South Australia, and member of the first fully elected House of Assembly.	William Bower Dawes	3 August 1869
date of death	Tetsu Komai (1894--1970) was a Japanese actor, known for his minor roles in Hollywood films.	Tetsu Komai	1970
date of death	Sir Rowland Hayward (c. 1520 -- 5 December 1593) was a London merchant, and Lord Mayor of the City in both 1570 and 1591.	Rowland Hayward	5 December 1593
date of death	Giovanni Battista Benaschi, or Beinaschi, (1636--1688) was an Italian painter and engraver active in the Mannerist style.	Giovanni Battista Benaschi	1688
date of death	Daniel Mendaille (27 November 1885 - 17 May 1963) was a French stage and film actor whose career spanned nearly sixty years.	Daniel Mendaille	17 May 1963
date of death	Abner Dean (18 March 1910 -- 30 June 1982), born Abner Epstein in New York City, was an American cartoonist who was the nephew of sculptor Jacob Epstein.	Abner Dean	30 June 1982
date of death	William Douglas Mackenzie, D.D., LL.D. (July 16, 1859 -- 1936) was an American Congregational theologian, born at Fauresmith, Orange River Colony, South Africa, educated in Edinburgh at Watson's College School (1875) and at the Congregational Theological Hall (1880--82).	William Douglas Mackenzie	1936
date of death	Thomas Walter Williams (1763--1833) was an English barrister, known as a legal writer.	Thomas Walter Williams	1833
date of death	Erik Balling (29 November 1924 -- 19 November 2005) was a Danish TV and film director.	Erik Balling	19 November 2005
date of death	Friedrich Lutz (22 February 1852 in Heidenheim -- 14 May 1918 in Oettingen ) was a German politician, Bavarian brewery owner, and farmer.	Friedrich Lutz	14 May 1918
date of death	Camillo Filippi (died 1574) was an Italian painter who flourished about the middle of the 16th century.	Camillo Filippi	1574
date of death	Zhang Fei (died 221), courtesy name Yide, was a military general who served under the warlord Liu Bei in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period.	Zhang Fei	221
date of death	Allan Surtees (31 December 1924 -- 1 November 2000) was an English actor who appeared in many television productions and films over a 30-year period.	Allan Surtees	1 November 2000
date of death	Sayyid Zainal Abidin Ali Khan Bahadur was the son of Nawab Nazim Ashraf Ali Khan of Bengal by his Mut``ah wife, Sharaf-un-nisa Khanum. He died in February, 1826 at Murshidabad.	Zainal Abidin Ali Khan	1826
date of death	Joseph Alexander Ames (1816--1872) was an American artist, primarily known for portrait and genre painting.	Joseph Alexander Ames	1872
date of death	Roger Martival (died 14 March 1330) was a medieval Bishop of Salisbury in England.	Roger Martival	14 March 1330
date of death	Shiv Kumar Patel (died 22 July 2007), also known as Dadua, was a notorious dacoit (bandit) who operated in ravines and forests on the borders between the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.	Shiv Kumar Patel	22 July 2007
date of death	Barthélémy Djabla (1936 -- 15 September 2008) was the Ivorian Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gagnoa, based in Gagnoa, Côte d'Ivoire.	Barthélémy Djabla	15 September 2008
date of death	Lydia Longley (Sainte-Madeleine) (1674 -- 20 July 1758), is known to many as ``The First American Nun'' after Helen A. McCarthy Sawyer of Groton, Massachusetts published her biographical novel written for Roman Catholic children, The First American Nun, in 1958.	Lydia Longley	20 July 1758
date of death	Stewie Speer (Stewart Speer, 26 June 1928 -- 16 September 1986) was an Australian jazz and rock drummer who is best known as a member (1967--1976, 1980) of the Australasian group Max Merritt and the Meteors.	Stewie Speer	16 September 1986
date of death	Gerald Vere Borlase Burgoyne born 1900 and died 4 July 1943.	Gerald Vere Borlase Burgoyne	1943
date of death	Al-Nasir li-Din Allah (1158 -- 4 October 1225) (Arabic: الناصر لدين الله‎) was the 34th Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1180 until his death.	Al-Nasir	1225
date of death	Andrea Solari (also Solario) (1460--1524) was an Italian Renaissance painter of the Milanese school.	Andrea Solari	1524
date of death	Clifford Grobstein (July 20, 1916 -- September 6, 1998) was an American biologist, a cancer researcher, a member of the National Academies of Sciences.	Clifford Grobstein	1998
date of death	Leslie Perri (died 1970) was the pen name of Doris Marie Claire ``Doë'' Baumgardt, an American science fiction fan, writer, and illustrator.	Leslie Perri	1970
date of death	Frederick Leeds Edridge (1800 - 3 April 1841 Woolwich) was a lieutenant in the Royal Artillery and an amateur artist.	Frederick Leeds Edridge	3 April 1841
date of death	Robert Samut M.B., CH.M (12 October 1869 -- 26 May 1934) was a Maltese doctor and musician.	Robert Samut	26 May 1934
date of death	John Parker, 1st Earl of Morley FRS (3 May 1772 -- 14 March 1840), known as Lord Boringdon from 1788 to 1815, was a British peer and politician.	John Parker, 1st Earl of Morley	14 March 1840
date of death	Clarence John Boettiger (1900 -- October 31, 1950) was an American newspaperman and military officer.	Clarence John Boettiger	1950
date of death	Robert Goldsand (March 17, 1911 -- September 16, 1991) was an Austrian-American classical pianist.	Robert Goldsand	1991
date of death	Samuel Rowlands (c. 1573--1630) was an English author of pamphlets in prose and verse, which reflect the follies and humours of the lower middle-class life of his time.	Samuel Rowlands	1630
date of death	William Van Duzer Lawrence (1842--1927) was a millionaire real-estate and pharmaceutical mogul who is best known for having founded Sarah Lawrence College in 1926.	William Van Duzer Lawrence	1927
date of death	Abi Williams (died 1963) was a Welsh nationalist who briefly served as the President of Plaid Cymru.	Abi Williams	1963
date of death	John E. Fenton (1898-1974) was a judge and president of Suffolk University in Boston, Massachusetts from 1965 to 1970.	John E. Fenton	1974
date of death	Basilio Álvarez (1877-1943) was a Spanish priest, journalist and politician related to the Galician agrarianist movement.	Basilio Álvarez	1943
date of death	Zhang Renjie (Chinese: 張人傑; Wade--Giles: Chang Jen-chieh; 19 September 1877 − 3 September 1950), born Zhang Jingjiang (Chinese: 張靜江; Wade--Giles: Chang Ching-chiang), was a political figure and financial entrepreneur in the Republic of China.	Zhang Renjie	3 September 1950
date of death	Sultanmahmut Toraygirov (Kazakh: Сұлтанмахмұт Торайғыров, 29 October 1893 − 21 May 1920) was a prominent Kazakh writer and poet.	Sultanmahmut Toraygirov	21 May 1920
date of death	James Orr MacAndrew (22 June 1899 -- 1979) was Unionist MP for South Ayrshire for 1931-35.	James Orr MacAndrew	1979
date of death	Pakubuwono XII (also transliterated Pakubuwana XII) (reigned 1944 -- 11 June 2004) was the twelfth Susuhunan (ruler of Surakarta) and the longest ruling of all monarchs in Javanese history.	Pakubuwono XII	11 June 2004
date of death	Count Alexis de Sakhnoffsky (12 November 1901, Kiev, Ukraine, then in Russian Empire -- 1964, Atlanta, the USA) was a Russian Empire - American industrial designer, known principally for his Streamline-style automotive designs.	Alexis de Sakhnoffsky	1964
date of death	Pierio Valeriano Bolzani (1477--1558), born Giampietro Valeriano Bolzani, was an Italian Renaissance humanist, favored by the Medici.	Pierio Valeriano Bolzani	1558
date of death	Tomasz Dąbal (Polish pronunciation: (ˈtɔmaʂ ˈdɔmbal); 29 December 1890 - 21 August 1937) was a Polish communist activist.	Tomasz Dąbal	21 August 1937
date of death	Julius Soubise (1754 -- 25 August 1798) was a freed Afro-Caribbean slave who became a well-known fop in 1760s/1770s Britain.	Julius Soubise	25 August 1798
date of death	Andrew Wilson Baird (1842--1908) was a Scottish colonel of the Royal Engineers.	Andrew Wilson Baird	1908
date of death	Philip Streczyk (25 November 1918 -- 25 June 1958) was a sergeant in the U.S. 1st Infantry Division during World War II.	Philip Streczyk	25 June 1958
date of death	Valentine Browne, 1st Earl of Kenmare (January 1754 -- 3 October 1812) was the Seventh Baronet Browne.	Valentine Browne, 1st Earl of Kenmare	3 October 1812
date of death	Ovidiu Zotta (1935-1996) was a Romanian writer of children's stories and an editor, scriptwriter and comic strip designer.	Ovidiu Zotta	1996
date of death	Ishaq ibn Isma'il (before 833 -- 853), also known as Sahak in Georgian sources, was the emir of Tbilisi between 833 and 853.	Ishaq ibn Isma'il	853
date of death	In April 1906 the two leaders were reinforced by Panagiotis Papatzaneteas and Ioannis Sakelaropoulos Stavros Rigas survived the Greek Struggle for Macedonia and participated in the Greco-Turkish War of 1919--22, where he fell in 1921.	Stavros Rigas	1921
date of death	Adam Drese (ca. 1620 -- 15 February 1701) was a German composer and bass viol player.	Adam Drese	15 February 1701
date of death	Arthur Cowper Ranyard (21 June 1845 -- 14 December 1894) was an English astrophysicist.	Arthur Cowper Ranyard	1894
date of death	French professor of mineralogy Charles-Victor Mauguin (19 July 1878 -- 25 April 1958) was inventor (with Carl Hermann) of an international standard notation for crystallographic groups known as the Hermann--	Charles-Victor Mauguin	25 April 1958
date of death	Fadel Shana'a (27 March 1984 -- 16 April 2008) was a Palestinian journalist working as a cameraman for Reuters.	Fadel Shana'a	16 April 2008
date of death	Percy John Harding (15 June 1845, London -- 1943?) was an English mathematician, noteworthy as an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 1912.	Percy John Harding	1943
date of death	John Joseph Lalor (1840/1841 to 9 June 1899) political scientist.	John Joseph Lalor	1899
date of death	Primož Kozak (11 September 1929 -- 22 December 1981) was a Slovenian playwright and essayist.	Primož Kozak	22 December 1981
date of death	Harun ibn Khumarawayh (Arabic: هارون بن خمارويه‎; died 30 December 904) was the fourth Tulunid ruler of Egypt (896--904).	Harun ibn Khumarawayh	30 December 904
date of death	Lazarus Seaman (died 1675), was an English clergyman, supporter in the Westminster Assembly of the Presbyterian party, intruded Master of Peterhouse, Cambridge, and nonconformist minister.	Lazarus Seaman	1675
date of death	William Fessenden Allen (1831--1906) was an American businessman in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Republic of Hawaii.	William Fessenden Allen	1906
date of death	Count Jan Wielopolski (died 1688) was a Polish noble (szlachcic).	Jan Wielopolski	1688
date of death	Ray Huang (Chinese: 黃仁宇; pinyin: Huáng Rényǔ; 25 June 1918 -- 8 January 2000) was a Chinese historian and philosopher.	Ray Huang	8 January 2000
date of death	Almasbei Kchach (died 17 April 2012) was a former government member and vice-presidential candidate from Abkhazia who committed suicide when investigators came to arrest him in connection with an assassination attempt on President Alexander Ankvab.	Almasbei Kchach	17 April 2012
date of death	David A. Nadler (1948--2015) was an American organizational theorist, consultant and business executive, known for his work with Michael L. Tushman on organizational design and organizational architecture.	David A. Nadler	2015
date of death	Butler Ives (January 31, 1830 in Berkshire County, Massachusetts -- December 1872 near Vallejo, California), son of Butler Ives Sr. and Olive Hall Morse Sheffield, the youngest of ten children;	Butler Ives	1872
date of death	James Graham Somerville (12 July 1915 -- 21 May 2014) was a conservationist, pacifist, economist, and environmentalist	James Graham Somerville	21 May 2014
date of death	John Ellis Stuttard (24 April 1920 -- 1983) was an English professional association footballer who played as a full back.	Ellis Stuttard	1983
date of death	Edden Hammons (born 28 Feb 1875 Webster County, West Virginia, died 7 September 1955 ) was an American fiddler from West Virginia.	Edden Hammons	7 September 1955
date of death	Martha Brookes Hutcheson (October 2, 1871 -- 1959) was an American landscape architect, lecturer, and author, active in New England, New York, and New Jersey.	Martha Brookes Hutcheson	1959
date of death	Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn (19 May 1814 -- 19 June 1892) was a Welsh industrialist and Liberal politician who served as MP for Swansea for 37 years.	Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn	1892
date of death	Sir Thomas Bernard, 3rd Baronet (27 April 1750 -- 1 July 1818) was an English social reformer whose father, as governor of the Province of Massachusetts Bay (1760--1770), played a responsible part in directing the British policy which led to the revolt of the American colonies.	Sir Thomas Bernard, 3rd Baronet	1 July 1818
date of death	Sylvester Douglas, 1st Baron Glenbervie PC, KC, FRS, FSA (24 May 1743 -- 2 May 1823) was a British lawyer, politician and diarist.	Sylvester Douglas, 1st Baron Glenbervie	2 May 1823
date of death	Francisco Rosa Rivera (19 March 1972 -- 16 February 2010) was a Puerto Rican bodybuilder.	Francisco Rosa Rivera	16 February 2010
date of death	Ernst Hermann Himmler (23 December 1905 in Munich -- 2 May 1945) was a German Nazi functionary, engineer and younger brother of Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler.	Ernst Hermann Himmler	2 May 1945
date of death	Andrew Hussey Allen (1855--1921) was an American archivist and author, born in New York City.	Andrew Hussey Allen	1921
date of death	Sir Edward Waldegrave (c. 1516 -- 1 September 1561) was an English courtier and Catholic recusant.	Edward Waldegrave	1561
date of death	Ken Goodland (3 August 1940 -- 26 March 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the early 1960s.	Ken Goodland	26 March 1982
date of death	Henry Cromwell-Williams (22 June 1625 -- 3 August 1673) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1673.	Henry Cromwell-Williams	3 August 1673
date of death	Clare Winger Harris (January 18, 1891 -- October 1968) was an early science fiction writer whose short stories were published during the 1920s.	Clare Winger Harris	1968
date of death	Sir John Shaw, 1st Baronet (c. 1615--1680) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1679.	Sir John Shaw, 1st Baronet	1680
date of death	Brahmeshwar Singh (1947-- 1 June 2012) also known as Mukhiyaji, was head of the upper-caste Ranvir Sena militia in Bihar, India.	Brahmeshwar Singh	1 June 2012
date of death	Ruth Guler (8 November 1930 -- 10 February 2015) was a Swiss skier and hotelier, who ran the Hotel Wynegg in the skiing resort of Klosters, Switzerland.	Ruth Guler	10 February 2015
date of death	Jack Edgeley (21 March 1887 -- 18 April 1944) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Edgeley	18 April 1944
date of death	Seathrún Céitinn (c. 1569 -- c. 1644; known in English as Geoffrey Keating) was a 17th-century historian.	Geoffrey Keating	1644
date of death	Adolphus Edward Shelley (1812--1854) was an early British colonial official and the first Auditor-General in British Hong Kong.	Adolphus Edward Shelley	1854
date of death	Roy Royston (5 April 1899 -- 7 October 1976), whose original name was Roy Charles Crowden, was an English actor who appeared in a large number of films between 1912 and 1966, beginning as a child actor.	Roy Royston	7 October 1976
date of death	Sir Thomas Ormsby, 3rd Baronet (26 May 1795 in Clogan, Mayo, Ireland -- 9 August 1833 in Cowes, Isle of Wight) succeeded as 3rd Baronet Ormsby in November 1821.	Thomas Ormsby	9 August 1833
date of death	Muircheartach Óg Ó Súilleabháin (c. 1710-1754), soldier, smuggler.	Muircheartach Óg Ó Súilleabháin	1754
date of death	Marion Herbert Hoover (known as M. Herbert Hoover or Herbert Hoover) (Born Asheville, Ohio; died 1952) of Akron, Ohio, was an American politician of the Republican party who ran unsuccessfully for a number of elective offices in Ohio.	M. Herbert Hoover	1952
date of death	George W. Dollar (1917--2006) was a prominent preacher, teacher and author in Independent Fundamental Baptist circles.	George W. Dollar	2006
date of death	Ronald Humpston (14 December 1924 - 4 January 2012) was a former professional footballer, who played for Portsmouth, Huddersfield Town & Headington United.	Ronald Humpston	4 January 2012
date of death	Francis ``Frank'' Joseph Hardy, (21 March 1917 -- 28 January 1994) publishing as Frank Hardy was an Australian left-wing novelist and writer best known for his controversial novel Power Without Glory.	Frank Hardy	28 January 1994
date of death	Rabbi Avraham Grodzinski was a Haredi Rabbi born in 1883 in Warsaw, Poland and died in 1944 in Kovna, Lithuania.	Avraham Grodzinski	1944
date of death	Rachel Davis Harris (May 10, 1869 -- 1969) was an American librarian and activist.	Rachel Davis Harris	1969
date of death	Danny Halloran (4 July 1954 -- 17 February 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Danny Halloran	17 February 2012
date of death	Vilas Sarang (Devanagari: विलास सारंग) (1942-2015) is one of the most significant modernist Indian writers, critics and translators to emerge in the post-independence period.	Vilas Sarang	2015
date of death	Aristodimos Kaldis (August 15, 1899, in Dikeli, Asia Minor, Turkey -- 1979) was an artist and left-wing activist in New York.	Aristodimos Kaldis	1979
date of death	Mehmet Cemaleddin Efendi (1848--1917) (Turkish: Mehmet Cemâlüddin Efendi) was a senior judge of the Ottoman Empire.	Mehmet Cemaleddin Efendi	1917
date of death	Clifford Morris (died November 1944), better known as Mighty Destroyer was a Trinidadian calypsonian who won the Calypso King contest in 1941.	Mighty Destroyer	November 1944
date of death	Augustus Frederic Rudolf Hoernlé (often Hoernle), CIE (1841--1918) was a German-British Orientalist.	Rudolf Hoernlé	1918
date of death	Thomas William Hogarth (Kelso, 6 April 1901 -- 26 January 1999) was a Scottish, later Australian, veterinarian, writer on dogs, dog judge, dog breeder, genetics enthusiast and veterinary surgeon.	Thomas William Hogarth	26 January 1999
date of death	Hale Asaf, originally Salih (1905, Istanbul - 31 May 1938, Paris) was a Turkish painter of Georgian and Circassian ancestry.	Hale Asaf	31 May 1938
date of death	John Ewart Beswick (5 April 1897 -- February 1978) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke.	Ewart Beswick	February 1978
date of death	Hasan Rıza (1857--1913) was an Ottoman painter, soldier, and government official.	Hasan Rıza	1913
date of death	Captain Thomas James Young VC (1827 -- 20 March 1869) was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Thomas James Young	20 March 1869
date of death	Nils Strandell (20 May 1876 - 20 or 28 July 1963) was a Swedish philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1922.	Nils Strandell	1963
date of death	Brian Spillett GC (1937 - 16 January 1965) was posthumously awarded the George Cross, the highest British (and Commonwealth) award for bravery out of combat.	Brian Spillett	16 January 1965
date of death	Sir Philip Shelbourne (born 15 June 1924 -- 15 April 1993) was a British lawyer and financier.	Philip Shelbourne	15 April 1993
date of death	Samuel Asare Konadu (18 January 1932 -- 1994) was a Ghanaian journalist, novelist and publisher, who also wrote under the pseudonym Kwabena Asare Bediako.	Asare Konadu	1994
date of death	George Mealmaker (10 February 1768 -- 30 March 1808) was a Scottish radical organiser and writer, born in Dundee, Scotland.	George Mealmaker	30 March 1808
date of death	Toivo Pohjala (1 February 1888 -- 23 August 1969) was a Finnish wrestler and harness racing driver.	Toivo Pohjala	23 August 1969
date of death	Howard Harry Rosenbrock (16 December 1920 -- 21 October 2010) was a leading figure in control theory and control engineering.	Howard Harry Rosenbrock	21 October 2010
date of death	Idalia Anreus (1932 -- January 3, 1998) was a Cuban actress who worked in both theatre and film.	Idalia Anreus	1998
date of death	Augustus Gough-Calthorpe, 6th Baron Calthorpe (8 November 1829 -- 22 July 1910) was a British agriculturist and philanthropist.	Augustus Gough-Calthorpe, 6th Baron Calthorpe	22 July 1910
date of death	Yevgeniy Ivchenko (Russian: Евгений Ивченко, Belarusian: Яўген Іўчанка; 26 June 1938 in Sumy Oblast, Ukrainian SSR -- 2 June 1999) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 50 km walk.	Yevgeniy Ivchenko	2 June 1999
date of death	Robert Parys (died 1408), of Hildersham, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	Robert Parys	1408
date of death	Charles Robert Barry QC, PC (3 January 1823 -- 15 May 1897) was an Irish lawyer who rose to become a Lord Justice of Appeal for Ireland.	Charles Robert Barry	15 May 1897
date of death	Kewal Singh (1915--1991) was an Indian diplomat, Foreign Secretary and India's ambassador to the USSR, Pakistan and USA.	Kewal Singh	1991
date of death	Robert Jankel (1 January 1938 -- 25 May 2005) was a British designer of limousines, armoured cars and other speciality vehicles.	Robert Jankel	25 May 2005
date of death	Peter Hagner (b. in Philadelphia, Pa., 1 Oct., 1772; d. in Washington, D. C., 16 July 1850) was a financier and United States civil servant.	Peter Hagner	16 July 1850
date of death	Francis Talfourd (also Frank) (1828--1862) was an English barrister, known as a dramatist.	Francis Talfourd	1862
date of death	Fireman Frederick Davies (17 February 1913 -- 23 August 1945) of the British National Fire Service was posthumously awarded the George Cross, the highest British (and Commonwealth) award for bravery out of combat.	Frederick Davies	23 August 1945
date of death	Shardha Ram Phillauri (30 September 1837 -- 24 June 1881) was a Hindu missionary, social reformer, astrologer, and writer, best remembered for his contributions to Hindi and Punjabi literature.	Shardha Ram Phillauri	24 June 1881
date of death	François Bouffier (1844--1881) was a French non-commissioned officer of the 19th century, a sergeant of the 8th Battalion of infantrymen.	François Bouffier	1881
date of death	Paul Poulet (1887--1946) was a self-taught Belgian mathematician who made several important contributions to number theory, including the discovery of sociable numbers in 1918.	Paul Poulet	1946
date of death	Ludwig-Wilhelm Tepper de Ferguson (Lewis-William Ferguson-Tepper, Tepper von Ferguson, Louis-Guillaume Tepper de Ferguson; 18 December 1768, Warsaw -- 12 September 1838, Paris) was a Polish--	Ludwig-Wilhelm Tepper de Ferguson	12 September 1838
date of death	Patrick Ruthven, 1st Earl of Forth and 1st Earl of Brentford (c. 1573 -- 2 February 1651) was a Scottish nobleman, general, and diplomat.	Patrick Ruthven, 1st Earl of Forth	1651
date of death	Henry Dodwell (October 1641 -- 7 June 1711) was an Anglo-Irish scholar, theologian and controversial writer.	Henry Dodwell	7 June 1711
date of death	Thomas Passhe (died 1489) was a Canon of Windsor from 1449 to 1489.	Thomas Passhe	1489
date of death	Hermanus Numan (1744--9 March 1820) was a Dutch painter, draftsman, pastellist, etcher, engraver, watercolorist, set painter, decorator (interiors), art theorist, and publisher.	Hermanus Numan	9 March 1820
date of death	Marshall Brement (born 10 January 1932 in New York City - died on 6 April 2009 in Tucson, Arizona) was a career United States Foreign Service officer, who served as United States Ambassador to Iceland in 1981-1985 and after retirement was a professor at the University of Virginia.	Marshall Brement	6 April 2009
date of death	Ulpius Limenius (died 8 April AD 349) was a Roman politician who was appointed consul in AD 349.	Ulpius Limenius	349
date of death	Karol Grossmann (27 October 1864 -- 3 August 1929) was a pioneering film maker in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Karol Grossmann	3 August 1929
date of death	Nicholas Lynch (c. 1590-1634), Dominican priest and prior of Galway.	Nicholas Lynch	1634
date of death	Aagot Nissen (née Kavli; 1882 -- 1978) was a Norwegian actress.	Aagot Nissen	1978
date of death	Ahmed Mejjati (born in Casablanca in 1936 - 1995) was an influential Moroccan avant-garde poet.	Ahmed Mejjati	1995
date of death	Jens Jørgen Thorsen (2 February 1932 Holstebro -- 15 November 2000) was a Danish artist, director, and jazz musician whose works sometimes created controversy.	Jens Jørgen Thorsen	15 November 2000
date of death	Robert M. Wilkinson (April 11, 1921 -- September 27, 2010) was a political figure and lobbyist in the San Fernando Valley in California.	Robert M. Wilkinson	2010
date of death	James Milnor Coit (January 31, 1845--1925) was an American teacher, born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	James Milnor Coit	1925
date of death	Wilhelm von Krosigk (1871-1953), was the German commander of the SMS Stettin.	Wilhelm von Krosigk	1953
date of death	Sara Hammond (1672 -- May 1716) was a Norwegian landowner and businesswoman.	Sara Hammond	1716
date of death	Basil Hadley (1940 in London, England -- 2006 in Stepney, Adelaide) was an English Australian printmaker and painter.	Basil Hadley	2006
date of death	Emmanuel-Marie Blain de Saint-Aubin (30 June 1833 -- 9 July 1883) was an educator, song-writer, story-teller, and translator.	Emmanuel-Marie Blain de Saint-Aubin	9 July 1883
date of death	Sir Thomas Hanmer, 4th Baronet (24 September 1677 -- 7 May 1746) was Speaker of the House of Commons from 1714 to 1715, discharging the duties of the office with conspicuous impartiality.	Sir Thomas Hanmer, 4th Baronet	1746
date of death	Samuel Walker (1714--1761), called Samuel Walker of Truro, was an English evangelical clergyman of the Church of England.	Samuel Walker of Truro	1761
date of death	Les Carr (22 May 1929 -- 11 May 2012) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Les Carr	11 May 2012
date of death	Samuel Crompton (3 December 1753 -- 26 June 1827) was an English inventor and pioneer of the spinning industry.	Samuel Crompton	26 June 1827
date of death	Manuel da Luz Afonso (Loulé, 31 January 1917 - 15 October 2000) was a Portuguese football manager.	Manuel da Luz Afonso	15 October 2000
date of death	Peter Stokes (died 1399) was an English Carmelite friar, known as an opponent of the teachings of John Wyclif.	Peter Stokes	1399
date of death	Enrica Calabresi (10 November 1891 Ferrara -- 20 January 1944) was an Italian zoologist, herpetologist, and entomologist.	Enrica Calabresi	20 January 1944
date of death	Niels Wulfsberg (29 August 1775 -- 25 June 1852) was a Norwegian priest, newspaper editor and publisher.	Niels Wulfsberg	25 June 1852
date of death	Khosrow IV was a Sasanian usurper who ruled briefly in 631.	Khosrow IV	631
date of death	Zhao Xi (simplified Chinese: 赵憙; traditional Chinese: 趙憙; pinyin: Zhào Xǐ; 4-80 CE), courtesy name Boyang (simplified Chinese: 伯阳; traditional Chinese: 伯陽; pinyin: Bóyáng), was a politician who lived in the early Eastern Han Dynasty.	Zhao Xi	80
date of death	Jens Schou Fabricius (3 March 1758 -- 6 April 1841) was the Norwegian appointed Minister of the Navy 1817--1818.	Jens Schou Fabricius	6 April 1841
date of death	Afonso, Prince of Portugal (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐˈfõsu); 18 May 1475 -- 13 July 1491) - was the heir apparent to the throne of Portugal.	Afonso, Prince of Portugal	13 July 1491
date of death	Otar Koberidze (Georgian: ოთარ კობერიძე; 17 December 1924 -- 9 March 2015) was a Georgian actor, film director and screenwriter.	Otar Koberidze	9 March 2015
date of death	John Savile, 3rd Earl of Mexborough (3 July 1783 -- 25 December 1860), styled Viscount Pollington until 1830, was a British peer and Tory politician.	John Savile, 3rd Earl of Mexborough	25 December 1860
date of death	Patri Fidiel (1762--1824) was a Capuchin, author of poems about religious aspects and with a popular traditional versification.	Patri Fidiel	1824
date of death	John Ayldon (11 December 1943 -- 16 February 2013) was an English opera singer and comic actor, best known for his performances in bass-baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	John Ayldon	16 February 2013
date of death	Wing Gillette (died 8 September 1996) was a West Indian cricket umpire.	Wing Gillette	8 September 1996
date of death	Fumo Madi ibn Abi Bakr was Sultan of Pate, Kenya (1779 - 1809).	Fumo Madi ibn Abi Bakr	1809
date of death	Wang Daohan (Chinese: 汪道涵; pinyin: Wāng Dàohán), (27 March 1915 -- 24 December 2005) was the former president of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits (ARATS).	Wang Daohan	24 December 2005
date of death	Max Schur (26 September 1897 -- 12 October 1969) was a physician and friend of Sigmund Freud.	Max Schur	12 October 1969
date of death	Isaac Wilkinson (baptised 6 May 1695 - 31 January 1784) was an English industrialist, one of the founders of the iron industry and pioneer of the Industrial Revolution.	Isaac Wilkinson	31 January 1784
date of death	Mattie Clarke (1922 in Dublin -- 6 January 1960) was a soccer player from Dublin, Ireland.	Mattie Clarke	6 January 1960
date of death	Charles Townshend Murdoch (27 May 1837 -- 8 July 1898) was a banker and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1898.	Charles Townshend Murdoch	1898
date of death	William Cochrane, 1st Earl of Dundonald (1605-- November 1685) supported the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	William Cochrane, 1st Earl of Dundonald	1685
date of death	Luca Penni (c.1500/1504--1556) was an Italian painter of the 16th century best known for his work in France as part of the School of Fontainebleau.	Luca Penni	1556
date of death	Elizabeth Creed (née Pickering; 1642--1728) was a daughter of Sir Gilbert Pickering, Bart., cousin to the poet John Dryden, and a second cousin to Samuel Pepys.	Elizabeth Creed	1728
date of death	Brian G. Hughes (1849--1924) was a US businessman and practical joker.	Brian G. Hughes	1924
date of death	Fran Ramovš (14 September 1890 -- 16 September 1952; pen name Julij Dub) was a Slovenian linguist.	Fran Ramovš	16 September 1952
date of death	Mrs. Pack (died 1694) was a wet nurse to the child William, Duke of Gloucester (1689--1700); she was believed indispensable to the boy's health, and because of that, came to exercise considerable control over the household of his mother, the future Queen Anne.	Mrs. Pack	1694
date of death	Diarmaid mac Madudan, Chief of Síol Anmchadha 1032-1069.	Diarmaid mac Madudan	1069
date of death	Lady Augusta Gordon (née FitzClarence; 17 November 1803 -- 8 December 1865) was a British noblewoman.	Lady Augusta Gordon	8 December 1865
date of death	Alessandro Rolla (Italian pronunciation: (alesˈsandro ˈrɔlla); 22 April 1757 -- 15 September 1841) was an Italian viola and violin virtuoso, composer, conductor and teacher.	Alessandro Rolla	15 September 1841
date of death	Sebastian Newdigate, O.Cart., (7 September 1500 -- 19 June 1535) was the seventh child of John Newdigate, Sergeant-at-law.	Sebastian Newdigate	19 June 1535
date of death	Amir Sultan (1368--1429) was Amir Kulal Shamsuddin's grandson.	Amir Sultan	1429
date of death	Igor Dvornik (9 May 1923, Split - 21 August 2010, Zagreb) was a Croatian radiation chemist.	Igor Dvornik	21 August 2010
date of death	N.L. Peschier (died after 1661), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	N.L. Peschier	1661
date of death	Zhou Shidi (Chinese: 周士第; Pinyin: Zhōu Shìdì; 1900--1979) was a general of the People's Liberation Army of China.	Zhou Shidi	1979
date of death	Kavi Kunjara Bharati (1810--1896) was a Tamil poet and a composer of Carnatic music.	Kavi Kunjara Bharati	1896
date of death	Adam Marsh (Adam de Marisco) (c. 1200 -- 18 November 1259) was an English Franciscan, scholar and theologian.	Adam Marsh	18 November 1259
date of death	Mirko Beljan (12 October 1899 -- 14 October 1959) was an Ustaše officer in the Independent State of Croatia during World War II. He was born in the village of Dobrići, near Tomislavgrad.	Mirko Beljan	14 October 1959
date of death	Alexandros Vasileiou (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Βασιλείου, 1760--1818) was a Greek merchant and scholar, one of the representatives of the modern Greek Enlightenment.	Alexandros Vasileiou	1818
date of death	Clara Birnberg (1894--1989) was an Anglo-Jewish artist, illustrator, portraitist and sculptor.	Clara Birnberg	1989
date of death	Adelaide Caroline Johanne Brun (known as Ida Brun and later as Ida (de) Bombelles; 20 September 1792 -- 23 November 1857) was a Danish singer, dancer, and classical mime artist in the genre known as mimoplastic art or ``attitude''.	Ida Brun	23 November 1857
date of death	André-Joseph Exaudet (1710--1762) was a French violinist and composer, best known for composing the influential 1751 minuet bearing his name.	André-Joseph Exaudet	1762
date of death	Hans Brenaa (b Copenhagen, 9 October 1910, d Copenhagen, 14 April 1988) was a Danish dancer, teacher, and ballet director.	Hans Brenaa	14 April 1988
date of death	Lorentz Johannsen (14 September 1769 -- 27 April 1837) was a Norwegian merchant and member of the Norwegian Parliament.	Lorentz Johannsen	27 April 1837
date of death	George Collison (1772--1847) was an English Congregationalist and educator associated with Hackney Academy or Hackney College, which became part of New College London--itself part of the University of London.	George Collison	1847
date of death	Som Nath Sadhu (1935 - 1982) was an Indian theatre personality known for his contributions to Kashmiri theatre as an actor, playwright and director.	Som Nath Sadhu	1982
date of death	Llywarch ap Llywelyn (fl. 1173--1220) was a medieval Welsh poet.	Llywarch ap Llywelyn	1220
date of death	Najeeb Diab had five daughters and a son, and died in Brooklyn, New York on 11 July 1936.	Najeeb Diab	11 July 1936
date of death	Francesco Stelluti (12 January 1577 -- November 1652) was an Italian polymath who worked in the fields of mathematics, microscopy, literature, and astronomy.	Francesco Stelluti	November 1652
date of death	Allan Campbell McLean (1922-- 1989) was a British writer and political activist.	Allan Campbell McLean	1989
date of death	Ouyang Xun (Chinese: 歐陽詢; Wade--Giles: Ou-yang Hsun) (557--641), courtesy name Xinben (信本), was a Confucian scholar and calligrapher of the early Tang Dynasty.	Ouyang Xun	641
date of death	Abune Paulos (3 November 1935 -- 16 August 2012) was Patriarch of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church (1992--2012).	Abune Paulos	16 August 2012
date of death	Daniel Casper (25 January 1635, Nimptsch, Niederschlesien -- 28 April 1683, Breslau, Niederschlesien), also spelled Daniel Caspar, and referred to from 1670 as Daniel Casper von Lohenstein, was a Baroque Silesian playwright, lawyer, diplomat, poet, and chief representative of the Second Silesian School.	Daniel Casper von Lohenstein	28 April 1683
date of death	Henrietta Adler (1 December 1868 -- 15 April 1950), known as Nettie Adler, was a Jewish Liberal Party politician who was one of the first women to be elected and to be able to take her seat on the London County Council.	Henrietta Adler	15 April 1950
date of death	The 3rd Jebtsundamba Khutughtu (1758-1773), was the third incarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu, the spiritual heads of the Gelug lineage of Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia.	3rd Jebtsundamba Khutughtu	1773
date of death	Konstantin Sarajev (Constantine Saradjian) (1877--1954) was a Soviet Armenian conductor and violinist.	Konstantin Sarajev	1954
date of death	Yosef Serlin (Hebrew: יוסף סרלין‎, 24 February 1906 -- 15 January 1974) was a Zionist activist, lawyer and Israeli politician.	Yosef Serlin	15 January 1974
date of death	Marija Petković, also known as ``The Blessed Mary of Jesus Crucified Petković''; (Croatian: Marija od Propetoga Isusa Petković, Italian Maria Di Gesù Crocifisso), (10 December 1892 - 9 July 1966) was the founder of the Catholic Congregation of the Daughters of Mercy.	Marija Petković	9 July 1966
date of death	Luchetto Gattilusio (fl. 1248--1307) was a Genoese statesman, diplomat, and man of letters.	Luchetto Gattilusio	1307
date of death	Edward Rishton (1550 -- 29 June 1585) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	Edward Rishton	29 June 1585
date of death	Pavel Solomirsky (Russian: Павел Дмитриевич Соломирский; 1801--1861) was a business magnate in the Russian Empire, the member of the wealthy Turchaninov family, which originated from a Turk prisoner Philip Turchaninov.	Pavel Solomirsky	1861
date of death	Prince Michał Jerzy Poniatowski, born Michał Jerzy Poniatowski (12 October 1736 -- 12 August 1794) was a Polish nobleman.	Michał Jerzy Poniatowski	12 August 1794
date of death	Arnold Moll (5 May 1675 -- 10 February 1729) was the Dutch commander of Jaffanapatnam from 1723 to 1725 and acting Governor of Ceylon from 21 June 1723 to 12 January 1724.	Arnold Moll	10 February 1729
date of death	Agnes Waterhouse (c. 1503 - 29 July 1566), also known as Mother Waterhouse, was the first woman executed for witchcraft in England.	Agnes Waterhouse	1566
date of death	Alfred Weidler (né Alfred Wilhelm Carl Weidler 27 May 1886 Georgsmarienhütte, Germany -- 16 June 1966 Los Angeles) was an architect who, after moving from Germany to Los Angeles in 1923, went on to became a prolific model builder for 40 years with 20th Century Fox.	Alfred Weidler	16 June 1966
date of death	Dame Mary V. Austin (née Hall-Thompson; 29 July 1900 -- 10 September 1986) was an Australian community worker and political activist.	Mary V. Austin	1986
date of death	John Poynder (1779--1849) was an English lawyer and theological writer, best known for his Literary Extracts and as a proponent of Christian missions in India	John Poynder	1849
date of death	Alan Hellary (29 August 1923 -- 28 August 1992) was a British pilot who co-founded British Atlantic Airways, which would later become Virgin Atlantic Airways.	Alan Hellary	28 August 1992
date of death	Joseph Harb (1940 -- 9 February 2014) was a Lebanese poet and writer.	Joseph Harb	9 February 2014
date of death	Joan Kerr (1938-2004) was an Australian academic and cultural preservationist.	Joan Kerr	2004
date of death	Captain Henry Ross (1829 -- 5 December 1854) was a Canadian gold miner at Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, and was known on the goldfields as the 'bridegroom' of the miners flag, the Southern Cross, the Eureka Flag.	Henry Ross	5 December 1854
date of death	General John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun (5 May 1705 -- 27 April 1782) was a British nobleman and army officer.	John Campbell, 4th Earl of Loudoun	27 April 1782
date of death	John Rodker (18 December 1894 -- 6 October 1955) was a British writer, modernist poet, and publisher of modernist writers.	John Rodker	6 October 1955
date of death	Hulü Guang (斛律光) (515--572), courtesy name Mingyue (明月), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi.	Hulü Guang	572
date of death	Kathleen Eaton Cannell (usually known as Kitty Cannell) (1891 -- 1974) was a Paris-based American dance and fashion correspondent for major U.S. papers and periodicals.	Kathleen Eaton Cannell	1974
date of death	Sir John Bussy (died 29 July 1399) of Hougham in Lincolnshire was a Member of Parliament representing Lincolnshire or Rutland eleven times from 1383 to 1398 as a Knight of the Shire.	John Bussy	29 July 1399
date of death	Hermann Schridde (3 July 1937 in Celle - 18 May 1985 in Meißendorf near Winsen) was a German equestrian.	Hermann Schridde	18 May 1985
date of death	Thøger Birkeland (20 March 1922 -- 6 April 2011) was a Danish teacher and writer mostly known for his children's books.	Thøger Birkeland	6 April 2011
date of death	Allen Hill (14 November 1843, Kirkheaton, Huddersfield, Yorkshire -- 28 August 1910, Leyland, Lancashire) played in the first-ever cricket Test, taking the first wicket.	Allen Hill	28 August 1910
date of death	Sir Henry Strachey, 1st Baronet (23 May 1736 -- 3 January 1810) was a British civil servant and politician.	Sir Henry Strachey, 1st Baronet	3 January 1810
date of death	Walter Harrison Cady (1877--1970) was an American illustrator and author, best known for his Peter Rabbit comic strip which he wrote and drew for 28 years.	Harrison Cady	1970
date of death	James Hinton (baptized 26 November 1822 -- died 16 December 1875) was an English surgeon and author.	James Hinton	16 December 1875
date of death	Norman J. Hunt (died 1984) was a composer, conductor, arranger, and performer in the big band era, covering a wide range of musical styles including classical music, jazz, and was a featured soloist on many recordings and performances globally.	Norman J. Hunt	1984
date of death	Karmabai (20 January 1615 -- 1634) was a Jat known as- Bhakt Shiromani Karmabai.	Karmabai	1634
date of death	Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx (also Balthasar de Beaujoyeux), originally Baldassare de Belgiojoso (d. ca. 1587, Paris) was an Italian violinist, composer, and choreographer.	Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx	1587
date of death	E. Imre Friedmann (1921 -- June 11, 2007) was a biologist, Robert O. Lawton Distinguished Professor of Biology at Florida State University and the NASA Ames Research Center, and Director, Polar Desert Research Center.	Imre Friedmann	2007
date of death	Scot Young (1962 -- 2014) was a Scottish property tycoon.	Scot Young	2014
date of death	Kang Dae-ha (April 12, 1942 -- 1995) was a South Korean screenwriter, producer, film and art director and poet.	Kang Dae-ha	1995
date of death	Sir Thomas Nicholas Redington KCB (2 October 1815 -- 11 October 1862) was an Irish administrator, politician and civil servant.	Thomas Nicholas Redington	11 October 1862
date of death	Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni (8 June 1623 -- 29 June 1698) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Cardinal-Nephew to Pope Clement X.	Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni	29 June 1698
date of death	Franjo Majetić (26 February 1923 -- 29 November 1991) was a Croatian actor noted for his comedic roles.	Franjo Majetić	29 November 1991
date of death	Nathaniel Pilch (born 4 September 1793 in Brisley, Norfolk; died 1881 in Erpingham, Norfolk) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Norfolk who was active from 1820 to 1836.	Nathaniel Pilch	1881
date of death	Muhammad ibn Ahmed ibn Muhammad 'Illish (1802 - 1882 CE) (1217 - 1299 AH) (Arabic: محمد بن أحمد عليش‎), more commonly referred to in Muslim works simply as 'Illish or Sheikh 'Illish, was a 19th-century CE Egyptian Muslim jurist from Tripolitanian origin.	'Illish	1882
date of death	Zhuge Shuang (諸葛爽) (d. 886) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Heyang Circuit (河陽, headquartered in modern Jiaozuo, Henan) for some time and who vacillated between allegiance to Tang and to the Qi state of the agrarian rebel Huang Chao.	Zhuge Shuang	886
date of death	Kirsten Heiberg (25 April 1907 -- 2 March 1976) was a Norwegian actress and singer who had a major film career in Germany between 1938 and 1954.	Kirsten Heiberg	2 March 1976
date of death	George Bornoff (5 November 1907 -- 1998) was a Canadian violinist and string teacher.	George Bornoff	1998
date of death	Sun Tongxuan (孙桐萱; Sun Tung-hsuan; 1895--1978) was a Kuomintang general.	Sun Tongxuan	1978
date of death	Jack Horrigan (December 30, 1925 -- June 2, 1973) was a sportswriter for the Buffalo Evening News and American Football League (AFL) Public Relations Director who went on to serve in public relations for the Buffalo Bills.	Jack Horrigan	1973
date of death	Sir Tannatt William Edgeworth David, KBE, CMG, DSO, FRS, (28 January 1858 -- 28 August 1934), professionally known as Edgeworth David, was a Welsh Australian geologist and Antarctic explorer.	Edgeworth David	28 August 1934
date of death	Mordechai Efraim Fischel Sofer-Zussman (1867--1942) was a prominent rabbi who served in various communities before becoming the head if the Yere'im Community and chief rabbi of Budapest, Hungary in 1914.	Mordechai Efraim Fischel Sofer-Zussman	1942
date of death	Abdul Latif Chowdhury (Bengali: আব্দুল লতিফ চৌধুরী; 25 May 1913 -- 16 January 2008), widely known as Saheb Qiblah Fultali, was a Bangladeshi Islamic scholar of theology, philosophy, murshid, spiritual esotericist, and spiritual leader.	Saheb Qiblah Fultali	16 January 2008
date of death	Robert Younger, Baron Blanesburgh GBE PC QC (12 September 1861 -- 17 August 1946) was a Scottish barrister and judge.	Robert Younger, Baron Blanesburgh	17 August 1946
date of death	Krushnaji Prabhakar Khadilkar (Devanagari: कृष्णाजी प्रभाकर खाडिलकर) (1872--1948) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Krushnaji Prabhakar Khadilkar	1948
date of death	Samuel Wesley (24 February 1766 -- 11 October 1837) was an English organist and composer in the late Georgian period.	Samuel Wesley	11 October 1837
date of death	Lady Katherine Sophia Kane (née Baily; 11 March 1811 -- 25 February 1886) was an Irish botanist, best known for her book on Irish flowering plants The Irish Flora (1833).	Katherine Sophia Kane	25 February 1886
date of death	Field Marshal John Campbell, 5th Duke of Argyll (June 1723 -- 24 May 1806), styled Marquess of Lorne from 1761 to 1770, was a Scottish soldier and nobleman.	John Campbell, 5th Duke of Argyll	24 May 1806
date of death	Frederick Leypoldt (17 November 1835, in Stuttgart, Germany -- 31 March 1884, in New York City) was a bibliographer, the founder of Library Journal, Publisher's Weekly, Index Medicus and other publications.	Frederick Leypoldt	31 March 1884
date of death	John Trundle (1575 - 1629) was a London publisher and bookseller.	John Trundle	1629
date of death	Sir Denis Follows, CBE (13 April 1908 -- 17 September 1983) was a British sports administrator.	Denis Follows	17 September 1983
date of death	Giacomo Orefice (27 August 1865 -- 22 December 1922) was an Italian composer.	Giacomo Orefice	22 December 1922
date of death	Neokosmos Grigoriadis (Greek: Νεόκοσμος Γρηγοριάδης, 1879--1967) was a Greek Army general, notable for his involvement in the Greek Resistance during World War II as a leading member of the left-wing National Liberation Front (EAM).	Neokosmos Grigoriadis	1967
date of death	Lloyd Powell (22 August 1888 -- 25 March 1975) was an English, later Canadian pianist and teacher.	Lloyd Powell	1975
date of death	Pope Gregory X (Latin: Gregorius X; c. 1210 -- 10 January 1276), born Teobaldo Visconti, was Pope from 1 September 1271 to his death in 1276 and was a member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Pope Gregory X	10 January 1276
date of death	Frankie Walsh (1936 -- 28 December 2012) was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Waterford senior team.	Frankie Walsh	28 December 2012
date of death	Ganapati Chakraborty (Bengali: গণপতি চক্রবর্তী) (1858 - 20 November 1939) was an magician from Kolkata known for his mesmerizing tricks.	Ganapati Chakraborty	20 November 1939
date of death	Alfred Cellier (1 December 1844 -- 28 December 1891) was an English composer, orchestrator and conductor.	Alfred Cellier	28 December 1891
date of death	Marshall Ho'o (1910 - 1993) was an American practitioner of t'ai chi ch'uan.	Marshall Ho'o	1993
date of death	Ernest George Harcourt Williams (30 March 1880 -- 13 December 1957) was an English actor and director.	Harcourt Williams	13 December 1957
date of death	Guy Stewart Callendar (February 1897 - October 1964) was an English steam engineer and inventor.	Guy Stewart Callendar	October 1964
date of death	James Rewcastle (c.1802--1867) was the first secretary of the Newcastle Temperance movement, and a songwriter born in the Newcastle area.	James Rewcastle	1867
date of death	Herbert B. Fredersdorf (2 October 1899 -- 21 July 1971) was a German film editor, screenwriter and film director.	Herbert B. Fredersdorf	21 July 1971
date of death	Rothad of Soissons (died 869) was Bishop of Soissons.	Rothad of Soissons	869
date of death	Joseph Barret (1665--1699) was an English businessman and theological writer.	Joseph Barret	1699
date of death	Zoltán Kemény (21 March 1907 - 14 June 1965) was a sculptor.	Zoltán Kemény	14 June 1965
date of death	John McNeil Eddings (born 1830, died 1896) was the military storekeeper at Fort Vancouver, and a prominent civic leader of Clark County in what was then the Washington Territory.	John McNeil Eddings	1896
date of death	Nehemiah Guthridge (c.1808 - 27 June 1878), was an Irish-born Melbourne ironmonger, a city councillor in Melbourne, a parliamentarian representing the Central Province (November 1856 to August 1858) in the Legislative Council, a prominent Wesleyan and the first mayor of Sale in 1863.	Nehemiah Guthridge	27 June 1878
date of death	S. Kalitheerthan (died January 2011) was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	S. Kalitheerthan	January 2011
date of death	Jay Robert McColl (March 24, 1867-1936) was the dean of Engineering for University of Detroit starting in 1911.	Jay Robert McColl	1936
date of death	Julius Braun (16 July 1825, Karlsruhe -- 1869, Munich) was a German historian, with an interest in art, culture and religion.	Julius Braun	1869
date of death	Elizabeth Moody (1737 Kingston upon Thames - 1814) was a British poet, and literary critic.	Elizabeth Moody	1814
date of death	Peter Coupar (17 October 1866 -- 6 July 1944) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dundee and Stoke.	Peter Coupar	6 July 1944
date of death	Pushpa Sundar Tuladhar (1885-1935) was a prominent merchant of Kathmandu and one of the chief donors to the restoration of the Swayambhu stupa in 1918.	Pushpa Sundar Tuladhar	1935
date of death	Elva Nampeyo (1926--1985) (also known as Elva Tewaguna) was an American studio potter.	Elva Nampeyo	1985
date of death	Helena Argyre or Argyropoulaina (Greek: Ἑλένη Ἀργυρή/Ἀργυροπούλαινα, Georgian: ელენე, elene) (died c. 1033) was a Byzantine noblewoman of the Argyros family and Queen Consort of Georgia as the first wife of King Bagrat IV of the Bagratids.	Helena Argyre	1033
date of death	Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan (15 February 1906 -- 1 July 2000) was the fourth and last wife of Sir Sultan Muhammad Shah, Aga Khan III. The couple married thirteen months after the Aga Khan III and his third wife were divorced by mutual consent.	Begum Om Habibeh Aga Khan	1 July 2000
date of death	Manaji Rao Gaekwad (before April 1751 -- 27 July 1793) was the Maharaja of Baroda (r.1789--1793).	Manaji Rao Gaekwad	27 July 1793
date of death	David Kantilla (traditional name Amparralamtua 1938 or 1940--1978) was an Australian rules footballer who is recognised as the first Indigenous Australian to play in the South Australian National Football League and the first Tiwi Islander to successfully play in a southern football league.	David Kantilla	1978
date of death	Jiří Grossmann (20 July 1941 -- 5 December 1971) was a Czechoslovak theatre actor, poet, and composer.	Jiří Grossmann	5 December 1971
date of death	Hubert Henry Davies (17 March 1869 -- 17 August 1917) was a leading British playwright and dramatist of the early twentieth century, following in the tradition of Arthur Wing Pinero and Henry Arthur Jones, but influenced profoundly by Thomas William Robertson.	Hubert Henry Davies	17 August 1917
date of death	Augustus Henry Keane (1833--1912) was an Irish Roman Catholic journalist and linguist, known for his ethnological writings.	Augustus Henry Keane	1912
date of death	Hugh McCartney (3 January 1920 -- 28 February 2006) was a Scottish Labour politician.	Hugh McCartney	28 February 2006
date of death	Ngô Đức Kế (1878--1929) was a prominent scholar-gentry Vietnamese anti-colonial intellectual in the early 20th century.	Ngô Đức Kế	1929
date of death	Leonard Mociulschi (Romanian pronunciation: (le.oˈnard moˈt͡ʃjul.ski)) (27 March 1889, Siminicea, Botoşani County in northern Moldavia - 15 April 1979, Braşov) was a Romanian Major General during World War II.	Leonard Mociulschi	15 April 1979
date of death	Dame Joan Bartlett, S.S.I., O.B.E., D.S.G., (1 August 1911, Lancashire -- 9 September 2002) was a prominent British convert to the Roman Catholic Church and the foundress of the Servite Secular Institute.	Joan Bartlett	9 September 2002
date of death	John Lethbridge (1675--1759) invented the first underwater diving machine in 1715.	John Lethbridge	1759
date of death	Michael Abercrombie FRS (14 August 1912 -- 28 May 1979) was a British cell biologist and embryologist.	Michael Abercrombie	28 May 1979
date of death	Samuel Antek (1909--1958) was a violinist in the NBC Symphony Orchestra under conductor Arturo Toscanini.	Samuel Antek	1958
date of death	George Hazlett (10 March 1923 -- 21 December 2012) was a Scottish footballer who played as an outside right in the Football League.	George Hazlett	21 December 2012
date of death	Henry Dornan (14 February 1916 - 4 December 1990) was a Scottish footballer who played for Kilmarnock and made 'guest' appearances during the Second World War for Dumbarton and Celtic.	Henry Dornan	4 December 1990
date of death	Welf VII (c. 1135 -- 11 or 12 September 1167) was the only son of Welf VI, Duke of Spoleto and Margrave of Tuscany, and Uta, daughter of Godfrey of Calw, count palatine of the Rhine.	Welf VII	12 September 1167
date of death	Louis Morizot (1874--1957) was an influential French bow maker of great reputation.	Louis Morizot	1957
date of death	DJ Subroc (August 3, 1973 -- April 23, 1993) was an English-born American hip hop artist and a member of KMD and Constipated Monkey.	DJ Subroc	1993
date of death	Robert de Eglesfield (c.1295-1349), 1341 founder of The Queen's College, Oxford, and a chaplain of Queen Philippa of Hainault in whose honour he named the college.	Robert de Eglesfield	1349
date of death	Jan Ruhtenberg (a.k.a. Alexander Gustaf Jan Ruhtenberg or Alexander Gustav Jan Ruhtenberg, born Alexander Gustaf Rutencrantz von Ruhtenberg, 28 February 1896 -- died, December 1975) was an architect who ``made significant contributions in introducing modern architecture to the United States as a teacher and a modern architect''.	Jan Ruhtenberg	1975
date of death	Alfred Arthur Greenwood Hales (21 July 1860 -- 29 December 1936) was an Australian novelist and war correspondent.	Alfred Arthur Greenwood Hales	29 December 1936
date of death	Sir Walter Farquhar, 1st Baronet (October 1738 -- 30 March 1819) was a prominent Scottish physician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century, whose clientele included many of the leading figures of the day, including the Prince of Wales (later King George IV) and the Prime Minister William Pitt.	Sir Walter Farquhar, 1st Baronet	30 March 1819
date of death	William Attersoll (died 1640), was an English puritan divine and author.	William Attersoll	1640
date of death	Cecil Raleigh (27 January 1856 -- 10 November 1914, London, England) was an English actor and playwright.	Cecil Raleigh	10 November 1914
date of death	Willie Edouin (1 January 1846 -- 14 April 1908) was an English comedian, actor, dancer, singer, writer, director and theatre manager.	Willie Edouin	14 April 1908
date of death	Bekim Fehmiu (1 June 1936 -- 15 June 2010) was a Yugoslavian theater and film actor of Albanian ethnicity.	Bekim Fehmiu	15 June 2010
date of death	Hatibzade Yahya Pasha (known by contemporaries as just Yahya Pasha; died August 1755) was an Ottoman statesman and admiral.	Hatibzade Yahya Pasha	1755
date of death	Barend Bonneveld (27 November 1887 -- 9 February 1978) was a Dutch heavyweight wrestler.	Barend Bonneveld	9 February 1978
date of death	Samuel Claridge (December 5, 1828 -- September 11, 1919) was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) who was a prominent early settler of the Muddy River Valley in Nevada and Thatcher, Arizona.	Samuel Claridge	1919
date of death	Venmani S. Selvanather (6 July 1913 -- 14 October 1993) was the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Pondicherry and Cuddalore from 1973-1992 succeeding Ambrose Rayappan.	Venmani S. Selvanather	14 October 1993
date of death	Israel Eldad (Hebrew: ישראל אלדד) (11 November 1910 -- 22 January 1996), was an Israeli Revisionist Zionist philosopher and member of the pre-state underground group Lehi.	Israel Eldad	22 January 1996
date of death	Everard des Barres (also Eberhard von Barres or Eberhard De Bären) (died 1174) was the third Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1147 to 1151.	Everard des Barres	1174
date of death	Lloyd Hunter (May 4, 1910-month and date unknown, 1961) was an African-American trumpeter and big band leader from North Omaha, Nebraska.	Lloyd Hunter	1961
date of death	Flann Ó Tighearnaigh (IPA:(ˈfˠl̪ˠaːn̪ˠoːˈtʲɪjəɾˠn̪ˠiː)), Gaelic-Irish Lord, died 1273.	Flann Ó Tighearnaigh	1273
date of death	Percy Weston (27 March 1852 -- 30 June 1905) was an English amateur athlete who played for England in two of the unofficial football matches against Scotland in 1871 and 1872.	Percy Weston	30 June 1905
date of death	Larry L'Estrange MBE (12 November 1934 -- 29 March 2007) was a British soldier and London Irish rugby player.	Larry L'Estrange	29 March 2007
date of death	Baruch Epstein or Baruch ha-Levi Epstein (1860--1941) (Hebrew: ברוך הלוי אפשטיין) was a Lithuanian rabbi, best known for his Torah Temimah commentary on the Torah.	Baruch Epstein	1941
date of death	Kirkman Finlay (April 1773 -- 4 March 1842) was one of the leading merchants in Glasgow, Scotland.	Kirkman Finlay	4 March 1842
date of death	Vincenzo Jannacci (3 June 1935 -- 29 March 2013), more commonly known as Enzo Jannacci (Italian pronunciation: ((vintʃ)ˈɛntso janˈnattʃi)), was an Italian singer-songwriter, actor and stand-up comedian.	Enzo Jannacci	29 March 2013
date of death	Aquila Nebeker (1859--1933) was the president of the Utah Senate during its second term.	Aquila Nebeker	1933
date of death	Sir Brooke Boothby, 6th Baronet (3 June 1744 -- 23 January 1824) was a linguist, translator, poet and landowner, based in Derbyshire, England.	Sir Brooke Boothby, 6th Baronet	23 January 1824
date of death	Princess Deokhye of Korea (25 May 1912 -- 21 April 1989) was the last princess of Korea.	Princess Deokhye	21 April 1989
date of death	Geoffrey Barkas (born Geoffrey de Gruchy Barkas, 27 August 1896 -- 3 September 1979) was an English film maker active between the world wars.	Geoffrey Barkas	3 September 1979
date of death	Maharaja Hari Singh Dhillon (died 1764), was a Dhillon Jat, founder of Bhangi Misl was one of the most powerful, admired and famous of all the royal Sikh warriors of the 18th century.	Hari Singh Dhillon	1764
date of death	Lee Sun-Fung (born 10 April 1909 in Guangdong, China, died 21 May 1985) was a Chinese film director, writer and actor.	Lee Sun-Fung	21 May 1985
date of death	Jack Sirocco (1882 - 1954) was a New York gangster involved in labor racketeering and strikebreaking.	Jack Sirocco	1954
date of death	Hermann Ludwig von Balan (born 7 March 1812 in Berlin, died 16 March 1874 in Brussels) was a German diplomat who served as acting Foreign Secretary and head of the Foreign Office from 1872 to 1873.	Hermann Ludwig von Balan	16 March 1874
date of death	Prince Eugen of Bavaria (German: Eugen Leopold Adelaide Thomas Maria Prinz von Bayern) (16 July 1925 -- 1 January 1997) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.	Prince Eugen of Bavaria	1 January 1997
date of death	Henry Cadogan Rothery (1817 -- 2 August 1888) was an English lawyer and commissioner of wrecks (now known as the Receiver of Wreck), especially remembered for chairing the inquiry into the Tay Bridge disaster in 1879.	Henry Cadogan Rothery	2 August 1888
date of death	Antonio Manganelli (8 December 1950 -- 20 March 2013) was an Italian police chief, and head of Polizia di Stato from June, 2007, when he replaced Gianni De Gennaro.	Antonio Manganelli	20 March 2013
date of death	Richard Hageman (9 July 1881 -- 6 March 1966) was a Dutch-born American conductor, pianist, composer, and actor.	Richard Hageman	6 March 1966
date of death	William Harris Lloyd Roberts (31 October 1884 -- 28 June 1966) was a Canadian writer, poet, and playwright.	William Harris Lloyd Roberts	28 June 1966
date of death	Richard Dawson (born Colin Lionel Emm; 20 November 1932 -- 2 June 2012) was a British-American actor and comedian, and a game show host and panelist in the United States.	Richard Dawson	2 June 2012
date of death	Alexander Kerst (23 February 1924 -- 9 December 2010) was an Austrian television actor.	Alexander Kerst	9 December 2010
date of death	Sir Alexander Bannerman (7 October 1788 -- 30 December 1864) was a British merchant, vintner, politician and colonial governor.	Alexander Bannerman	30 December 1864
date of death	Lee Ki-poong (20 December 1896 - 28 April 1960) was a South Korean politician and Vice President.	Lee Ki-poong	1960
date of death	Ernest Collins (1851 -- 20 April 1914) was a British water supply engineer.	Ernest Collins	20 April 1914
date of death	Robert Munford III (1737-1783) was an American playwright, civic leader and soldier, having served under Colonel George Washington in the French and Indian War and later serving in the Revolutionary War.	Robert Munford III	1783
date of death	Nicholas de Balscote (died 1320 ) was an English-born official and judge in fourteenth-century Ireland: he achieved high office, but his career was ruined by a quarrel with King Edward II.	Nicholas de Balscote	1320
date of death	Śīlabhadra (Sanskrit; traditional Chinese: 戒賢; pinyin: Jièxián) (529--645) was a Buddhist monk and philosopher.	Śīlabhadra	645
date of death	Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (28 July 1676, in Gotha -- 23 March 1732, in Altenburg), was a duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.	Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg	23 March 1732
date of death	Richard Arthur (25 October 1865 -- 21 May 1932) was an Australian politician, social reformer and medical practitioner.	Richard Arthur	21 May 1932
date of death	Mahmud Mahmud (Persian: محمود محمود‎‎; 1881--1965) was an Iranian politician and historian.	Mahmud Mahmud	1965
date of death	Martin McQuade (19 October 1894 -- 6 February 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Martin McQuade	6 February 1957
date of death	Laurence Harvey (born Laruschka Mischa Skikne; 1 October 1928 -- 25 November 1973) was a Lithuanian-born South African actor.	Laurence Harvey	25 November 1973
date of death	Cleph (also Clef, Clepho, or Kleph) was king of the Lombards from 572 to 574.	Cleph	574
date of death	Francisco de Mora (c.1553--1610) was a Spanish Renaissance architect.	Francisco de Mora	1610
date of death	Margaret Russell, Baroness Ampthill,GCVO, CI, GBE, DStJ (8 October 1874 -- 12 December 1957) was the daughter of the 6th Earl Beauchamp.	Margaret Russell, Baroness Ampthill	12 December 1957
date of death	Albert Titley (18 November 1918 -- 17 September 1986) was an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion, Port Vale, and Macclesfield Town in the 1930s.	Albert Titley	17 September 1986
date of death	Matteo de' Medici (9 May 1613 -- 14 October 1667) was the brother of Ferdinand II, Grand Duke of Tuscany.	Matteo de' Medici	14 October 1667
date of death	Pandit Puttaraj Gawai (Kannada: ಪುಟ್ಟರಾಜ ಗವಾಯಿ) (3 March 1914 -- 17 September 2010) was an Indian musician in the Hindustani classical tradition, a scholar who authored more than 80 books in Kannada, Sanskrit and Hindi, a music teacher and a social servant.	Puttaraj Gawai	17 September 2010
date of death	Sir Thomas Thwaites or Thwaytes (c.1435--1503) was an English civil servant, who was involved in the Perkin Warbeck conspiracy.	Thomas Thwaites	1503
date of death	Heinz Fenchel (1906--1988) was a German art director, who designed the sets for a number of films in Weimar Germany and Czechoslovakia.	Heinz Fenchel	1988
date of death	Karen Horney (/ˈhɔrnaɪ/; born Danielsen, 16 September 1885 -- 4 December 1952) was a German psychoanalyst who practiced in the United States during her later career.	Karen Horney	4 December 1952
date of death	Shalom Shachna (died 1558) was a rabbi and Talmudist, and Rosh yeshiva of several great Acharonim including Moses Isserles, who was also his son-in-law.	Shalom Shachna	1558
date of death	Lew Bloom (August 8, 1859 -- December 12, 1929) was an American vaudeville performer and stage actor who popularized the comical tramp character.	Lew Bloom	1929
date of death	Jonče Hristovski (Macedonian: Јонче Христовски); (Bitola, 1931 - Skopje, 5 April 2000) was a Macedonian singer and composer of folk music.	Jonče Hristovski	5 April 2000
date of death	Radu Gioan Bey (1613 Iaşi -- 1660), was a Prince of Moldavia.	Radu Gioan Bey	1660
date of death	Barnaba Tortolini (19 November 1808 -- 24 August 1874) was a 19th-century Italian priest and mathematician who played an early active role in advancing the scientific unification of the Italian states.	Barnaba Tortolini	24 August 1874
date of death	Joseph Bartlett Eastman (June 26, 1882 -- 1944) was a member of the Interstate Commerce Commission from 1919 until his death in 1944.	Joseph Bartlett Eastman	1944
date of death	Chinua Achebe (/ˈtʃɪnwɑː əˈtʃɛbɛ/, born Albert Chinualumogu Achebe; 16 November 1930 -- 21 March 2013) was a Nigerian novelist, poet, professor, and critic.	Chinua Achebe	21 March 2013
date of death	Johannes Fedé (also Jean Sohier) (c. 1415 -- 1477?) was a French composer of the early Renaissance.	Johannes Fedé	1477
date of death	Reid Miles (4 July 1927 -- 2 February 1993) was an American graphic designer and photographer best known for his iconic work for Blue Note Records in the 1950s and '60s.	Reid Miles	2 February 1993
date of death	Étienne Lucier (June 9, 1786 -- March 8, 1853) was a fur trader in the Pacific Northwest.	Étienne Lucier	1853
date of death	Wei Gao (韋皋) (745 -- September 13, 805), courtesy name Chengwu (城武), formally Prince Zhongwu of Nankang (南康忠武王), was a general of the Tang dynasty of China.	Wei Gao	805
date of death	Dinanath Mishra (or Dina Nath Mishra, 1937-2013) was an Indian journalist and writer belonging to the Hindu nationalist movement.	Dinanath Mishra	2013
date of death	Bruno II of Isenburg-Braunsberg was the Count of Isenburg-Braunsberg from 1210 until 1255.	Bruno II of Isenburg-Braunsberg	1255
date of death	Arthur Cleghorn (1 December 1873 -- 7 May 1951) was an Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Cleghorn	7 May 1951
date of death	Bartholomaeus of Bruges (Barthélemy de Bruges) (died 1356) was a Flemish physician and natural philosopher.	Bartholomaeus of Bruges	1356
date of death	Ndugu M’Hali or Kalulu (ca. 1865 -- 28 March 1877) was an African personal servant and adopted child of the explorer and journalist Henry Morton Stanley.	Kalulu	28 March 1877
date of death	John Stratford, 1st Earl of Aldborough (c. 1691 -- 29 May 1777) was an Irish peer and politician.	John Stratford, 1st Earl of Aldborough	1777
date of death	Avraham Kalfon (Hebrew: אברהם כלפון‎, born 16 December 1900, died 4 July 1983) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1952 and 1955.	Avraham Kalfon	4 July 1983
developer	Dracula Unleashed is a 1993 video game created by ICOM Simulations and published by Viacom for the Sega CD, Apple Macintosh and DOS platforms.	Dracula Unleashed	ICOM Simulations
developer	MechWarrior Online is a free-to-play vehicular combat video game, officially launched during September 2013 by Piranha Games for Microsoft Windows.	MechWarrior Online	Piranha Games
developer	DJ Boy (DJボーイ) is a 1989 beat 'em up arcade game developed by Kaneko.	DJ Boy	Kaneko
developer	Underscore.js was created by Jeremy Ashkenas, who is also known for Backbone.js and CoffeeScript.	Underscore.js	Jeremy Ashkenas
developer	The Battle-Road is a vertical scrolling shooter racing arcade game released by Irem in 1984.	The Battle-Road	Irem
developer	Cosmic Chasm was a color vector arcade game created for the arcades by Cinematronics in 1983, but was originally a game created by GCE for the Vectrex home game system.	Cosmic Chasm	Cinematronics
developer	Windows Embedded Compact, formerly Windows Embedded CE and Windows CE, is an operating system subfamily developed by Microsoft as part of its Windows Embedded family of products.	Windows CE	Microsoft
developer	Football Glory (Fußball Total! in German-speaking countries) is a 1994 football video game developed by Croteam and published by Black Legend that became famous due to the many similarities with Sensible Software's Sensible Soccer.	Football Glory	Croteam
developer	Ninja Baseball Bat Man, known in Japan as Yakyū Kakutō League Man (野球格闘リーグマン Yakyū Kakutō Rīgu Man, ``Baseball Hand-to-Hand Fighting League Man''), is a 1993 beat 'em up developed and published by Irem Corporation in association with its North American division Irem America exclusively as an arcade game.	Ninja Baseball Bat Man	Irem
developer	Star Warrior is a 1980 science fiction role-playing video game written and published by Automated Simulations (later known as Epyx) for the Apple II, TRS-80, and Atari home computers.	Star Warrior	Epyx
director	The Watermelon is an independent feature film penned by Michael Hemmingson and directed by Brad Mays.	The Watermelon	Brad Mays
director	Lovers and Lollipops is a 1956 film directed and written by Morris Engel and Ruth Orkin.	Lovers and Lollipops	Morris Engel	Ruth Orkin
director	The Singer Not the Song is a 1961 British drama film based on the 1953 novel by Audrey Erskine-Lindop that was directed by Roy Ward Baker and filmed in Spain.	The Singer Not the Song	Roy Ward Baker
director	Fraud Saiyyan (English: Fraud Husband) is an upcoming Indian 2015 Bollywood Comedy film directed by Sourabh Shrivastava and produced by Prakash Jha, Disha Jha and Kanisk Gangwal.	Fraud Saiyyan	Sourabh Shrivastava
director	The Aroma of Tea is a 2006 Dutch animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit.	The Aroma of Tea	Michaël Dudok de Wit
director	The Dog and the Diamonds is a 1953 British family drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Kathleen Harrison, George Coulouris, and Geoffrey Sumner.	The Dog and the Diamonds	Ralph Thomas
director	Mum's Guest (Persian: مهمان مامان‎‎, translit. Mehman-e Maman) is a 2004 Iranian family comedy film directed by Dariush Mehrjui.	Mum's Guest	Dariush Mehrjui
director	The Pagan Queen is a 2009 historical drama film directed by German director Constantin Werner.	The Pagan Queen	Constantin Werner
director	I'll Be Right Over (Czech: Přijdu hned) is a 1942 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra.	I'll Be Right Over	Otakar Vávra
director	My American Uncle (French: Mon oncle d'Amérique) is a 1980 French film directed by Alain Resnais.	My American Uncle	Alain Resnais
director	Touchdown, Army is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Lloyd Corrigan and Erwin S. Gelsey.	Touchdown, Army	Kurt Neumann
director	That Forward Center Died at Dawn (Spanish: El centroforward murió al amanecer) is a 1961 Argentine drama film directed by René Mugica.	That Forward Center Died at Dawn	René Mugica
director	Silent Sunila (Kannada: ಸೈಲೆಂಟ್ ಸುನೀಲ) is an upcoming Indian Kannada language film based on the non-fiction book Thottikkutale Ide Nettaru written by Agni Shridhar, and directed by Duniya Soori.	Silent Sunila	Duniya Soori
director	Baby Face Morgan is a 1942 American comedy of errors crime film directed by Arthur Dreifuss.	Baby Face Morgan	Arthur Dreifuss
director	Meet Me in Montenegro is a romantic comedy film written and directed by Alex Holdridge and Linnea Saasen.	Meet Me in Montenegro	Alex Holdridge
director	Aux yeux de tous is a 2012 French thriller film written by Audrey Diwan and Arnaud Duprey and directed by Cédric Jimenez.	Aux yeux de tous	Cédric Jimenez
director	Boo, Zino & the Snurks (also known as Back to Gaya) is a 2004 German-Spanish CGI animated film directed by Lenard Fritz Krawinkel and Holger Tappe.	Boo, Zino & the Snurks	Lenard Fritz Krawinkel
director	A Morte Comanda o Cangaço is a 1960 Brazilian Western action film directed by Carlos Coimbra and Walter Guimarães Motta.	A Morte Comanda o Cangaço	Carlos Coimbra
director	To Save the City (Polish: Ocalić miasto) is a 1976 Polish drama film directed by Jan Łomnicki.	To Save the City	Jan Łomnicki
director	Rottenknechte is a 1971 East German five part television film directed by Frank Beyer.	Rottenknechte	Frank Beyer
director	Steam Above a Pot (Czech: Pára nad hrncem) is a 1950 Czechoslovak comedy film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Steam Above a Pot	Miroslav Cikán
director	Chilbeontong sosageon (Incident of the 7th Bamboo Flute) is a 1936 Korean film directed by and starring Na Woon-gyu.	Chilbeontong sosageon	Na Woon-gyu
director	Man and Beast (German: Mensch und Bestie, Serbian: Čovek i zver) is a 1963 CCC Film German-Yugoslavian war film directed by Edwin Zbonek.	Man and Beast	Edwin Zbonek
director	Ajantrik (known internationally as The Unmechanical, The Mechanical Man or The Pathetic Fallacy) is a 1958 Indian Bengali film written and directed by parallel filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak.	Ajantrik	Ritwik Ghatak
director	Big Man on Campus (also known as The Hunchback of UCLA and The Hunchback Hairball of L.A. in the United Kingdom) is a 1989 comedy film directed by Jeremy Kagan.	Big Man on Campus	Jeremy Kagan
director	A Warning (Výstraha) is a 1953 Czechoslovak drama film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	A Warning	Miroslav Cikán
director	Nishijapon (Bengali: নিশিযাপন, After the Night... Dawn) (2005) is a Bengali film directed by Sandip Ray, based on a novel of the same name by Narayan Gangopadhyay.	Nishijapon	Sandip Ray
director	Battle of the Bone is an 2008 Irish independent zombie film written and directed by George Clarke, and is claimed as Northern Ireland's ``first ever'' kung-fu zombie movie.	Battle of the Bone	George Clarke
director	Udaykal (Thunder Of The Hills) is a 1930 historical silent film co-directed by V. Shantaram and Keshavrao Dhaiber.	Udaykal	V. Shantaram
director	Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 pro-life documentary video directed, filmed, and narrated by Bernard Nathanson, with an introduction by Charlton Heston.	Eclipse of Reason	Bernard Nathanson
director	A Place for Lovers (French: Le Temps des amants, Italian: Amanti) is a 1968 French-Italian romantic drama film directed by Vittorio De Sica and based on the play Gli Amanti by Brunello Rondi and Renaldo Cabieri.	A Place for Lovers	Vittorio De Sica
director	The Busy Little Engine is a 2005 children's DVD written and directed by Desmond Mullen.	The Busy Little Engine	Desmond Mullen
director	Neon City (also known as Anno 2053 in Italy, Neonski Grad in Serbia) is a 1991 Canadian post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Monte Markham and written by Jeff Begun and Ann Lewis Hamilton, under the pseudonym Buck Finch.	Neon City	Monte Markham
director	Tuset Street is a 1968 Spanish musical film directed by Jorge Grau and Luis Marquina and starring Sara Montiel, Patrick Bauchau and Teresa Gimpera.	Tuset Street	Jorge Grau
director	Animals United (German: Konferenz der Tiere) is a 2010 German 3D computer animated comedy adventure film directed and produced by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe.	Animals United	Holger Tappe
director	Daughters of Destiny (UK title: Love, Soldiers and Women, French title: Destinées and Italian title: Destini di donne) is a 1954 Franco-Italian co-production motion picture comedy drama directed by Marcello Pagliero, Jean Delannoy and Christian-Jaque.	Daughters of Destiny	Marcello Pagliero	Jean Delannoy	Christian-Jaque
director	Feathers in the Wind (Hangul: 깃; RR: Git) is a 2004 South Korean film directed by Song Il-gon.	Feathers in the Wind	Song Il-gon
director	Deergha Sumangali (Kannada: ದೀರ್ಘ ಸುಮಂಗಲಿ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada film, directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by D. R. Umashankari and R. Venkata Raju.	Deergha Sumangali	D. Rajendra Babu
director	Hey Rube! is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.	Hey Rube!	George B. Seitz
director	Badou Boy is a 1970 Senegalese short film, directed by Djibril Diop Mambéty.	Badou Boy	Djibril Diop Mambéty
director	3 Dots is a 2013 Malayalam musical drama film directed by Sugeeth.	3 Dots	Sugeeth
director	Forgotten Bird of Paradise is a 2009 multi-award winning documentary film directed by British filmmaker Dominic Brown, about the struggle for independence being fought in the Indonesian region of West Papua.	Forgotten Bird of Paradise	Dominic Brown
director	En el nombre del hijo (In the Name of the Son) is a 1987 Argentine movie written and directed by Jorge Polaco.	En el nombre del hijo	Jorge Polaco
director	Mis cinco hijos is a 1948 Argentine film, direceted by Orestes Caviglia and Bernardo Spoliansky and written by Nathán Pinzón and Ricardo Setaro.	Mis cinco hijos	Orestes Caviglia
director	Welcome to Arrow Beach is a 1974 film starring and directed by Laurence Harvey.	Welcome to Arrow Beach	Laurence Harvey
director	Siin me oleme! (Estonian; English: Here we are!) is an Estonian movie of 1979, written and directed by Sulev Nõmmik.	Siin me oleme!	Sulev Nõmmik
director	Trail of the Vigilantes is a 1940 75-minute black-and-white Western comedy directed by Allan Dwan, written by Harold Shumate, and featuring Franchot Tone, Warren William, Broderick Crawford and Andy Devine.	Trail of the Vigilantes	Allan Dwan
director	Lapin kullan kimallus (Finnish for The glitter of Lappish gold) is a 1999 Finnish movie, directed by Åke Lindman.	Lapin kullan kimallus	Åke Lindman
director	Hunting of Fools (Hangul: 바보사냥; RR: Babo sanyang) is a 1984 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Hunting of Fools	Kim Ki-young
director	Town Tamer is a 1965 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Frank Gruber.	Town Tamer	Lesley Selander
director	Naayika ( Malayalam: നായിക, English: Heroine ) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by Jayaraj.	Naayika	Jayaraj
director	Grete Minde is a 1977 Austrian-German drama film based on the novel by Theodor Fontane and directed by Heidi Genée.	Grete Minde	Heidi Genée
director	Social Briars is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film distributed by Mutual Film and directed by Henry King.	Social Briars	Henry King
director	Giro City is a 1982 British drama film written and directed by Karl Francis and starring Glenda Jackson, Jon Finch and Kenneth Colley.	Giro City	Karl Francis
director	Discovered by Alex Gordon as an unproduced screenplay by Hollywood writer Frank Quattrocchi, The Projected Man was directed by Ian Curteis; it would be the first theatrical film that he would direct.	The Projected Man	Ian Curteis
director	The Reckless Hour is a 1931 Pre-Code film directed by John Francis Dillon and produced and distributed by First National Pictures.	The Reckless Hour	John Francis Dillon
director	Jari Bidda Jana (Kannada: ಜಾರಿ ಬಿದ್ದ ಜಾಣ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by J. Chandulal Jain, B. Deepak Chand, Naveenchand Shah and A. Krishnamurthy.	Jari Bidda Jana	Y. R. Swamy
director	4 Minute Mile is a 2014 film directed by Charles-Olivier Michaud, and written by Josh Campbell and Jeff Van Wie.	4 Minute Mile	Charles-Olivier Michaud
director	Hercules and the Princess of Troy is a 1965 Italian fantasy film adventure directed by Albert Band.	Hercules and the Princess of Troy	Albert Band
director	The Indians Are Still Far Away (French: Les Indiens sont encore loin) is a 1977 Swiss drama film directed by Patricia Moraz.	The Indians Are Still Far Away	Patricia Moraz
director	A Girl Named Tamiko (1962) is a drama film directed by John Sturges, filmed in Technicolor and Panavision, and released by Paramount Pictures.	A Girl Named Tamiko	John Sturges
director	Budtameez (English: Insolent) is a 1966 Bollywood film produced by Jagdish Varma and directed by Manmohan Desai.	Budtameez	Manmohan Desai
director	I Married a Strange Person! is an American animated fantasy-black comedy feature film by Bill Plympton about a man who can transform people and objects using the power of his mind, and how a U.S. media conglomerate wishes to harness this power.	I Married a Strange Person!	Bill Plympton
director	The Zero Years is a 2005 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis, his final film.	The Zero Years	Nikos Nikolaidis
director	A Temporary Vagabond is a 1920 British silent comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards, Chrissie White and Stephen Ewart.	A Temporary Vagabond	Henry Edwards
director	Now You See Love, Now You Don't is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Mabel Cheung and Alex Law.	Now You See Love, Now You Don't	Mabel Cheung	Alex Law
director	Safed Haathi (English: ``White Elephant'') is an Indian Hindi film made by Tapan Sinha in 1978.	Safed Haathi	Tapan Sinha
director	That Hamilton Woman, (also known as Lady Hamilton and The Enchantress), is a 1941 black-and-white historical film drama, produced and directed by Alexander Korda for his American company during his exile in the United States.	That Hamilton Woman	Alexander Korda
director	Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar (translation: He who wins, is the king (Alexander)) is a 1992 Indian sports drama film directed by Mansoor Khan (who earlier directed Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak).	Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar	Mansoor Khan
director	Taste of Excitement is a 1970 British mystery film directed by Don Sharp.	Taste of Excitement	Don Sharp
director	What Happened to Harkness? is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Milton Rosmer and starring Robert Hale, James Finlayson and Brember Wills.	What Happened to Harkness?	Milton Rosmer
director	Dharmakshetre Kurukshetre is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Kunchacko and produced by Kunchacko.	Dharmakshetre Kurukshetre	Kunchacko
director	The Dangerous Flirt (also released as A Dangerous Flirtation) is a 1924 melodrama directed by Tod Browning, which is now considered to be lost.	The Dangerous Flirt	Tod Browning
director	Den opvakte jomfru is a 1950 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Den opvakte jomfru	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	I Won't Play is a 1944 American short drama film directed by Crane Wilbur.	I Won't Play	Crane Wilbur
director	Char Dervesh (Four Seekers) is a 1964 Hindi/Urdu action fantasy film directed by Homi Wadia for Basant Pictures.	Char Dervesh	Homi Wadia
director	Fool & Final (stylized as Fool N Final) is a 2007 Indian comedy caper film, directed by Ahmed Khan.	Fool & Final	Ahmed Khan
director	Gulabi Talkies is a 2008 Indian Kannada language film by acclaimed Indian director Girish Kasaravalli.	Gulabi Talkies	Girish Kasaravalli
director	Personal Maid is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Monta Bell and Lothar Mendes and written by Adelaide Heilbron and Grace Perkins.	Personal Maid	Monta Bell
director	Rajali is a 1996 Tamil language film directed by Velu Prabhakaran and written by R. K. Selvamani.	Rajali	Velu Prabhakaran
director	Visit to a Chief's Son is a 1974 film directed by Lamont Johnson.	Visit to a Chief's Son	Lamont Johnson
director	The Virgin and the Gypsy is a 1970 British drama film directed by Christopher Miles, based on the novel of the same name.	The Virgin and the Gypsy	Christopher Miles
director	Andamaina Anubhavam is a 1979 Telugu film is directed by K. Balachander.	Andamaina Anubhavam	K. Balachander
director	Men Who Save the World (Malay: Lelaki Harapan Dunia) is a 2014 internationally co-produced comedy film written and directed by Liew Seng Tat.	Men Who Save the World	Liew Seng Tat
director	Jiyan (Life in Kurdish) is a 2002 film written and directed by the Kurdish director Jano Rosebiani.	Jiyan	Jano Rosebiani
director	Trouble with Sex is a 2005 Irish drama film set in Dublin and co-written and directed by Fintan Connolly.	Trouble with Sex	Fintan Connolly
director	Before the Hurricane (translit. Qarishkhlis tsin, Burevestnik in Russian) is a 1924 Georgian black-and-white silent film directed by Kote Marjanishvili based on a script by Shalva Dadiani.	Before the Hurricane	Kote Marjanishvili
director	Aborto is a Bengali film released on 1 March 2013 and directed by Arindam Sil.	Aborto	Arindam Sil
director	Hitler Lives (also known as Hitler Lives?) is a 1945 American short documentary film directed by Don Siegel, who was uncredited.	Hitler Lives	Don Siegel
director	Aaj Ka Hindustan (Today's Indian) is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Jayant Desai and starring Rose, Prithviraj Kapoor, Ishwarlal, Sitara Devi and comedian Charlie.	Aaj Ka Hindustan	Jayant Desai
director	Executioners from Shaolin or Hung Hsi Kuan is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung.	Executioners from Shaolin	Lau Kar-leung
director	A Tough Winter is a 1930 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	A Tough Winter	Robert F. McGowan
director	The Wonderful Years (German:Die wunderbaren Jahre) is a 1979 West German drama film directed by Reiner Kunze and starring Gabi Marr, Martin May, Dietrich Mattausch and Christine Wodetzky.	The Wonderful Years	Reiner Kunze
director	King of Gamblers is a 1937 American low-budget gangster film directed by Robert Florey.	King of Gamblers	Robert Florey
director	Hrudaya Geethe (Kannada: ಹೃದಯ ಗೀತೆ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada romance film directed and produced by H. R. Bhargava.	Hrudaya Geethe	H. R. Bhargava
director	Cowboy Holiday is a 1934 American western directed by Robert F. Hill, produced by Max Alexander and Arthur Alexander for Beacon Productions and starring Guinn ``Big Boy'' Williams and Richard Alexander.	Cowboy Holiday	Robert F. Hill
director	Singing Behind Screens (Italian: Cantando dietro i paraventi) is a 2003 Italian adventure-drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi, loosely inspired to real life events of Chinese pirate Ching Shih.	Singing Behind Screens	Ermanno Olmi
director	The Live Ghost is a 1934 American short film starring Laurel and Hardy, directed by Charles Rogers and produced by Hal Roach.	The Live Ghost	Charles Rogers
director	Cat-Tails for Two is a 1953 (1961 Blue Ribbon Re-issue) Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Robert McKimson and written by Tedd Pierce starring Bennie the fat cat and George.	Cat-Tails for Two	Robert McKimson
director	The Golden Snake (Russian: Золотой полоз, tr. Zolotoy poloz) is a 2007 Russian fantasy film directed by Vladimir Makeranets.	The Golden Snake	Vladimir Makeranets
director	Különös házasság is a 1951 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti.	Különös házasság	Márton Keleti
director	The Ballroom of Romance is a 1982 film directed by Pat O'Connor, based on a short story by William Trevor.	The Ballroom of Romance	Pat O'Connor
director	The Gaunt Stranger (released as The Phantom Strikes in the US) is a 1938 British mystery thriller film directed by Walter Forde and starring Sonnie Hale, Wilfrid Lawson and Alexander Knox.	The Gaunt Stranger	Walter Forde
director	Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin, also known as Život a neobyčejná dobrodružství vojáka Ivana Čonkina, is a 1994 comedy drama film directed by Jiří Menzel.	Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin	Jiří Menzel
director	The Revolving Door is a 1968 American short documentary film directed by Lee R. Bobker and produced by Vision Associates.	The Revolving Door	Lee R. Bobker
director	Perdón, viejita is a 1927 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.	Perdón, viejita	José A. Ferreyra
director	Let's Go Native is a 1930 American Pre-Code black-and-white musical comedy film, directed by Leo McCarey and released by Paramount Pictures.	Let's Go Native	Leo McCarey
director	Lucky Jokers is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film written by Saju Kodiyan, directed by Sunil, and produced by D. Ramesh Babu under the banner of V. Ravichandran's Aascar Films.	Lucky Jokers	Sunil
director	The Sun Shines Bright is a 1953 American drama film directed by John Ford, based on material taken from a series of Irvin S. Cobb stories.	The Sun Shines Bright	John Ford
director	Melvin Goes to Dinner is a 2003 American film adaptation of Michael Blieden's stage play Phyro-Giants!, directed by Bob Odenkirk.	Melvin Goes to Dinner	Bob Odenkirk
director	Dancing Trees (Partners in Crime) is a Canadian drama thriller film directed by Anne Wheeler and written by Joseph Nasser.	Dancing Trees	Anne Wheeler
director	Ivan & Ivana is a documentary directed by Jeff Daniel Silva in 2011.	Ivan & Ivana	Jeff Daniel Silva
director	Até que a Sbórnia nos Separe (Portuguese for Til Sbornia Do Us Part) is a 2013 Brazilian animated dark comedy film directed by Otto Guerra and Ennio Torresan Jr, based on the play ``Tangos & Tragédias'', presented on stage since 1984.	Até que a Sbórnia nos Separe	Otto Guerra
director	Varalaru (English: History of GodFather) is a 2006 Indian Tamil action-drama thriller film written and directed by K. S. Ravikumar.	Varalaru	K. S. Ravikumar
director	Kumari Penn (Tamil: குமரிப்பெண்) is a 1966 Indian Tamil film, directed by T. R. Ramanna and produced by E. V. Rajan.	Kumari Penn	T. R. Ramanna
director	Scream of the Wolf is a 1974 television movie starring Peter Graves and directed by Dan Curtis.	Scream of the Wolf	Dan Curtis
director	The Perfect Circle (Bosnian: Savršeni krug) is a 1997 Bosnian film by Ademir Kenović set in Sarajevo during the siege of 1992-1996.	The Perfect Circle	Ademir Kenović
director	Jake Spanner, Private Eye is a 1989 American television crime film written and directed by Lee H. Katzin and starring Robert Mitchum and Ernest Borgnine.	Jake Spanner, Private Eye	Lee H. Katzin
director	Night Bus (Italian: Notturno bus) is a 2007 Italian noir-comedy film directed by Davide Marengo.	Night Bus	Davide Marengo
director	Gangway for Tomorrow is a 1943 American anthology film produced and directed by the Austrian-American John H. Auer, and originally known by its working title, An American Story.	Gangway for Tomorrow	John H. Auer
director	Women for Sale is a 2005 documentary by Nili Tal.	Women for Sale	Nili Tal
director	The Playgirls and the Vampire (Italian: L'ultima preda del vampiro) is a 1960 Italian horror film directed and written by Piero Regnoli.	The Playgirls and the Vampire	Piero Regnoli
director	Mazhakaaru is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. N. Menon and produced by SK Nair.	Mazhakaaru	P. N. Menon
director	Late Blossom (Hangul: 그대를 사랑합니다; RR: Keudaereul Saranghamnida; MR: Kŭtae rŭl Saranghapnida; lit. ``I Love You'') is a 2011 South Korean film written and directed by Choo Chang-min about the love story of two elderly couples.	Late Blossom	Choo Chang-min
director	Gnabagangal (English: Memories) is a 2009 Tamil-language drama film directed by M. Jeevan.	Gnabagangal	M. Jeevan
director	Nairu Pidicha Pulivalu (Malayalam: നായരു പിടിച്ച പുലിവാല്) is a 1958 Malayalam film directed by P. Bhaskaran and written by Uroob based on his own story ``Business''.	Nairu Pidicha Pulivalu	P. Bhaskaran
director	Brother Bernhard (German:Bruder Bernhard or Der Eremit) is a 1929 German film directed by Franz Seitz, Sr. and starring Vera Schmiterlöw, Walter Grüters and Will Dohm.	Brother Bernhard	Franz Seitz, Sr.
director	My Pal Trigger is a 1946 American Western musical film directed by Frank McDonald.	My Pal Trigger	Frank McDonald
director	Terminal Invasion is a 2002 science fiction TV movie directed by Sean S. Cunningham.	Terminal Invasion	Sean S. Cunningham
director	Sandhitha Velai (English: Time we met) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Ravichandran being his second film after his debut Kannethirey Thondrinaal.	Sandhitha Velai	Ravichandran
director	The Great Hypnotist is a 2014 Chinese mystery-thriller film directed by Leste Chen and starring Xu Zheng and Karen Mok.	The Great Hypnotist	Leste Chen
director	Love Letters of a Portuguese Nun (German: Die Liebesbriefe einer portugesischen Nonne) is a 1977 West German-Swiss movie directed by Jesús Franco and loosely based on the Letters of a Portuguese Nun attributed to Mariana Alcoforado.	Love Letters of a Portuguese Nun	Jesús Franco
director	Alarm Clock Andy is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Jerome Storm and written by Agnes Christine Johnston.	Alarm Clock Andy	Jerome Storm
director	Once I Loved a Girl in Vienna (German:In Wien hab' ich einmal ein Mädel geliebt) is a 1931 German film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Werner Fuetterer, Gretl Theimer and Ernö Verebes.	Once I Loved a Girl in Vienna	Erich Schönfelder
director	The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat is a 1974 American adult animated comedy film directed by Robert Taylor.	The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat	Robert Taylor
director	A Matter of Murder is a 1949 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Maureen Riscoe, John Barry, Charles Clapham, Ian Fleming and John Le Mesurier.	A Matter of Murder	John Gilling
director	Possessed II (艷鬼發狂) is a 1984 Hong Kong film directed by David Lai.	Possessed II	David Lai
director	My Life for Ireland (German: Mein Leben für Irland) is a Nazi propaganda movie from 1941 directed by Max W. Kimmich, covering a story of Irish heroism and martyrdom over two generations under the occupation of the British.	My Life for Ireland	Max W. Kimmich
director	Vehicle 19 is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Mukunda Michael Dewil, who also wrote the screenplay.	Vehicle 19	Mukunda Michael Dewil
director	Occupy Love is a 2012 documentary film about the Occupy movement directed by Velcrow Ripper.	Occupy Love	Velcrow Ripper
director	What's Your Husband Doing? is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and written by R. Cecil Smith based upon the play of the same name by George V. Hobart.	What's Your Husband Doing?	Lloyd Ingraham
director	Sixty Cents an Hour is a 1923 American comedy silent film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Grant Carpenter and Frank Condon.	Sixty Cents an Hour	Joseph Henabery
director	Embodiment of Evil (Portuguese: Encarnação do Demônio) is a 2008 Brazilian horror film by Brazilian film director José Mojica Marins.	Embodiment of Evil	José Mojica Marins
director	Centennial Summer is a 1946 musical film directed by Otto Preminger.	Centennial Summer	Otto Preminger
director	Rescued from an Eagle's Nest is a 1908 American silent action-drama co-directed by Edwin S Porter and J. Searle Dawley for the Edison film studios.	Rescued from an Eagle's Nest	J. Searle Dawley
director	Manorama Six Feet Under is a 2007 Indian thriller film directed and co-written by Navdeep Singh.	Manorama Six Feet Under	Navdeep Singh
director	Playin' Hookey is a 1928 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan.	Playin' Hookey	Robert A. McGowan
director	The Double Bed or Le Lit à deux places is a 1965 French and Italian film directed by Jean Delannoy and François Dupont-Midi.	The Double Bed	Jean Delannoy
director	Eddelu Manjunatha (Kannada: ಎದ್ದೇಳು ಮಂಜುನಾಥ, English: Wake Up Manjunatha) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by Guruprasad, and produced by journalist and director V. Sanath Kumar.	Eddelu Manjunatha	Guruprasad
director	The Errand of Angels is a 2008 American LDS cinema drama film directed and produced by Christian Vuissa who also wrote the screenplay.	The Errand of Angels	Christian Vuissa
director	Certificates of Death (German:Scheine des Todes) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Alfred Abel, Eva May and Iván Petrovich.	Certificates of Death	Lothar Mendes
director	Never Take No for an Answer (also known as Peppino e Violetta and The Small Miracle) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Maurice Cloche	Peppino e Violetta	Maurice Cloche
director	Cuibul salamandrelor, also known as Oil! and Oil - The Billion Dollar Fire, is a 1977 Romanian-Italian action film directed by Mircea Drăgan.	Cuibul salamandrelor	Mircea Drăgan
director	Pau and His Brother (Catalan: Pau i el seu germà, Spanish: Pau y su hermano, French: Pau et son frère) is a 2001 Spanish-French drama film directed by Marc Recha.	Pau and His Brother	Marc Recha
director	Gaanam is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Sreekumaran Thampi.	Gaanam	Sreekumaran Thampi
director	Bharatamlo Arjunudu (Telugu: భారతంలో అర్జునుడు) is a 1987 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by K S Prakash Rao on Prakash Studios.	Bharatamlo Arjunudu	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Love and Bruises is a 2011 French/Chinese drama film directed by Lou Ye.	Love and Bruises	Lou Ye
director	Desadanam (Malayalam: ദേശാടനം, English: Journey to wisdom) is a Malayalam feature-length film released in the year 1996 by the critically acclaimed director Jayaraj.	Desadanam	Jayaraj
director	Buckskin Frontier is a 1943 American action film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston and Bernard Schubert.	Buckskin Frontier	Lesley Selander
director	Dear Mr. Prohack is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland.	Dear Mr. Prohack	Thornton Freeland
director	Parched is a 2015 Indian drama film directed by Leena Yadav.	Parched	Leena Yadav
director	Squibs Wins the Calcutta Sweep is a 1922 British silent comedy film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour, Fred Groves and Hugh E. Wright.	Squibs Wins the Calcutta Sweep	George Pearson
director	Fat Pizza is an Australian film, based upon the stories and characters of the Pizza television series, created by Paul Fenech.	Fat Pizza	Paul Fenech
director	The Forbidden Trail is a 1923 silent film western written and directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Jack Hoxie.	The Forbidden Trail	Robert N. Bradbury
director	L.A. Plays Itself is a 1972 American experimental gay pornographic film, direct and produced by Fred Halsted.	L.A. Plays Itself	Fred Halsted
director	Raising Helen is a 2004 American comedy-drama film directed by Garry Marshall and written by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler.	Raising Helen	Garry Marshall
director	Mastram is a 2014 Bollywood ``fictional biography'' film directed by Akhilesh Jaiswal starring Rahul Bagga and Tara Alisha Berry.	Mastram	Akhilesh Jaiswal
director	Odds 777 is a 1932 Danish family film directed by George Schnéevoigt.	Odds 777	George Schnéevoigt
director	Rustlers' Roundup is a 1933 American Western film directed by Henry MacRae and written by Frank Howard Clark.	Rustlers' Roundup	Henry MacRae
director	The American Consul is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Rollin S. Sturgeon and written by Thomas J. Geraghty, Harvey F. Thew and Paul West.	The American Consul	Rollin S. Sturgeon
director	I tabù n. 2 is a 1965 Italian documentary film directed by Romolo Marcellini.	I tabù n. 2	Romolo Marcellini
director	For the Flag is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Lorimer Johnston.	For the Flag	Lorimer Johnston
director	Sweet Degeneration (Chinese: 放浪; pinyin: Fang lang) is a 1997 Taiwanese drama film written and directed by Lin Cheng-sheng.	Sweet Degeneration	Lin Cheng-sheng
director	Group Portrait with a Lady (German: Gruppenbild mit Dame) is a 1977 German-French drama film directed by Aleksandar Petrović.	Group Portrait with a Lady	Aleksandar Petrović
director	Company and the Crazy (Italian: La compagnia dei matti) is a 1928 silent Italian film directed by Mario Almirante.	Company and the Crazy	Mario Almirante
director	The Zero Boys is a low-budget 1986 action-horror B-movie, written and directed by Nico Mastorakis.	The Zero Boys	Nico Mastorakis
director	Youth of the Big City (German:Grosstadtjugend) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Harry Liedtke, Ida Wüst and Maria Paudler.	Youth of the Big City	Rudolf Walther-Fein
director	Asambhava (Kannada: ಅಸಂಭವ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by H N Maruthi and Venugopal.	Asambhava	D. Rajendra Babu
director	The Holy Lie (German:Die heilige Lüge) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Holger-Madsen and starring Otto Gebühr, Margarete Schlegel, and Paul Bildt.	The Holy Lie	Holger-Madsen
director	McDull, the Alumni (Chinese: 春田花花同學會; pinyin: chūn tián huā huā tóng xué hùi) is a 2006 Hong Kong live action/animated film directed by Samson Chiu.	McDull, the Alumni	Samson Chiu
director	Aalmaaraattam is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed P. Venu.	Aalmaaraattam	P. Venu
director	People Places Things is a 2015 American comedy film written and directed by James C. Strouse.	People Places Things	James C. Strouse
director	Wife Number Two is a 1917 American silent drama film feature directed and written by William Nigh.	Wife Number Two	William Nigh
director	Kiladigalu (Kannada: ಕಿಲಾಡಿಗಳು) is a 1994 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by Dwarakish and produced by M. K. Srinivasamurthy.	Kiladigalu	Dwarakish
director	The Bar at the Crossing (French: Le bar de la fourche) is a 1972 French adventure film directed by Alain Levent.	The Bar at the Crossing	Alain Levent
director	The Split is a 1968 film directed by Gordon Flemyng and written by Robert Sabaroff based upon the Parker novel The Seventh by Richard Stark (a pseudonym of Donald E. Westlake).	The Split	Gordon Flemyng
director	Canaries Sometimes Sing is a 1930 British romantic comedy film, directed by Tom Walls.	Canaries Sometimes Sing	Tom Walls
director	Duel for Gold (US: Huo bing ) is a 1971 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chor Yuen and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio, starring Ivy Ling Po, Lo Lieh, Chin Han, Wang Ping, Tsung Hua and Chen Chun.	Duel for Gold	Chor Yuen
director	The Midnight Game is a 2013 supernatural thriller film directed by A.D. Calvo based on the creepypasta of the same name.	The Midnight Game	A.D. Calvo
director	Lo chiameremo Andrea (also known as We'll Call Him Andrew) is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Vittorio De Sica.	Lo chiameremo Andrea	Vittorio De Sica
director	Uravai Kaatha Kili (Tamil: உறவைக்காத்த கிளி) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film, directed by Vijaya T. Rajendar and produced by R. Danalakshmi.	Uravai Kaatha Kili	T. Rajendar
director	A Saturday on Earth (French: Un samedi sur la terre) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Diane Bertrand.	A Saturday on Earth	Diane Bertrand
director	Anaachadanam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by M Raju Mathan.	Anaachadanam	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Gunmen's Blues is a 1981 independent short film written and directed by Eric Red.	Gunmen's Blues	Eric Red
director	The Stranglers of Bombay is a 1959 adventure/horror film directed by Terence Fisher for Hammer Films dealing with the British East India Company's investigation of the cult of Thuggee stranglers in the 1830s.	The Stranglers of Bombay	Terence Fisher
director	My Fighting Gentleman (also known as A Son of Battle) is a 1917 American silent historical drama film directed by Edward Sloman with the storyline by Doris Schroeder and Nell Shipman.	My Fighting Gentleman	Edward Sloman
director	The Little Convict is a 1979 Australian film directed by Yoram Gross based on an original story by Gross.	The Little Convict	Yoram Gross
director	Murder in the Library or Playthings of Desire is a 1933 American drama film directed by George Melford and starring Linda Watkins, James Kirkwood, Sr. and Reed Howes.	Murder in the Library	George Melford
director	Phone Swap is a 2012 Nigerian romance comedy drama film written by Kemi Adesoye, directed and produced by Kunle Afolayan.	Phone Swap	Kunle Afolayan
director	Images in a Convent (Italian: Immagini di un convento) is a 1979 sexploitation film by Italian cult filmmaker Joe D'Amato.	Images in a Convent	Joe D'Amato
director	Glimpses/Impressions is a film by Jean-François Pouliot for the Canadian pavilion at Expo 2010 in Shanghai.	Glimpses/Impressions	Jean-François Pouliot
director	Zander the Great is a 1925 silent drama film directed by George W. Hill, in his first directing role for MGM.	Zander the Great	George W. Hill
director	Yamagola or Yama Gola is a 1977 Silver Jubilee Telugu film directed by Tatineni Rama Rao and produced by cinematographer S. Venkataratnam.	Yamagola	Tatineni Rama Rao
dissolved or abolished	Principality of Kastrioti (1389--1444) was one of the most important principalities in Medieval Albania.	Principality of Kastrioti	1444
dissolved or abolished	The Joel-Rosenthal was an English electric car manufactured from 1899 until around 1902.	Joel-Rosenthal	1902
dissolved or abolished	The Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom (Burmese: ဟံသာဝတီ နေပြည်တော်) was the kingdom that ruled Lower Burma and parts of Upper Burma from 1740 to 1757.	Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom	1757
dissolved or abolished	Dutch Malabar, also known by the name of its main settlement Cochin, was the title of a commandment of the Dutch East India Company on the Malabar Coast between 1661 and 1795, and is part of what is today collectively referred to as Dutch India.	Dutch Malabar	1795
dissolved or abolished	Massive negative publicity about Birgenair and other discount flight organizers in Germany following the disaster mentioned below caused a sharp decline in reservations, and finally the company went into bankruptcy and closed later that same year, 1996.	Birgenair	1996
dissolved or abolished	The Principality of Regensburg (German: Fürstentum Regensburg) was a principality within the Holy Roman Empire and the Confederation of the Rhine which existed between 1803 and 1810.	Principality of Regensburg	1810
dissolved or abolished	Vrienden van het Platteland (UCI Code: VVP) was a Dutch UCI women's road cycling team that existed in the 2000-2008 road cycling seasons.	Vrienden van het Platteland	2008
dissolved or abolished	Both areas were conquered by Gruffydd ap Llywelyn in about 1055, but on his death in 1063, Morgannwg, the union between Gwent and Glywysing, was reconstituted.	Glywysing	1063
dissolved or abolished	Spanish National Liberation Front (Spanish: Frente Español de Liberación Nacional), better known by its acronym FELN, was a Spanish Republican antifascist opposition group based in Belgium and France active between 1963 and 1970.	Spanish National Liberation Front	1970
dissolved or abolished	Vickers was a famous name in British engineering that existed through many companies from 1828 until 1999.	Vickers	1999
employer	John D. Lowry (June 2, 1932 -- January 21, 2012) was a Canadian film restoration expert and innovator who founded Lowry Digital Images in 1988.	John D. Lowry	Lowry Digital
employer	Hillel Steiner is a Canadian political philosopher and is Emeritus Professor of Political Philosophy at the University of Manchester.	Hillel Steiner	University of Manchester
employer	Richard L. Daft (born 1964) is an American organizational theorist and the Brownlee O. Currey, Jr. Professor of Management at the Owen Graduate School of Management, Vanderbilt University.	Richard L. Daft	Vanderbilt University
employer	In 2003, Sieglinde Hartmann was appointed to a professorship for Medieval German literature at the University of Würzburg.	Sieglinde Hartmann	University of Würzburg
employer	Ulrich von Andrian is a German Immunologist and professor of Microbiology and Immunobiology at Harvard University.	Ulrich von Andrian	Harvard University
employer	Eörs Szathmáry (born 1959) is a Hungarian theoretical evolutionary biologist at the late Collegium Budapest Institute for Advanced Study and at the Department of Plant Taxonomy and Ecology of Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest.	Eörs Szathmáry	Eötvös Loránd University
employer	Professor Richard J. Finlay FRHistS is the current Head of the School of Humanities at the University of Strathclyde and the author of a number of books, particularly on the modern history of Scotland.	Richard J. Finlay	University of Strathclyde
employer	Andrew Heyward is a former President of CBS News, serving from January 1996 until early November 2005.	Andrew Heyward	CBS
employer	Wesley Alba Sturges (1893-1962) was a professor of law at the Yale Law School from 1924 to 1961, and served as dean of the law school from 1945 to 1954.	Wesley Alba Sturges	Yale Law School
employer	Lynn Kimsey is an entomologist, taxonomist, director of the Bohart Museum of Entomology and professor of entomology at the University of California, Davis since 1989.	Lynn Kimsey	University of California, Davis
employer	Roger Cotterrell is the Anniversary Professor of Legal Theory at Queen Mary, University of London and was made a Fellow of the British Academy in 2005.	Roger Cotterrell	Queen Mary, University of London
employer	Junot Díaz (born December 31, 1968) is a Dominican American writer, creative writing professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and fiction editor at Boston Review.	Junot Díaz	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Ernst-Ludwig von Thadden (born 1959, in Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany) is a German economist, professor and President (Rectorate) of the University of Mannheim since October 2012.	Ernst-Ludwig von Thadden	University of Mannheim
employer	Judy Illes, Ph.D., FRSC, FCAHS, is Professor of Neurology and Canada Research Chair in Neuroethics at the University of British Columbia.	Judy Illes	University of British Columbia
employer	Walter Pauk, Cornell University's reading and study center director, is author of the best-selling How To Study In College.	Walter Pauk	Cornell University
employer	Michael Newrzella (September 1967 -- June 27, 1993) was a German police officer and member of the GSG 9, the counter-terrorism and special operations unit of the German Federal Police.	Michael Newrzella	GSG 9
employer	John Domingue (born ca 1960) is a British academic, Professor at and Deputy director of the Knowledge Media Institute at the Open University in Milton Keynes., and researcher in the application of semantic technologies in the automation of the management and deployment of Web services.	John Domingue	Open University
employer	Caroline Elkins (born 1969) is a professor of history and African and African American Studies at Harvard University, and the founding director of Harvard's Center for African Studies.	Caroline Elkins	Harvard University
employer	David Laibman (born December 25, 1942) is Professor Emeritus of Economics at Brooklyn College and the Graduate Center, City University of New York.	David Laibman	Brooklyn College
employer	Fathali M. Moghaddam is an Iranian psychologist, professor of psychology at Georgetown University and director of Conflict Resolution Program, Department of Government, Georgetown University.	Fathali M. Moghaddam	Georgetown University
employer	Susan Goldin-Meadow is the Beardsley Ruml Distinguished Service Professor in the Departments of Psychology, Comparative Human Development, the College, and the Committee on Education at the University of Chicago.	Susan Goldin-Meadow	University of Chicago
employer	Jonathan Culler (born 1944) is a Professor of English at Cornell University; his published works are in the fields of structuralism, literary theory and criticism.	Jonathan Culler	Cornell University
employer	Barbara Scholkmann (born 1941 in Heidenheim) was professor of medieval archaeology at the University of Tübingen until her retirement in 2007.	Barbara Scholkmann	University of Tübingen
employer	William H. Goetzmann (July 20, 1930 -- September 7, 2010) was an award-winning historian and emeritus professor in the American Studies and American Civilization Programs at the University of Texas at Austin.	William H. Goetzmann	University of Texas at Austin
employer	His father, Richard Pipes, was a historian at Harvard University, specializing in Russia, and Daniel Pipes grew up primarily in the Cambridge, Massachusetts area.	Daniel Pipes	Harvard University
employer	Frank Kolb (born February 27, 1945 in Rheinbach, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German professor of ancient history at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen in Germany.	Frank Kolb	University of Tübingen
employer	Geoffrey Thorndike Martin (born 28 May 1934) is an egyptologist, Edwards Professor of Egyptian Archaeology and Philology Emeritus, University College, London, Joint Field Director of the Amarna Royal Tombs Project and fellow commoner of Christ's College, Cambridge.	Geoffrey Thorndike Martin	University College, London
employer	Carl Elmer Jenkins (born October 1, 1926) is a retired Central Intelligence Agency officer.	Carl Elmer Jenkins	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Babak Dehghanpisheh, born January 2, 1972, is Newsweek magazine's Baghdad Bureau Chief.	Babak Dehghanpisheh	Newsweek
employer	Gurnee Munn ( 1887 - May 7, 1960) was a businessman, president of the American Totalisator Company and former member of the New York Stock Exchange who was the ex-husband of heiress Marie Louise Wanamaker.	Gurnee Munn	American Totalisator
employer	Nake M. Kamrany Ph.D., J.D. (August 29, 1934, Kabul, Afghanistan) is a professor at the University of Southern California and Afghan-American economist.	Nake M. Kamrany	University of Southern California
employer	Abeer Hamza (Arabic: عبير حمزة‎) is a scholar and lecturer of Modern Standard Arabic and Egyptian Arabic in the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Abeer Hamza	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Katheryn Russell-Brown (born Katheryn K. Russell, September 17, 1961) is a professor of law and director of the Center for the Study of Race and Race Relations at University of Florida's Fredric G. Levin College of Law.	Katheryn Russell-Brown	University of Florida
employer	Piet Gros (born July 31, 1962 in Dokkum) is a Dutch chemist and professor biomacromolecular crystallography at Utrecht University.	Piet Gros	Utrecht University
employer	Rosemary Ashton OBE, FBA (born 11 April 1947) is Quain Professor of English Language and Literature at University College London.	Rosemary Ashton	University College London
employer	John F. Haught is a Distinguished Research Professor at Georgetown University.	John F. Haught	Georgetown University
employer	Francis J. Banfield (December 1827 -- March 4, 1883) was an American soldier, law enforcement officer, police sergeant and founding member of the New York City Police Department ``Steamboat Squad''.	Francis J. Banfield	New York City Police Department
employer	Horst Steinmann (born 17 July 1934 in Bad Salzuflen, Lippe, Germany) is a German economist and professor emeritus of management economics and business administration at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg.	Horst Steinmann	University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
employer	Alan J. Hawkins (born July 8, 1955) is a professor in the Brigham Young University (BYU) School of Family Life, a division of the university's College of Home Family and Social Sciences.	Alan J. Hawkins	Brigham Young University
employer	Ossian Everett Mills (February 16, 1856 -- December 26, 1920) was the founder of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity of America Inc., which was founded at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, on October 6, 1898.	Ossian Everett Mills	New England Conservatory
employer	Marc Snir holds a Michael Faiman and Saburo Muroga Professorship in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and has a courtesy appointment in the Graduate School of Library and Information Science.	Marc Snir	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Jean-Marie Dufour (born 1949) is an economist and statistician from Quebec who teaches at McGill University.	Jean-Marie Dufour	McGill University
employer	Rosita Baltazar (1960--2015) was a Belizean choreographer, dancer, dance instructor and founding assistant director of the Belize National Dance Company.	Rosita Baltazar	Belize National Dance Company
employer	Michale Fee is faculty in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and an Investigator in the McGovern Institute for Brain Research.	Michale Fee	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Rufus Carrollton Harris (January 2, 1896 -- August 18, 1988) was the president of Tulane University from 1937--1959 and the 12th dean of the Tulane University Law School, from 1927--1937.	Rufus Carrollton Harris	Tulane University
employer	Noel C. Gardner is an American psychiatrist who is a professor at the University of Utah and was a key witness in the state competency hearing for Brian David Mitchell.	Noel C. Gardner	University of Utah
employer	Mike Jetten (born 1962) is a Dutch professor of Microbiology at the Radboud University Nijmegen.	Mike Jetten	Radboud University Nijmegen
employer	Margaret J. M. Ezell is a Distinguished Professor at Texas A&M University and the Sara and John Lindsey Chair of Liberal Arts.	Margaret J. M. Ezell	Texas A&M University
employer	Peter Stuhlmacher (born 18 January 1932 in Leipzig) is Protestant theologian, professor emeritus of New Testament studies at the University of Tübingen.	Peter Stuhlmacher	University of Tübingen
employer	George Modelski (born January 9, 1926 Poznań, as Jerzy Modelski; - February 21, 2014) was Professor of Political science Emeritus in the University of Washington.	George Modelski	University of Washington
employer	Richard Belluzzo (often known as Rick Belluzzo) (born November 26, 1953) is an American businessman who worked as an executive at Hewlett-Packard, SGI, and Microsoft before becoming CEO of Quantum Corp. in 2002.	Richard Belluzzo	Microsoft
employer	Hugh Darwen is a computer scientist who was an employee of IBM United Kingdom from 1967 to 2004, and has been involved in the history of the relational model.	Hugh Darwen	IBM
employer	Bernard Waldman (October 12, 1913 -- November 1, 1986) was an American physicist who flew on the Hiroshima atomic bombing mission as a cameraman during World War II. A graduate of New York University, joined the faculty of the University of Notre Dame in 1938.	Bernard Waldman	University of Notre Dame
employer	Amira Hass (Hebrew: עמירה הס‎; born 28 June 1956) is an Israeli journalist and author, mostly known for her columns in the daily newspaper Haaretz.	Amira Hass	Haaretz
employer	Elizabeth Bates (July 26, 1947 -- December 13, 2003) was a Professor of psychology and cognitive science at the University of California, San Diego.	Elizabeth Bates	University of California, San Diego
employer	From 1951 till 1978 Michael Landmann was Professor of philosophy at the Free University of Berlin.	Michael Landmann	Free University of Berlin
employer	Joseph Deiss studied economics and social sciences for his first degree at the University of Fribourg.	Joseph Deiss	University of Fribourg
employer	Brent A. Barlow was a professor of marriage, family and human development at Brigham Young University (BYU).	Brent A. Barlow	Brigham Young University
employer	Isaac Ashkenazi (born 1957 in Israel) is an Israeli Professor of Disaster Medicine at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel and a consultant to Harvard University.	Isaac Ashkenazi	Harvard University
employer	Paul C. Adams is an Associate Professor and Director of Urban Studies at the Department of Geography and the Environment at University of Texas at Austin.	Paul C. Adams	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Daniel Gaudiello (born in Brisbane) is an Australian ballet dancer, principal artist with The Australian Ballet.	Daniel Gaudiello	The Australian Ballet
employer	Jerry Kirkbride is an American clarinetist, member of the Dorian Wind Quintet and Professor of Clarinet at the University of Arizona.	Jerry Kirkbride	University of Arizona
employer	Kazimierz Zakrzewski (November 4, 1900 in Kraków -- March 11, 1941 in Palmiry) was a Polish historian and publicist, a professor of the University of Warsaw.	Kazimierz Zakrzewski	University of Warsaw
employer	Miklós Ajtai (born 2 July 1946) is a computer scientist at the IBM Almaden Research Center, USA.	Miklós Ajtai	IBM
employer	A. Peter van Walsum (born 25 June 1934 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch diplomat who served as United Nations Secretary-General's Personal Envoy for Western Sahara.	Peter van Walsum	United Nations
employer	Alan T. Davies (born 1933) is an emeritus professor of religion at the University of Toronto, Canada.	Alan T. Davies	University of Toronto
employer	Hagen Kleinert (born 15 June 1941) is Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Free University of Berlin, Germany (since 1968), Honorary Doctor at the West University of Timişoara, and at the Kyrgyz-Russian Slavic University in Bishkek.	Hagen Kleinert	Free University of Berlin
employer	Cary Wolfe (born 1959) currently teaches English at Rice University.	Cary Wolfe	Rice University
employer	Coleman Barks (born April 23, 1937) is an American poet, and former literature faculty at the University of Georgia.	Coleman Barks	University of Georgia
employer	Max E. Youngstein (March 21, 1913, New York City -- July 8, 1997) was an American film producer who worked for United Artists, where he formed United Artists Music and United Artists Records.	Max E. Youngstein	United Artists	United Artists Records
employer	James S. Sutterlin (born March 15, 1922) is an author, an academic, and a former officer at the United States Department of State with rank equivalent to an Assistant Secretary of State, who also spent 13 years working in various capacities for the Secretariat of the United Nations.	James S. Sutterlin	United Nations
employer	Inman Harvey was a Senior Lecturer in Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence at the University of Sussex, he is now a Visiting Senior Research Fellow at the same University.	Inman Harvey	University of Sussex
employer	Jan Karski (24 June 1914 -- 13 July 2000) was a Polish World War II resistance movement fighter and later professor at Georgetown University.	Jan Karski	Georgetown University
employer	Annelise Riles is a professor of law and anthropology at Cornell Law School and Cornell University respectively.	Annelise Riles	Cornell University
employer	David Levering Lewis (born May 25, 1936) is the Julius Silver University Professor and Professor of History at New York University.	David Levering Lewis	New York University
employer	John S. Lewis (born June 27, 1941) is a Professor Emeritus of planetary science at the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory.	John S. Lewis	University of Arizona
father	Wittiza (Witiza, Witica, Witicha, Vitiza, or Witiges; c. 687 -- probably 710) was the Visigothic King of Hispania from 694 until his death, co-ruling with his father, Egica, until 702 or 703.	Wittiza	Egica
father	John Ross Ewing III (often referred as J. R. Ewing III in some countries) is a fictional character from American prime time soap opera, Dallas and the 2012 continuation series.	John Ross Ewing III	J. R. Ewing
father	Mubukwanu was a son of the Chief Mulambwa Santulu and grandson of Chief Mwanawina I. His younger brother was Chief Silumelume, successor of their father.	Mubukwanu	Mulambwa Santulu
father	Anna de' Medici (31 December 1569 -- 19 February 1584) was the third child of Francesco I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Joanna of Austria.	Anna de' Medici	Francesco I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany
father	Ariel Toaff is the son of Elio Toaff, late former Chief Rabbi of Rome.	Ariel Toaff	Elio Toaff
father	Sir Edward Butler, 1st Viscount Galmoye (d. 1653) was the son of Piers FitzThomas Butler and the Honourable Katherine Fleming.	Edward Butler, 1st Viscount Galmoye	Piers FitzThomas Butler
father	Ailsa Mellon Bruce (June 28, 1901 -- August 25, 1969), born in Pittsburgh, was a prominent socialite and the daughter of the banker and diplomat Andrew W. Mellon.	Ailsa Mellon Bruce	Andrew W. Mellon
father	Shaina Nana Chudasama (born 1 December 1972), better known by her abbreviated name Shaina NC, is an Indian fashion designer, politician, and social worker.	Shaina NC	Nana Chudasama
father	Ulla Lindström was the daughter of the right wing Nils Wohlin, Minister of Trade 1923--24 and Minister of Finance in 1928--29, and the piano teacher Gunilla Wohlin.	Ulla Lindström	Nils Wohlin
father	Rabbi Yehuda Leib Schneersohn (1811 - 1866) was a Ukrainian Habad Hasidic rabbi, the second son of Menachem Mendel Schneersohn, and founder and first leader of Kopust Hasidism.	Yehuda Leib Schneersohn	Menachem Mendel Schneersohn
founder	The International Opera Awards was founded by Harry Hyman, a UK businessman and supporter of opera, and John Allison, Editor of Opera Magazine.	International Opera Awards	Harry Hyman
founder	Started by Tarek Ben Halim in 2004, Alfanar is guided by the vision that building effective and sustainable civil society organisations will not only improve lives, but also transform communities across the Arab region.	Alfanar	Tarek Ben Halim
founder	The Documentary Film Movement is the name given to the group of British filmmakers, led by John Grierson, who were influential in British film culture in the 1930s and 1940s.	Documentary Film Movement	John Grierson
founder	The Toy Dolls formed as a quartet featuring vocalist Pete ``Zulu'' Robson; guitarist Michael Algar, also known as Olga (born 21 September 1962, South Shields, England); drummer Colin ``Mr. Scott'' Scott; and bassist Phillip ``Flip'' Dugdale.	Toy Dolls	Michael Algar
founder	Crazy John's was a mobile phone retail chain in Australia started by Turkish Australian businessman John Ilhan.	Crazy John's	John Ilhan
founder	Epitome Music Library (EML) was discovered, and then meticulously extracted from the mind of Ben Kopec.	Epitome Music Library	Ben Kopec
founder	Juan Torres de Vera y Aragón founded on April 3, 1588 San Juan de Vera de las Siete Corrientes (``Saint John of Vera of the Seven Currents''), which was later shortened to Corrientes.	Corrientes	Juan Torres de Vera y Aragón
founder	Skywalker Sound is the sound effects, sound editing, sound design, sound mixing and music recording division of George Lucas' Lucas Digital motion picture group.	Skywalker Sound	George Lucas
founder	Exit International was founded by Dr Philip Nitschke in 1997 after the over-turning of the world's first Voluntary Euthanasia law--the Rights of the Terminally Ill (ROTI) Act.	Exit International	Philip Nitschke
founder	AbbottVision is a British independent television production company, established in 2008 by the multi award-winning writer, creator and producer Paul Abbott.	AbbottVision	Paul Abbott
founder	Blue Origin is an American privately-funded aerospace developer and manufacturer set up by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos.	Blue Origin	Jeff Bezos
founder	Farrell's Ice Cream Parlour was started in Portland, Oregon, by Bob Farrell and Ken McCarthy in 1963.	Farrell's Ice Cream Parlour	Bob Farrell
founder	Benjamin Holt, who was later credited with patenting the first workable crawler tractor design, incorporated the Holt Manufacturing Company in 1892.	Holt Manufacturing Company	Benjamin Holt
founder	The Jathika Nidahas Peramuna (JNP) or National Freedom Front (NFF) is a political party in Sri Lanka was formed by the ten JVP parliamentarians led by Wimal Weerawansa, the breakaway group of Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna or JVP, started their political activities on 14 May 2008.	Jathika Nidahas Peramuna	Wimal Weerawansa
founder	Black Sparrow Books, formerly known as Black Sparrow Press, is a book publisher originally founded in 1966 by John Martin of Santa Rosa, California.	Black Sparrow Books	John Martin
founder	In 1965, American James E. Thompson (Jim Thompson) (then residing in Yokohama, Japan), recognized the need for an international moving service, so established Crown Worldwide Group.	Crown Worldwide Group	James E. Thompson
founder	In 1994 Marc Ewing created his own Linux distribution, which he named Red Hat Linux (Ewing had worn a red Cornell University lacrosse hat, given to him by his grandfather, while attending Carnegie Mellon University).	Red Hat	Marc Ewing
founder	Paul Hertzberg founded CineTel Films.	CineTel Films	Paul Hertzberg
founder	Post Carbon Institute was founded by Julian Darley (President) and Celine Rich (Executive Director) in 2003.	Post Carbon Institute	Julian Darley
founder	The Civitas Institute is primarily funded by the John William Pope Foundation, the family foundation of Art Pope.	Civitas Institute	Art Pope
founder	Nasir bin Murshid bin Sultan al Ya'Aruba (r. 1624-1694) was the first Imam of the Yaruba dynasty, elected in 1624.	Yaruba dynasty	Nasir bin Murshid
founder	One of the oldest American foundations, the Russell Sage Foundation was established in 1907 for ``the improvement of social and living conditions in the United States'' by a gift of $10 million from Margaret Olivia Slocum Sage (1828--1918), widow of railroad magnate and financier Russell Sage.	Russell Sage Foundation	Margaret Olivia Slocum Sage
founder	The Edison Manufacturing Company was a company organized in 1889 by the inventor and entrepreneur Thomas Edison that manufactured batteries, machinery and equipment, and also produced kinetoscope films.	Edison Manufacturing Company	Thomas Edison
founder	Leopard Capital is a Cayman domiciled frontier market investment group established in 2007 by current CEO and founder Douglas Clayton.	Leopard Capital	Douglas Clayton
founder	Ocado was founded in April 2000 by Jonathan Faiman, Jason Gissing and Tim Steiner, former merchant bankers with Goldman Sachs.	Ocado	Jason Gissing
founder	Shamrock Holdings is the firm founded as the Roy E. Disney family investment firm and the Disney family remains a key investor.	Shamrock Holdings	Roy E. Disney
founder	Imagine Entertainment, formerly Imagine Films Entertainment, is an American film and television production company founded in 1986 by director Ron Howard and producer Brian Grazer.	Imagine Entertainment	Ron Howard	Brian Grazer
founder	Weintraub Entertainment Group (WEG) was a film production company considered to be a mini-major studio founded by Jerry Weintraub.	Weintraub Entertainment Group	Jerry Weintraub
inception	MSG Metro Channels was a series of local-minded New York City cable networks which launched on August 5, 1998 and folded in late 2005.	MSG Metro Channels	1998
inception	Founded in Hawaii, U.S. in 1981, Verifone now operates in more than 150 countries worldwide and employ nearly 5,000 people globally.	Verifone	1981
inception	E. Remington and Sons (1816--1896) was a manufacturer of firearms and typewriters.	E. Remington and Sons	1816
inception	The Independent Post and Telecommunications Authority, (Dutch: Onafhankelijke Post en Telecommunicatie Autoriteit OPTA) was an independent Dutch government agency charged with enforcing Dutch law on telecommunication, post and cable TV services that operated between 1997 and 2013.	Onafhankelijke Post en Telecommunicatie Autoriteit	1997
inception	Christian Mistress is an American heavy metal band, formed in Olympia, Washington in 2008.	Christian Mistress	2008
inception	Japanese Used Motor Vehicle Exporting Association or JUMVEA is an organization that began on September 14, 1995.	Japanese Used Motor Vehicle Exporting Association	1995
inception	UK Records was a music label launched in 1972 by Jonathan King to distribute his own releases and those by some other artists.	UK Records	1972
inception	Founded in 1892, Zuger Kantonalbank is a universal bank, providing retail and corporate banking products mainly to the canton residents.	Zuger Kantonalbank	1892
inception	Silverline is from Brainerd, Minnesota, and formed in 2006.	Silverline	2006
inception	The Broadband Commission for Digital Development was established in May 2010 as a joint initiative by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).	Broadband Commission for Digital Development	2010
inception	The Pre New are a British electronic band formed in 2010 in London, UK.	The Pre New	2010
inception	Kvíabryggja prison (Icelandic: Fangelsið Kvíabryggja) is a prison in Iceland, established in 1954.	Kvíabryggja prison	1954
inception	Tatung Company (TWSE: 2371) (Tatung; Chinese: 大同股份有限公司; pinyin: Dàtóng Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a multinational corporation established in 1918 and headquartered in Zhongshan, Taipei, Taiwan.	Tatung Company	1918
inception	The Memorials is an American hard rock band from Berkeley, California that formed in December 2009.	The Memorials	2009
inception	The Alexander & Ilse Melamid Medal was established in 2002 by a gift from Ilse Melamid.	Alexander & Ilse Melamid Medal	2002
inception	University status was awarded by the Privy Council in February 2011, and UHI became the University of the Highlands and Islands.	University of the Highlands and Islands	2011
inception	Romans first came to the territory around the mid 2nd century BC. A war with Lusitanian tribes followed, from 155 to 139 BC. In 27 BC, the province was created.	Lusitania	27
inception	The Portugal Masters is a European Tour men's professional golf tournament which was played for the first time in October 2007.	Portugal Masters	2007
inception	The Freedom Socialist Party is a far-left socialist political party with a revolutionary feminist philosophy that emerged from a split in the United States Socialist Workers Party in 1966.	Freedom Socialist Party	1966
inception	The Dresdner Sezession (Dresden Secession) was a short-lived collaboration of German Expressionism founded by Conrad Felixmüller and his pupil Otto Dix in Dresden, during a period of political and social reform in the aftermath of World War I. The group's activity spanned from 1919 until its final collective exhibition in 1925.	Dresdner Sezession	1919
inception	The Ragbirds began in Ypsilanti, Michigan in 2005 and moved to neighboring Ann Arbor in 2007.	The Ragbirds	2005
inception	The Cambrai Madonna (or Notre-Dame de Grace) is a small c 1340 Italo-Byzantine, possibly Sienese, replica of an Eleusa (Virgin of Tenderness) icon.	Cambrai Madonna	1340
inception	The Broadside Boys are a folk band that formed in 2010.	The Broadside Boys	2010
inception	Menri Monastery was established in 1405 by Nyammé Shérap Gyeltsen (Wylie: mnyam med shes rab rgyal mtshan, 1356--1416) from Gyarong (Gyelrong), on the slope of Mount Shari Phowa (Wylie: shar ri pho ba) in Topgyel (Wylie: thob rgyal), Tsang.	Menri Monastery	1405
inception	The Security Institute was established in 1999 ``to enhance the professionalism and profile of the business of security.''	The Security Institute	1999
inception	The club was established in 1922 as Odra Wodzisław, then changed its name several times.	Odra Wodzisław	1922
inception	The car brand was founded in 1978 by Joop Donkervoort.	Donkervoort	1978
inception	The Franciscan Apostolic Sisters (F.A.S.) is a Roman Catholic religious congregation that was founded in the Philippines in 1953 by Father Gerardo Z. Filippeto, O.F.M..	Franciscan Apostolic Sisters	1953
inception	2005 - Demo 7`` 2006 - Nowhere to Run 2007 - Time Is the Enemy 2008 - Down to Nothing / 50 Lions EP 2009 - S/T 7'' 2009 - Where Life Expires 2010 - This Is Australia:	50 Lions	2005
inception	Lojinx is a British independent record label and music publishing company established in 2004 in South London, UK.	Lojinx	2004
inception	The Alexandrina Council was formed in 1997 by the amalgamation of the former District Council of Strathalbyn, the District Council of Port Elliot and Goolwa, and a portion of the District Council of Willunga.	Alexandrina Council	1997
inception	Poetry Records (www.poetryrecords.com) was founded in Nov. 2007 in Chicago by musician and music entrepreneur Chuxiao.	Poetry Records	2007
inception	18F's creation was announced by GSA Administrator Dan Tangherlini on March 19, 2014 with a mission to simplify the government's digital services, but no project-specific directive.	18F	2014
inception	Bieler Bros. Records was formed in January 2002 by brothers Aaron and Jason Bieler (ex-Saigon Kick).	Bieler Bros. Records	2002
inception	The Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL) was a professional indoor soccer league that played from 1993 to 1997.	Continental Indoor Soccer League	1993
inception	Before WJCB (WPXV-TV) signed on the air on May 29, 1989, WJCB and presumably Tidewater Christian Communications had a construction permit license for a television station on August 9, 1985.	WPXV-TV	1989
inception	Launched in 2010, Street League Skateboarding (SLS) is an international competitive series in professional skateboarding.	Street League Skateboarding	2010
inception	The American Philosophical Society (APS), founded in 1743 and located in Philadelphia, is an eminent scholarly organization of international reputation that promotes useful knowledge in the sciences and humanities through excellence in scholarly research, professional meetings, publications, library resources, and community outreach.	American Philosophical Society	1743
inception	The Matches is a United States-based pop punk band formed in 1997 in Oakland, California.	The Matches	1997
inception	Nationalist Left (EN, Esquerda Nacionalista in Galician language) was a Galician political party formed in 1992.	Nationalist Left	1992
inception	Founded on March 31, 2006 in Hong Kong, S4BB Limited is a privately held company.	S4BB Limited	2006
inception	Bongo Comics Group is a comic book publishing company founded in 1993 by Matt Groening along with Steve & Cindy Vance and Bill Morrison.	Bongo Comics Group	1993
inception	Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft was founded in 1872 by a group of five local shipowners who previously had all their steamboats built in England as most German shipowners did in the 19th century.	Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft	1872
inception	UAW Local 5810 was chartered in 2008.	UAW Local 5810	2008
inception	As the official Emerson Process representative in BC since 1972, NORPAC Controls provides project management, procurement, implementation, asset optimization, maintenance and repair.	NORPAC Controls	1972
inception	In 2010 the club was again reformed, this time under their previous name FC Alga Bishkek.	FC Alga Bishkek	2010
inception	Stockholm University of the Arts (Stockholms Konstnärliga Högskola) is a public university college created 1 January 2014 by joining the School of Dance and Circus, the University College of Opera, and the Stockholm Academy of Dramatic Arts.	Stockholm University of the Arts	1 January 2014
inception	Ensemble 360 is a British chamber music ensemble founded in 2005 by Music in the Round following the retirement of the Lindsay String Quartet.	Ensemble 360	2005
inception	The Beat Fleet, also known as TBF, is a band from Split, Croatia, founded in 1990.	The Beat Fleet	1990
inception	A Joseph Plateau Award was an accolade presented by the Flanders International Film Festival Ghent, first awarded in 1985.	Joseph Plateau Award	1985
inception	The Bridge University was founded in 2009 as a post-secondary college.	The Bridge University	2009
inception	Art Star Scene Studios or ASS Studios as it is commonly referred to as, is an American independent Motion Picture Studio founded by Courtney Fathom Sell & Reverend Jen Miller in 2011.	Art Star Scene Studios	2011
inception	Redtribe is an Australian video game developer that was co-founded in 2003 by veteran game developer and entrepreneur Chris Mosely and Samantha Robson.	Redtribe	2003
inception	The Singapore Fashion Festival is an annual event held since 2001 to 2008.	Singapore Fashion Festival	2001
inception	With the construction of the O. Dovzhenko Film Studios beginning in 1927, it was at the time the largest in the Ukrainian SSR.	Dovzhenko Film Studios	1927
inception	International Animal Rescue was established by John and Jo Hicks, and first registered as a charity in the United Kingdom in September 1989; in Goa, India in 1998; in the United States in 2001 and in the Netherlands and Indonesia in 2008.	International Animal Rescue	1989
inception	Dum Dum Girls are an American rock band, formed in 2008.	Dum Dum Girls	2008
inception	In 1976, the three brothers, Jens, Claus, and Per Resen Steenstrup pooled their expertise in advanced ultrasonic technology, and consequently RESON A/S was born.	RESON	1976
inception	Solidarity and Equality (Spanish: Solidaridad e Igualdad - SI, or simply SI) is a centre-left Argentine political party, founded in 2008 as a splinter from ARI.	Solidarity and Equality	2008
inception	Witchery is a Swedish blackened thrash/speed metal band, formed by former members of Satanic Slaughter in 1997.	Witchery	1997
inception	Kidrobot is a producer and retailer of designer toys, vinyl art toys and collectibles founded in 2002 by Paul Budnitz, specializing in artist-created toys and imports from Japan, Hong Kong, and Europe.	Kidrobot	2002
inception	In 2005, the first version of MuPDF with the new Fitz library was released.	MuPDF	2005
inception	The Billboard Icon Award was established in 2011 to recognize music singers and contribution.	Billboard Icon Award	2011
inception	Power Corporation of Canada was formed in 1925 by stockbrokers Arthur J. Nesbitt and his partner Peter A. T. Thompson.	Power Corporation of Canada	1925
inception	Founded on March 29, 1905, Tiro Federal was one of the founding members of the Rosario amateur league in 1907, which the team would win in 1920, 1925 and 1926.	Tiro Federal	1905
inception	Rationalist International was founded in December 1995 during the First International Rationalist Conference at New Delhi, with delegates from 28 countries.	Rationalist International	1995
inception	Fugue State Press (established 1992) is a small New York City fiction publisher, specializing in the experimental novel.	Fugue State Press	1992
inception	Brave Entertainment (Hangul: 브레이브 엔터테인먼트) is a South Korean record label, founded in 2008 by Brave Brothers.	Brave Entertainment	2008
inception	Vaakevandring was a Norwegian unblack metal band that was active from 1996 to 2007.	Vaakevandring	1996
inception	Radio 1212 or Nachtsender 1212 was a black propaganda radio station operated from 1944 to 1945 by the Psychological Warfare Branch of the US Office of War Information (OWI) under the direction of CBS radio chief William S. Paley, who was based in London.	Radio 1212	1944
inception	New Sinhala Heritage (Sinhalese: Nava Sihala Urumaya) is a Sri Lankan political party founded in 2006 by former United National Party member Sarath Manamendra.	New Sinhala Heritage	2006
inception	The Manfred Wörner Foundation is a Bulgarian not-for-profit non-governmental organization established on 20 October 1994, and registered in 1996.	Manfred Wörner Foundation	1994
inception	The Bund Deutscher Jugend (BDJ, English: League of German Youth) was a politically active German association with right-wing and anti-communist leanings founded in 1950.	Bund Deutscher Jugend	1950
inception	Anand Bhavan was donated to Indian government in 1970 by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, the granddaughter of Motilal Nehru and daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru.	Anand Bhavan	1970
inception	The Pakistan National Accreditation Council was formed in the year 1998, after Pakistan joined the World Trade Organization (WTO).	Pakistan National Accreditation Council	1998
inception	Budweiser Made in America Festival was founded in 2012 by American rapper, record producer and business mogul Jay-Z and his business associate, marketing mogul Steve Stoute, as a way to bring together music and culture.	Budweiser Made in America Festival	2012
inception	National Stonewall Democrats were a Washington, D.C.-based group affiliated founded in 1998 by U.S. Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts.	Stonewall Democrats	1998
inception	Gener8tor is an American startup accelerator, formed in 2012 by Dan Armbrust, Troy Vosseller, Joe Kirgues, Daniel Bader, Joel Abraham, and Jon Eckhardt.	Gener8tor	2012
inception	It was bought by Starwood in 1994 and is also the oldest brand within Starwood, dating back to 1930 and still continuing with it.	Starwood	1930
inception	Initiated by the Rotary Club of Mbabane-Mbuluzi in July 2004, the Sibebe Survivor hike follows a course from Mbuluzi High School to the top of the rock and back.	Sibebe Survivor	2004
inception	The name change from MEDUNSA to Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University (SMU) was one of the causes of the riots in August 2014.	Sefako Makgatho Health Sciences University	2014
inception	The CONCACAF Cup Winners Cup was an international association football club competition held from 1991 to 1998.	CONCACAF Cup Winners Cup	1991
inception	On 29 September 1961, the Ministry of Health issued Decision No. 828/BYT/QD to split Hanoi College of Medicine - Pharmacy into two schools: the Hanoi Medical University and Hanoi University of Pharmacy.	Hanoi University of Pharmacy	1961
inception	Officially founded on February 11, 1941, the HC Lugano celebrated its 60th year of life in the 2000--01 season.	HC Lugano	1941
inception	Meridiana Africa Airlines (Uganda) Limited, trading as Air Uganda, was a privately owned airline in Uganda from 2007-2014, which suspended its operations due to its air operator's certificate (AOC) being revoked by the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority (CAA).	Air Uganda	2007
inception	NU 107 first hit the airwaves on 31 October 1987, being one of two FM stations (the other being Power 105) that played the latest new wave and punk hits during that time.	NU 107	1987
inception	The New England Stars were a North Eastern Hockey League (NEHL) team based in Danbury, Connecticut who started play at the end of 2006.	New England Stars	2006
inception	Gdańsk Shipyard was founded in 1945 as a state-owned company, on sites of the former German shipyards, Schichau-Werft and Danziger Werft, both considerably damaged in the Second World War.	Gdańsk Shipyard	1945
inception	Inteligo began operations on May 1, 2001, and acquired 150,000 customers in the first 12 months of operations, achieving 54% aided brand awareness.	Inteligo	2001
inception	Formed in Essex, England in 2013, The Bohicas have released one studio album and have toured the world with acts such as Franz Ferdinand.	The Bohicas	2013
inception	Home to black guillemots and a Swedish National Park since 1926, freedom to roam at Blå Jungfrun is limited with visitors prohibited from staying overnight on the island or making fires.	Blå Jungfrun	1926
inception	Sinotrans Limited was incorporated in 2002 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2003 with Sinotrans Group as its controlling shareholder.	Sinotrans Limited	2002
inception	Years later, after many accusations from the international BM scene he stated in his website (www.nargaroth.de) that the genesis of Nargaroth was in 1996 after the band Exhuminenz, formed by himself, R.S., Charoon and Darken (not to be confused with Rob Darken of Graveland fame) split up.	Nargaroth	1996
inception	Latvian Association for Support of Disabled People (LASDP) is non-profit organization founded in 2010 and based in Riga, Latvia.	Latvian Association for Support of Disabled People	2010
inception	Itzehoer SV was established on 3 October 1909 as FC Preußen 1909 Itzehoe and renamed to SV Preußen 1909 Itzehoe in 1919.	Itzehoer SV	1909
inception	Metabolife 356, an ephedra supplement manufactured by Chemins, was initially marketed by Metabolife as a bodybuilding supplement, but in 1995 was rebranded as an aid for dieting.	Metabolife	1995
inception	Dongduk Women's University is originated from Dongwon Girls School, founded in 1950.	Dongduk Women's University	1950
inception	The company was founded in 1949 in Parsit by Heinz Kettler.	Kettler	1949
inception	Appliances Online was established in 2005 by John Winning who had worked in retail appliance industry for eight years.	Appliances Online	2005
inception	Mail Print was originally established in 1988 under the name ``Mail & More'' by Haver Danner.	Mail Print	1988
inception	CJLO started streaming online 7 days a week in early 2003, and the station began broadcasting by radio in the Montreal area on 1690 AM with 1000 watts of power in late 2008.	CJLO	2008
inception	The Devilrock Four are an Australian rock band formed in 2003.	The Devilrock Four	2003
inception	The history of the band that is currently named Tarakany! began in Moscow, Russia in 1991.	Tarakany!	1991
inception	21st U-boat Flotilla (``21. Unterseebootsflottille'') was a unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine before and during World War II. It was formed in 1935 as a Schulverband (``School Unit'') based at Kiel under the command of Kapitän zur See Kurt Slevogt (Chef des Schulverbandes).	21st U-boat Flotilla	1935
inception	The Albert Einstein Institution was founded in 1983 and operates out of a small office in East Boston, Massachusetts.	Albert Einstein Institution	1983
inception	Cricket Wireless was founded in 1999 by Leap Wireless International, Inc. On July 12, 2013, AT&T Inc. agreed to acquire Cricket's parent company Leap Wireless International for $1.2 billion.	Cricket Wireless	1999
inception	The Assam Kaziranga University (known as Kaziranga University) is a Private university established through the Assam Kaziranga University Act, 2012 created under Assam Private Universities Act 2007 in the State of Assam, India in the year 2012.	Kaziranga University	2012
inception	The Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology was established by Vijayalakshmi Palanisamy Charitable Trust in the year of 2008 in Coimbatore.	Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology	2008
inception	The Netherlands Photo Museum was founded in 1989, under the name Nederlands Foto Archief.	Netherlands Photo Museum	1989
inception	The Antarctic Place-names Commission was established by the Bulgarian Antarctic Institute in 1994, and since 2001 has been a body affiliated to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria.	Antarctic Place-names Commission	1994
inception	Second Motion Entertainment is a music business company founded in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in May 2008.	Second Motion Entertainment	2008
inception	Pocket Full of Rocks (PFOR) is an American band formed in 1995.	Pocket Full of Rocks	1995
inception	Tracta was a French car maker based in Asnières, Seine, that was active between 1926 and 1934.	Tracta	1926
inception	Established originally in 1955 as Buckingham Plant Hire, it incorporated in November 1987 as Buckingham Group Contracting Ltd. The company is now established as a Main Contractor undertaking major construction and civil engineering projects, run by managing director Paul Wheeler.	Buckingham Group	1987
inception	The PAGE International Screenwriting Awards competition was founded in 2003 by an alliance of Hollywood producers, agents, and development executives to discover and promote up-and-coming new screenwriters from around the world.	PAGE International Screenwriting Awards	2003
inception	The Philadelphia Civic Grand Opera Company (PCGOC) was an American opera company located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that was actively performing at the Academy of Music between 1950 and 1955.	Philadelphia Civic Grand Opera Company	1950
inception	The Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO) was an UFO research group started in January 1952 by Jim and Coral Lorenzen, of Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin.	Aerial Phenomena Research Organization	1952
inception	Pressure Point is an American punk band from Sacramento, California, formed in 1995 by Mike Erickson and Kenny Beasley.	Pressure Point	1995
inception	Davina and the Vagabonds is a jazz blues band based in the Twin Cities, Minnesota and formed in 2006.	Davina and the Vagabonds	2006
inception	Recipients of the Alba Bouwer Prize are: 1989 Freda Linde, Strepie en Kurfie (1987) 1992 Joint winners:	Alba Bouwer Prize	1989
inception	Salt Brook Academy is a Junior College, established in 1995, and located in Dibrugarh of Assam, India.	Salt Brook Academy	1995
inception	Erina Fair was opened as Central Coast Fair in 1987.	Erina Fair	1987
inception	FC Avangard Podolsk (Russian: ФК ``Авангард'' Подольск) was a Russian association football club from Podolsk, existed in 2001-2010.	FC Avangard Podolsk	2001
inception	In February 2011, TopTenWholesale co-sponsored the visit of Chinese Vice President, Xi Jinping, at the Pepperdine School of Business.	TopTenWholesale	2011
inception	Checkered Past Records is an American indie music record label established in May 1997 in Chicago.	Checkered Past Records	1997
inception	Cropped Out is an annual multi-venue music festival in Louisville, Kentucky, organized by James Ardery and Ryan Davis in 2010 to present independent bands and a general DIY scene in a smaller, more affordable setting.	Cropped Out	2010
inception	Votizen was founded by David Binetti, Jason Putorti, and Matt Snider in March 2010.	Votizen	2010
inception	Minerva Airlines (IATA: N4, ICAO: MTC, Call sign: Air Minerva) was an airline based in Italy, which was operational from 1996 to 2003.	Minerva Airlines	1996
inception	London United basketball club was formed in 2002 following a merger between two local teams, the Ealing Tornados and the North London Lords.	London United	2002
inception	Founded in 1966 (after operating as the Calgary branch of the University of Alberta since 1945) the University of Calgary is composed of 14 faculties and more than 85 research institutes and centres.	University of Calgary	1966
inception	Get Loaded in the Park is an inner-city music festival held on Clapham Common in London annually since 2004.	Get Loaded in the Park	2004
inception	It was effectively formed in 1916 by the splitting of the occupied German protectorate of Togoland into two territories, French Togoland and British Togoland, during the First World War.	British Togoland	1916
inception	In an interview with MMA Kanvas Kya Pate detailed what it is like to be the promoter of Australian MMA Since 2009 BRACE has staged 33 events in 8 cities over 4 Australian States.	BRACE	2009
inception	The British Handball Association was founded in Liverpool in 1967 by four Liverpool teachers Phil Holden, Chris Powell, Jeff Rowland and Andy Smith.	British Handball Association	1967
inception	The National University of Distance Education, known in Spanish as Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia (UNED), is a distance learning and research university founded in 1972 and is the only university run by the central government of Spain.	National University of Distance Education	1972
inception	China Drum are an English punk rock band from Ovingham in Northumberland active initially from 1989 to 2000, playing under the name The Drum beginning in 1999.	China Drum	1989
inception	The Born This Way Foundation (BTWF) is an American non-profit organization founded in 2011 by singer Lady Gaga and her mother Cynthia Germanotta.	Born This Way Foundation	2011
inception	Dove Medical Press is a privately held company founded in 2003 by Tim Hill, a former managing director of Adis International and five other founders.	Dove Medical Press	2003
inception	The ULTACH Trust (Irish: Iontaobhas ULTACH) is a charitable trust established in 1989 aimed at promoting the Irish language in Northern Ireland.	ULTACH Trust	1989
inception	The Cardinal Newman Society is an American 501(c)(3) tax-exempt, nonprofit organization founded in 1993 that is dedicated to what they claim is promoting and defending faithful Catholic education.	Cardinal Newman Society	1993
inception	Founded in 1986 FC Santa Coloma became the winning team of the first official edition of Primera Divisió in 1995.	FC Santa Coloma	1986
inception	Northrop Grumman Corporation is an American global aerospace and defense technology company formed by Northrop's 1994 purchase of Grumman.	Northrop Grumman	1994
inception	In 1905 Guglielmo's grandsons, Vittorio and Pietro Diatto, began Diatto-Clément, a cooperative venture making motor-vehicles under license from French manufacturer Clément-Bayard owned by industrialist Adolphe Clément-Bayard.	Diatto	1905
inception	Bond No. 9 is an American, New York-based perfume house launched in 2003 by Laurice Rahmé, as the first and only niche New York fragrance company.	Bond No. 9	2003
inception	The 204th Vukovar Brigade (Croatian: 204. vukovarska brigada) of the Croatian Army was a military unit of the Republic of Croatia that led the defence of the city of Vukovar during the 1991 Battle of Vukovar, in the Croatian War of Independence.	204th Vukovar Brigade	1991
inception	Lo-Fi-Fnk is a Swedish electropop-band formed in 2001 consisting of Leonard Drougge and August Hellsing.	Lo-Fi-Fnk	2001
inception	DYST was inaugurated by Pacific Broadcasting Systems in 1992 as Showbiz Tsismis Nationwide in Miag-ao, Iloilo in the southern part of Iloilo.	DYST	1992
inception	San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park was created as a marine national park to protect the fragile and important ecosystem of the San Lorenzo Archipelago by national decree on April 25, 2005.	San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park	2005
inception	BytesForAll was founded in July 1999 by Frederick Noronha of Goa, India and Partha Pratim Sarkar of Dhaka, Bangladesh.	BytesForAll	1999
inception	My Ticket Home is an American Nu metal/alternative metal band formed in 2008 from Columbus, Ohio.	My Ticket Home	2008
inception	In 2008 it was rebranded as Headstrong Games.	Headstrong Games	2008
inception	Imputor? is an independent record label founded in 1999 by Darrin Wiener (aka Plastiq Phantom) and Jordan Snodgrass.	Imputor?	1999
inception	Moox Live was a Norwegian television channel in 2006--2007 with user-generated content.	Moox Live	2006
inception	Snap Fitness is a privately owned and operated health and fitness club founded in 2003 by Peter Taunton.	Snap Fitness	2003
inception	Head Records was established in 2007, and as of 2015 has 6 stores.	Head Records	2007
inception	Harsco was founded in 1853 as The Harrisburg Car Manufacturing Company and became the Harrisburg Steel Corporation in 1935.	Harsco	1853
inception	The activities of the Süddeutscher Verlag began with the publication of the first edition of the Süddeutsche Zeitung on 6 October 1945.	Süddeutscher Verlag	1945
inception	The American Society of International Law (ASIL), founded in 1906, was chartered by the United States Congress in 1950 to foster the study of international law, and to promote the establishment and maintenance of international relations on the basis of law and justice.	American Society of International Law	1906
inception	Established in 1956, the University of Dallas is a private, independent Catholic regional university located in Irving, Texas that is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) and Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.	University of Dallas	1956
inception	Workers World Party (WWP) is a communist party in the United States, founded in 1959 by a group led by Sam Marcy of the Socialist Workers Party (SWP).	Workers World Party	1959
inception	The organization's first event, Full Force Fighting Vol. 1, was held on January 29, 2011 at the Paramount Theater in Denver.	Full Force Fighting	2011
inception	This station was assigned call sign KOUI on February 6, 2009.	KOUI	2009
inception	The Gers is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790.	Gers	4 March 1790
inception	Bosnia and Herzegovina National Badminton Championships are held since the year 2008.	Bosnia and Herzegovina National Badminton Championships	2008
inception	Fauve Software was founded in 1992 by brothers Fred and Richard Krueger.	Fauve Software	1992
inception	Viscom was founded in 1984 by Dr. Martin Heuser and Volker Pape.	Viscom	1984
inception	It was founded in 2012 under Decree No. 9089 as Phoenicia University International.	Phoenicia University	2012
inception	Excepter is an experimental music group from Brooklyn, founded in 2002 by No-Neck Blues Band member John Fell Ryan.	Excepter	2002
inception	Raww was a United States-based short-lived music group best known for their minor hit ``Don't You Try It'', released by Emergency Records in 1986.	Raww	1986
inception	in 2010, Harris decided to create his own vanity label and named it ``Fly Eye Records'' after his signature fly-eye sunglasses that he handcrafted himself, which feature on the cover of his 2009 alBum, Ready For The Weekend.	Fly Eye Records	2009
inception	Sree Saraswathi Thyagaraja College is an educational institution in Tamil Nadu, India, established in 1997.	Sree Saraswathi Thyagaraja College	1997
inception	Gideon Hillman Consulting, established in 2004, is an ISO 9001:2008 accredited company for the Supply of Specialist Supply Chain and Logistics Consulting and a corporate member of UKWA (United Kingdom Warehousing Association) as well as being a recognised member practice of the Institute of Consulting.	Gideon Hillman Consulting	2004
inception	Art Cologne is an art fair held annually in Cologne, Germany and was established in 1967 as Kölner Kunstmarkt.	Art Cologne	1967
inception	The station first took the callsign WLMN on August 23, 1991 and changed it to WWUZ on August 10, 1998.	WWUZ	1998
inception	Haunted Garage is a horror punk/heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1985.	Haunted Garage	1985
inception	The Vegan Awareness Foundation, also known as Vegan Action, is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization (FIN# 94-3224024) in Virginia, United States and founded in 1995.	Vegan Awareness Foundation	1995
inception	The police district was created in 2003 as a merger between the former Rogaland Police District and Stavanger Police District.	Rogaland Police District	2003
inception	In 2006, TakeLessons was launched to connect music and voice instructors with students.	TakeLessons	2006
inception	The Springfield Armory, located in the city of Springfield, Massachusetts, was the primary center for the manufacture of U.S. military firearms from 1777 until its closing in 1968.	Springfield Armory	1777
inception	Excelsior Editions is a trade imprint of SUNY Press that was started in 2008.	Excelsior Editions	2008
inception	The Hours of Maria d'Harcourt is an illuminated book of hours produced in 1415 in the German-Dutch border area of Guelders.	Hours of Maria d'Harcourt	1415
inception	Scotts LawnService was founded in 1998 with the acquisition of Emerald Green Lawn Care.	Scotts LawnService	1998
inception	Cinéaste One film organization was formed in 2012 after Rumman Zia's ``Cinema 101'' workshops became a regular feature of Alliance Francaise de Karachi (AFK) cultural activities.	Cinéaste One	2012
inception	The GB Amateur Boxing Championships is an amateur boxing tournament, founded in 2010, in which boxers from England, Scotland and Wales compete over a two-day period.	GB Amateur Boxing Championships	2010
inception	Darren Hayman & the Secondary Modern (2007, Track & Field) Pram Town (2009, Track & Field) Essex Arms (2010, Fortuna Pop!)	Darren Hayman & the Secondary Modern	2007
inception	Seventh Rule Recordings is a record label based in Portland, Oregon that formed in 2003 to release underground metal and noise rock.	Seventh Rule Recordings	2003
inception	The Wightman Cup was an annual team tennis competition for women contested from 1923 through 1989 (except during World War II) between teams from the United States and Great Britain.	Wightman Cup	1923
inception	The TV Guide Award was revived 1999--2001.	TV Guide Award	1999
inception	The Islamic International Arab Bank was established in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as a public shareholding company in accordance with the companies Law of 1989 and the company was registered in the Register of Public Shareholding companies under No. 327 on 30 March 1997.	Islamic International Arab Bank	1997
inception	In 1998, these activities were transferred to the newly founded SolarWorld AG, which went public on 11 August 1999.	SolarWorld	1998
inception	The Hargeisa Provincial Museum (HPM) was established in 1977 in Hargeisa, situated in the northwestern Woqooyi Galbeed province in Somalia.	Hargeisa Provincial Museum	1977
inception	Da Afghanistan Bank (DAB) is one of the leading & government recognized bank of Afghanistan which was established in 1939.	Da Afghanistan Bank	1939
inception	My Combat Channel was founded in late 2011 by Fabiano Iha, a prize-winning Martial Arts champion.	My Combat Channel	2011
inception	Universal Genève SA is a Swiss luxury watch company, founded in 1894 as ``Universal Watch''.	Universal Genève	1894
inception	Create International was formed in 1987 and now has centers in Australia, India, Thailand, Taiwan, and the United States.	Create International	1987
inception	Arcade Records was a British record company specialised in multi-artist compilation albums (often in the midprice or budget price ranges), founded in 1972.	Arcade Records	1972
inception	Top Cats is a Swedish rockabilly band formed in 2001.	Top Cats	2001
inception	Bad Blue Boys (BBB) were originally founded on 17 March 1986 in Split (Croatia), with members from different areas of Zagreb.	Bad Blue Boys	17 March 1986
inception	It was incorporated in 1995 as Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Ltd. It was renamed from Welspun Gujarat Stahl Rohren Ltd to Welspun Corp Ltd.	Welspun Corp	1995
inception	The Breaka Burleigh Pro is a surfing competition which has been held annually since 2010 in February at Burleigh Heads, Queensland, Australia.	Breaka Burleigh Pro	2010
inception	Angizia is an avant-garde gothic/folk metal band formed in Austria in 1994 by Michael Haas (also known as Engelke).	Angizia	1994
inception	The first Souplantation opened in 1978 in San Diego, California, where the company is headquartered.	Souplantation	1978
inception	Arc Dream Publishing is a small role-playing game publishing company founded in 2002 by Pagan Publishing veteran Dennis Detwiller and editor Shane Ivey after the release of their first roleplaying game Godlike:	Arc Dream Publishing	2002
inception	On 21 December 1991, Laughing Bird Caye National Park was declared.	Laughing Bird Caye	1991
inception	The Greenspond Historical Society and Archives, in Greenspond, Newfoundland and Labrador, began in April 1994 with the publication of the first issue of The Greenspond Letter.	Greenspond Historical Society	1994
inception	KVOB started as KQNS-FM in September 1988, then located on 95.9 FM with an ERP of 1.3 kW.	KVOB	1988
inception	Alitalia CityLiner was founded as Air One CityLiner S.p.A. in June 2006, as a subsidiary of Air One, with a brand new fleet of 10 Bombardier CRJ-900's.	Alitalia CityLiner	2006
inception	Hotel of the Laughing Tree is a Long Island based Indie Rock band that was formed in 2009.	Hotel of the Laughing Tree	2009
inception	BBPR was an architectural partnership founded in Milan, Italy in 1932.	BBPR	1932
inception	The Holiday Cup is a water polo competition held in the United States since 1998.	Holiday Cup	1998
inception	The True Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite) was a small Latter Day Saint faction which split from the Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite) in 1953 under its founder, Clyde Fletcher, and continued to exist until Fletcher's death in 1969.	True Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite)	1953
inception	The National Museum of Surveying was originally the Michigan Museum of Surveying, but in 2007, the museum moved to Springfield, Illinois to become a national museum.	National Museum of Surveying	2007
inception	Loening Aeronautical Engineering Corporation was founded 1917 by Grover Loening and produced early aircraft and amphibious aircraft from 1917.	Loening Aeronautical Engineering	1917
inception	INAC Kobe Leonessa is a Japanese football club from Kobe, founded in 2001.	INAC Kobe Leonessa	2001
inception	Talentvision TV is the first Mandarin channel in Canada and it first went on the air in 1993 (together with Fairchild TV).	Talentvision	1993
inception	The immediate predecessor of the Yabloko party was the electoral cartel Yavlinsky-Boldyrev-Lukin, formed for the legislative elections of 1993.	Yabloko	1993
inception	Zechs Marquise was an American psychedelic rock band, formed in El Paso, Texas in 2003.	Zechs Marquise	2003
inception	The Museum of New Art, better known as MONA is the first popup museum, founded in 1996 and run by artists since then.	Museum of New Art	1996
inception	Al Wifaq was established in February 1956 and stopped its activities the same year following the removal of the Jewish minister of Telegraphs (Dr. Benzaquen) and the sudden prohibition on Jewish emigration to Israel.	Al Wifaq	1956
inception	When under the regency of William I of Prussia from 1858 the Prussian policies of the ``new era'' turned towards a more centrist stance, a left-wing group under Max von Forckenbeck seceded and allied with members of the German National Association to form the ``German Progress Party'' on 6 June 1861.	German Progress Party	6 June 1861
inception	The Islamic Front for the Liberation of Bahrain (Arabic: الجبهة الإسلامية لتحرير البحرين) was a Shia islamist militant group that advocated theocratic rule in Bahrain from 1981 to the 1990s.	Islamic Front for the Liberation of Bahrain	1981
inception	The society was founded in 1836 as the Numismatic Society of London and received the title ``Royal Numismatic Society'' from Edward VII by Royal Charter in 1904.	Royal Numismatic Society	1836
inception	On August 1, 2007, at 5:00 a.m. CKOT 1510 made its move to 107.3 FM with the call letters CJDL-FM, to simulcast the AM 1510 signal.	CJDL-FM	2007
inception	In 1994, the venture was incorporated as Shuanghui Group.	Shuanghui	1994
inception	Zee News is an Indian news and current affairs channel founded in 1999 and is the flagship property of Zee Media Corporation company and a subsidiary of Essel Group.	Zee News	1999
inception	DNW&P was placed in receivership on May 2, 1912, and on April 30, 1913, was reformed as the Denver and Salt Lake Railroad, and finally the Denver and Salt Lake Railway (reporting mark D&SL) in 1926.	Denver and Salt Lake Railway	1926
inception	Fall Out Boy is an American rock band formed in Wilmette, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, in 2001.	Fall Out Boy	2001
inception	The University of Wales Press (Welsh: Gwasg Prifysgol Cymru) was founded in 1922 as a central service of the University of Wales.	University of Wales Press	1922
inception	Weird War was initially formed as an umbrella organization in 2001 to encompass disparate anti-authoritarian groups and to ``challenge the idiocy of the new epoch.''	Weird War	2001
inception	Betty Rides was founded in 1993 by designer and women's snowboard apparel industry pioneer, Janet Freeman.	Betty Rides	1993
inception	The company was formed under the name of ZIP Express and Logistics LLC in 2010 and was later rebranded as Parzel Express and Logistics LLC when it underwent a merger in 2011.	Parzel Express	2010
inception	The Panoramique des Dômes is a 5.2 km long rack railway that allows access to the top of the Puy de Dôme, in France, since mid-2012.	Panoramique des Dômes	2012
inception	The Sentencing Guidelines Council was a non-departmental public body of the United Kingdom government, created by s.167 of the Criminal Justice Act 2003.	Sentencing Guidelines Council	2003
inception	The station was assigned the WCSE-LP call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 21, 2002.	WCSE-LP	2002
inception	Guerilla Welfare was active between 1986 through to 1995, when Ruptash relocated to Chicago.	Guerilla Welfare	1986
inception	National Zoological Gardens of Sri Lanka (also called Colombo Zoo or Dehiwala Zoo) is a zoological garden in Dehiwala, Sri Lanka, founded in 1936.	National Zoological Gardens of Sri Lanka	1936
inception	Maloti-Drakensberg Park was established on 11 June 2001 by linking the Sehlabathebe National Park in the Kingdom of Lesotho and the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Maloti-Drakensberg Park	2001
inception	Percept Picture Company is an Indian film production company, established in 2002 and a division of Percept Limited, an entertainment, media and communications company based in Mumbai.	Percept Picture Company	2002
inception	The first Libre Graphics Meeting was held in March 2006.	Libre Graphics Meeting	2006
inception	Established in November 2004 as Gulf Finance House Commercial Bank with a paid-up capital of BD 30 million, Khaleeji Commercial Bank is a niche Islamic private bank, headquartered in the Kingdom of Bahrain and operating under a commercial banking licence granted by the Bahrain Monetary Agency.	Khaleeji Commercial Bank	2004
inception	When CocoWalk opened in November, 1990, AMC Cocowalk 16 Theaters was the center's first and only anchor.	CocoWalk	1990
inception	Founded in 1991 by Jean-Francois Ott, Ott bought his first hotel, the Mamaison Hotel Andrassy in Budapest, in 1999.	Mamaison	1991
inception	The South West Peninsula League is a league of football clubs in England, which was formed in 2007 from the merger of the Devon County League and the South Western League.	South West Peninsula League	2007
inception	PMTair was founded on 14 January 2003 and was owned by Progress Multitrade Co., Ltd. A certificate of airworthiness was issued by Cambodian Civil Aviation Authority on October 14, 2003.	PMTair	2003
inception	In April 2010, Simplilearn introduced a ``blended model'' approach to Project Management Professional (PMP) training, which employed a mixture of classroom and online training.	Simplilearn	2010
inception	Abigail's Ghost are an American rock band formed by former Berklee College of Music students, Kenneth Wilson and Joshua Theriot in 2003.	Abigail's Ghost	2003
inception	Delta Psi Epsilon was founded on January 16, 1999, by Founders Carla Griffith, Vila-Sheree Watson and Nicole Gardner.	Delta Psi Epsilon	1999
inception	Former Muslims United (sometimes abbreviated as FMU) is a group formed in October 2009 in the United States which seeks to protect former Muslims from persecution by those Muslims who believe that Sharia (Muslim religious law) requires such persecution.	Former Muslims United	2009
inception	The club was founded again on July 3, 2002 as Sociedade Esportiva Unaí Itapuã.	Sociedade Esportiva Unaí Itapuã	2002
inception	The Liberal Unionist Party was a British political party that was formed in 1886 by a faction that broke away from the Liberal Party.	Liberal Unionist Party	1886
inception	Three Fish was an American rock band formed in 1994 by Pearl Jam's Jeff Ament.	Three Fish	1994
inception	Cendana Education Foundation (Cendana for short) was established in 1958 by some of Indonesian employees of PT Caltex Pacific Indonesia in Rumbai District.	Cendana Education Foundation	1958
inception	Mathieu Gendreau and Pieter Van Dessel met at University of Westminster in London in 2000 and formed Plastic Operator in 2001.	Plastic Operator	2001
inception	The town of Taunusstein came into being on 1 October 1971 through the merger of the formerly self-governing communities of Bleidenstadt, Hahn, Neuhof, Seitzenhahn, Watzhahn and Wehen, whereupon Taunusstein was also given town rights.	Taunusstein	1971
inception	FC Smena-Zenit (Russian: ФК ``Смена-Зенит'') was a Russian football club from Saint Petersburg, founded in 2008.	FC Smena-Zenit	2008
inception	The Marsh Ecology Award is a prize awarded annually from 1996 onwards to recognise outstanding recent discovery or development which has had a significant impact on the development of the science of ecology or its application.	Marsh Ecology Award	1996
inception	Swell Daze is an American alternative rock band from Northern Virginia that was formed in 2011.	Swell Daze	2011
inception	BAE Batterien GmbH is a producer of lead acid batteries for automotive and industrial applications and is headquartered in Germany since 1899.	BAE Batterien	1899
inception	W. Haywood Burns Institute (BI) was founded in 2001 in San Francisco, CA, by James Bell, an attorney who represented incarcerated youth for 20 years.	W. Haywood Burns Institute	2001
inception	An independent museum, the Twickenham Museum is run by a registered charity that was first registered in 1993.	Twickenham Museum	1993
inception	Vio-lence was an American thrash metal band formed in 1985 in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Vio-lence	1985
inception	Chasing Gravity are a rock band from Brisbane, Australia, formed in 2003 as Elephant Mojo.	Chasing Gravity	2003
inception	Genesis Gaming Solutions is a United States casino gaming company founded in 1999 and headquartered in Spring, Texas.	Genesis Gaming Solutions	1999
inception	There was no open-age league in North Wales in 2011; but the North Wales Conference got off the ground in 2012.	North Wales Conference	2012
inception	The Royal Division of the Aachen-Düsseldorf-Ruhrort Railway (German: Königliche Direction der Aachen-Düsseldorf-Ruhrorter Eisenbahn) was a railway division controlled by the Prussian government that was founded in 1850 and taken over by the Bergisch-Märkische Railway Company in 1862.	Royal Division of the Aachen-Düsseldorf-Ruhrort Railway	1850
inception	For the 2009-10 season, the Tasmanian Roar have a naming rights sponsorship deal with local Tasmanian bakery chain Cripps Nubake.	Tasmanian Roar	2009
inception	The Canadian Medical Hall of Fame is a Canadian charitable organization, founded in 1994, that honours Canadians who have contributed to the understanding of disease and improving the health of people.	Canadian Medical Hall of Fame	1994
inception	Voxant was a privately held company which was founded in 2004 by investors from Longworth Venture Partners of Waltham, Massachusetts.	Voxant	2004
inception	The Prisoner of War Medal is a military award of the United States armed forces which was authorized by Congress and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan on 8 November 1985.	Prisoner of War Medal	1985
inception	Pictorialism in Canada initially centered on Sidney Carter (1880--1956), the first of his countrymen to be elected to the Photo-Secession.	Pictorialism	1880
inception	The County Championship Plate, also known as Bill Beaumont Division 2, was formed in 2005 as the County Championship Shield (a competition which is now played by tier 3 sides) - changing to its current name by 2010.	County Championship Plate	2005
inception	In September 2013, Databricks announced that it had raised $13.9 million from Andreessen Horowitz and said it aimed to offer an alternative to Google's MapReduce system.	Databricks	2013
inception	The Hong Kong Council of Social Service (HKCSS) (Chinese: 香港社會服務聯會﹝簡稱社聯﹞) is a council co-ordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong, established in 1947.	The Hong Kong Council of Social Service	1947
inception	ATN Punjabi 5 originally launched on September 15, 2010 as ATN JUS Punjabi, in partnership with American-Punjabi broadcaster JUS Punjabi.	ATN Punjabi 5	2010
inception	The San Francisco Silent Film Festival is a film festival first held in 1996 and presented annually at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco, California, USA.	San Francisco Silent Film Festival	1996
inception	Idiots of Ants formed in November 2006 and went on to perform and sell-out at the Edinburgh Festival in 2007.	Idiots of Ants	2006
inception	WVXF signed on in 1999 as a CBS affiliate.	WVXF	1999
inception	The Texas League Hall of Fame was started in 2004 to honor the stars of the double-A Texas League.	Texas League Hall of Fame	2004
inception	Reymersholms IK is a sports club located in Stockholm and was founded on 1 September 1899.	Reymersholms IK	1899
inception	The Research Turtles, also known as The Flamethrowers, is an indie music group from Louisiana who are known for southern rock Brit pop. They were formed in 2004 and have toured as both The Research Turtles and The Flamethrowers.	Research Turtles	2004
inception	The Ray Miron President's Cup has been awarded to teams from 2002 until 2014, when the league joined the ECHL.	Ray Miron President's Cup	2002
inception	Audiotistic Music Festival is a music festival that occurred annually from 1997 to 2003, and from 2009 to 2011.	Audiotistic Music Festival	1997
inception	Jonathan Cape was a London publishing firm founded in 1921 by Herbert Jonathan Cape.	Jonathan Cape	1921
inception	Royalmont Academy was founded in Cincinnati's Oakley neighborhood in 1996.	Royalmont Academy	1996
inception	The Homestead Harmonizers is a chorus created in response to a charter to operate a barbershop chorus in Beatrice, Nebraska issued on December 12, 1988 by the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barber Shop Quartet Singing in America, Inc..	Homestead Harmonizers	1988
inception	The Institute of Parliamentary and Political Law is a Canadian not-for-profit corporation, founded in February 2008.	Institute of Parliamentary and Political Law	2008
inception	The Students' Federation of India (SFI) is an independent student organisation in India, founded in 1970.	Students' Federation of India	1970
inception	Alamaailman Vasarat (translated: ``The Hammers of the Underworld'') is an avant-garde Finnish musical group formed in 1997.	Alamaailman Vasarat	1997
inception	The Golden Disk Awards (Hangul: 골든 디스크 어워드) is an awards show founded in 1986 that is presented annually by the Music Industry Association of Korea for outstanding achievements in the music industry in South Korea.	Golden Disk Awards	1986
inception	The 11th U-boat Flotilla (German 11. Unterseebootsflottille) was formed on 15 May 1942 in Bergen, Norway.	11th U-boat Flotilla	1942
inception	Orange Recordings is a record label that started in Chicago in 1997.	Orange Recordings	1997
inception	In 2005, Mandate Pictures was officially formed when the Los Angeles--based Senator International completed a management buyout from German indie giant Senator Entertainment AG. Joe Drake, Brian Goldsmith and Nathan Kahane became the sole proprietors of Mandate Pictures.	Mandate Pictures	2005
inception	Unchain is a Japanese rock band formed in Kyotango, Kyoto, in 1996.	Unchain	1996
inception	Meteorological Service of New Zealand Limited (MetService) was established as a state-owned enterprise in 1992.	MetService	1992
inception	TinyCo was co-founded by Suli Ali and Ian Spivey in 2009.	TinyCo	2009
inception	The Triad Foundation is a nonprofit foundation formed in 2003 as a spin-off of the Park Foundation.	Triad Foundation	2003
inception	Kids Love Lies were a London pop punk band from November 2007 to July 2010.	Kids Love Lies	2007
inception	TOCHKA.net is a horizontal portal developed in 2009 by Digital Ventures company, which is a part of System Capital Management Group.	TOCHKA.net	2009
inception	Little Brazil is a four-piece rock band that formed in 2002 in Omaha, Nebraska.	Little Brazil	2002
inception	The Autoworker Caravan started in December 2008 as a grass roots effort by auto workers to lobby Congress during the 2008 - 2009 auto-bailout proceedings on Capitol Hill.	Autoworker Caravan	2008
inception	Virgin Galactic was founded in 2004 by British entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson, who had previously founded Virgin Atlantic airline and the Virgin Group, and who had a long personal history of balloon and surface record-breaking activities.	Virgin Galactic	2004
inception	VC Recordings trading as Hut Records was a British record label brand which was started in 1990 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Virgin Records.	Hut Records	1990
inception	Founded in France in 1997 by its Polish-born president Michel Adam Lisowski, FashionTV is a widely distributed satellite channels in the world with 31 satellite and 2,000 cable systems.	FashionTV	1997
inception	The Sea Urchins were an indie pop band from West Bromwich, England formed in 1986.	The Sea Urchins	1986
inception	The Southwestern Krai consisting of three gubernias, the Volhynia, the Podolia and the Kiev Governorate, was supposedly incepted on January 22, 1832 when Vasily Levashov, was appointed the Military Governor of Kiev and the General Governor of Podolia and Volhynia.	Southwestern Krai	1832
inception	Coyle Field (FAA LID: NJ20) is a private-use airport established in 1938 and located five miles southeast of Chatsworth in Burlington County, New Jersey in the United States.	Coyle Field	1938
inception	Sosialdemokrater mot EU was active in 1993 and 1994, around the Norwegian European Union membership referendum, 1994 where a majority rejected the membership.	Sosialdemokrater mot EU	1993
inception	The Alberta Greens were formed in 1986 and received official party status on April 6, 1990.	Alberta Greens	1986
inception	Cine-Excess was originally part of the 2007 Sci-Fi-London film festival and was spun off in 2008 due to its popularity.	Cine-Excess	2007
inception	Middle Finger Salute began in 2005 by four friends aged 13 and 15 playing in a punk band.	Middle Finger Salute	2005
inception	Basutoland was a British Crown colony established in 1884 due to the Cape Colony's inability to control the territory.	Basutoland	1884
inception	The original Ahdut HaAvoda party was founded in Palestine in March 1919, while under British military administration, after a split in the Poale Zion party, which had established a branch in Ottoman Syria in 1906.	Ahdut HaAvoda	1919
inception	Nirvana 2002 was a Swedish death metal band active between 1988 and 1991.	Nirvana 2002	1988
inception	The Kevin Kline Awards were started in 2006, to recognize outstanding achievement in professional theatre in the Greater St. Louis area.	Kevin Kline Awards	2006
inception	Established in 1978 as the National Neurofibromatosis Foundation by Lynne Ann Courtemanche, RN, neurologist Allen E. Rubenstein, MD and Joel S. Hirschtritt, Esq., the organization changed its name to Children's Tumor Foundation in 2005.	Children's Tumor Foundation	1978
inception	Price Busters TV was an unsuccessful shopping channel in United Kingdom launched by entrepreneur Mark Klein in July 2006.	Price Busters TV	2006
inception	I-GO was established in 2002 by the Center for Neighborhood Technology as an independent 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization dedicated to creating and implementing new strategies that make urban communities more livable and environmentally sustainable.	I-GO	2002
inception	The Prix de Rome (pronounced: (pʁi də ʁɔm)) was a French scholarship for arts students, initially for painters and sculptors, that was established in 1663 during the reign of Louis XIV of France.	Prix de Rome	1663
inception	The Camerawalls is an indie pop band based in Manila, Philippines formed in 2007 by singer and guitarist Clementine, the main songwriter of the band and formerly of Orange and Lemons.	The Camerawalls	2007
inception	Avolar began operations on 7 September 2005 with a single Boeing 737-500 aircraft.	Avolar	2005
inception	Matthews, Wright & King was an American country music group formed in 1991.	Matthews, Wright & King	1991
inception	The Simon Wiesenthal Center (often abbreviated SWC), with headquarters in Los Angeles, California, United States, was established in 1977 and named for Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal.	Simon Wiesenthal Center	1977
inception	At the third, held in Dharamsala in 1990, it was decided that in order to organize and fund further dialogues and potential research programmes Mind and Life Institute (MLI) should be incorporated as a non-profit organisation in the USA.	Mind and Life Institute	1990
inception	Founded in London in 2011, the Hailo taxi service is available in 16 cities (as of December 2013).	Hailo	2011
inception	The Historical Association is a membership organisation founded in 1906 and based in London, England.	Historical Association	1906
inception	El sitio is a Latin internet portal founded in 1997, by Roberto Vivo-Chaneton and Roberto Cibrian-Campoy.	El sitio	1997
inception	The Life Channel was approved for broadcast by the CRTC on 14 March 1985 following licensing hearings on 5 February 1985.	The Life Channel	1985
inception	On 6 December 2007, Odyssey Moon was the first team to register for the Google Lunar X Prize competition, an event that hopes to rekindle the efforts of humans to return to the moon.	Odyssey Moon	2007
inception	ScriptLogic, founded in 1997, initially made a user desktop configuration management tool for network administrators.	ScriptLogic	1997
inception	Thomas Built Buses, Inc. was incorporated in 1972 as the successor to Perley A. Thomas Car Works.	Thomas Built Buses	1972
inception	Asematunneli was built by digging up Kaivokatu and pouring concrete canopies for the tunnels in 1966--1967.	Asematunneli	1967
inception	Established at Duke University (North Carolina, United States) in 1987, the International Commission for Central American Recovery and Development (ICCARD) was a task force composed of thirty-three scholars and leaders (Ford Foundation 1988: 155).	International Commission for Central American Recovery and Development	1987
inception	1987 - On November 1, 12Stone Church was founded as Crossroads Community Church by Kevin Myers, his wife Marcia, and three other couples that relocated from Michigan to Greater Gwinnett County to plant a church that would be relevant, fun, challenging and impacting for generations.	12Stone	1987
inception	The Movement of Democratic Socialists (Greek: Κίνημα Δημοκρατών Σοσιαλιστών, Kinima Dimokraton Sosialiston) is a political party in Greece established on 3 January 2015 by George Papandreou after splitting from the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK).	Movement of Democratic Socialists	2015
inception	The first Teremok opened in 1998 in a street kiosk in Moscow.	Teremok	1998
inception	Holidays in Greece TV launched in the fall of 2004.	Holidays in Greece TV	2004
inception	Casalini is an Italian company founded by Giovanni Casalini in 1939 that makes mopeds and microcars.	Casalini	1939
inception	From 1997 to 1999, The Sandfleas occasionally performed as a live band almost exclusively as an opening act for The Aquabats, fronted by Aquabats creative consultant and GOGO13 singer Parker Jacobs and filled out by a rotating roster of former and present Aquabats members.	The Sandfleas	1997
inception	Sovereign Trains is a rolling stock operating company (ROSCO) formed in 2007 as part of the same group as Grand Central.	Sovereign Trains	2007
inception	Raid De Himalaya is a motorsport started in 1999.	Raid De Himalaya	1999
inception	Stop Hate UK started life in 1995 as Leeds Racial Harassment Project, a service for victims of racial harassment.	Stop Hate UK	1995
inception	Fight the New Drug (FTND) is an American anti-pornography 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 2009.	Fight the New Drug	2009
inception	The London Wildcats were a Colonial Hockey League team from 1994-1995 which played in London, Ontario.	London Wildcats	1994
inception	The Moving Museum is an independent and non-political organization founded by Aya Mousawi and Simon Sakhai in 2012; a registered Community Interest Company (CIC) in England and Wales.	The Moving Museum	2012
inception	The Intercontinental Church of God (ICG) is a seventh-day Sabbatarian Christian church currently headquartered in Tyler, Texas, USA, which was founded by Garner Ted Armstrong (1930-2003) in 1998.	Intercontinental Church of God	1998
inception	Conifer High School opened in the fall of 1996 to serve students in the southern portion of what had previously been Evergreen High School's matriculation area.	Conifer High School	1996
inception	Slackwax is a German musical duo of electronic music formed in 2005 and made up of Bernd Batke and Peter Hoppe.	Slackwax	2005
inception	Medair's statutes were registered in 1989 with the Registre du Commerce of the state of Vaud, Switzerland.	Medair	1989
inception	The Miranda Camera Company, originally named the Orion Camera Company, manufactured cameras in Japan between 1955 and 1978.	Miranda Camera Company	1955
inception	The Community of Jesus' Compassion (CJC) is an Anglican religious order founded in 1993, and located near Pietermaritzburg, South Africa in the Diocese of Natal of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.	Community of Jesus' Compassion	1993
inception	Since 1995 Duff House has been part of the National Galleries of Scotland and houses a range of art treasures and superbly furnished rooms.	Duff House	1995
inception	Gugun Blues Shelter, or Gugun and The Blues Shelter (often abbreviated as GBS), or Gugun Power Trio (for US and Europe Market) is an Indonesian blues band, formed in Jakarta, Indonesia, in 2004.	Gugun Blues Shelter	2004
inception	Shanghai Singapore International School (simplified Chinese: 上海新加坡国际学校; traditional Chinese: 上海新加坡國際學校; pinyin: Shànghǎi Xīnjiāpō Guójì Xuéxiào) is a K-12 private, international school founded in 1996 in Shanghai, China.	Shanghai Singapore International School	1996
inception	Founded in 1996 by Thomas V. Ward & James Quinn, Breeze Publications began--at first, produced in Ward's living room--with its flagship title, The Valley Breeze, which later grew to two editions.	Breeze Publications	1996
inception	Two Pesos was started in 1985 by Houston restaurateur Marno McDermot, who had been in negotiations with Taco Cabana's management to take the patio-restaurant chain nationwide.	Two Pesos	1985
inception	The Anglican Diocese of the Great Lakes was formed in 1998 by the bishops of the Independent Anglican Diocese of Ontario and the Missionary District of the USA, along with priests and deacons formerly belonging to the Independent Anglican Church (Canada Synod).	Diocese of the Great Lakes	1998
inception	The Description de l'Égypte (English: Description of Egypt) was a series of publications, appearing first in 1809 and continuing until the final volume appeared in 1829, which offered a comprehensive scientific description of ancient and modern Egypt as well as its natural history.	Description de l'Égypte	1809
inception	Established in 1997 as a production company, Apprehensive Films' main focus was low-budget Grindhouse-inspired films shot in Super 8 mm film and 16 mm film.	Apprehensive Films	1997
inception	The company was founded by Central Group in 1993 and the First Big C opened on Chaengwattana Road in Bangkok in 1994.	Big C	1993
inception	Tdsoft is an Israeli company, founded in 1994 by Yosi Albagli, Arie Shaham and Eytan Radian, together with Teledata Communications.	Tdsoft	1994
inception	Black Alien & Speed was an independent Brazilian Hip hop duo active between 1993 and 2001.	Black Alien & Speed	1993
inception	The Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation (Fedoruk Centre) is an institute located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada that was established by the University of Saskatchewan in 2011 as the Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation (CCNI).	Sylvia Fedoruk Canadian Centre for Nuclear Innovation	2011
inception	The Nikon F-301 (sold in the United States as the N2000) is a manual focus, autoexposure, auto film loading and advancing 35 mm SLR camera that was sold by the Nikon Corporation beginning in 1985.	Nikon F-301	1985
inception	Ballarat Wildlife Park is an interactive wildlife park situated in Ballarat, Australia which was opened by Greg Parker in 1987.	Ballarat Wildlife Park	1987
inception	They came together formally as The Indecent in the summer of 2008, originally under the aegis of producers Stuart Chatwood (of the Tea Party) and musician and former record executive Tim Sommer (who played with Hugo Largo and the Glenn Branca Ensemble, and worked closely with Hootie & the Blowfish).	The Indecent	2008
inception	Started in 2008, the Singapore River Festival is a week-long festival in Singapore that features performances and parades in Clarke Quay, Boat Quay, Empress Place and Robertson Quay along the Singapore River.	Singapore River Festival	2008
inception	It was founded in 1954 in accordance with The Korea Development Bank Act to finance and manage major industrial projects to expedite industrial development and enhance the national economy.	Korea Development Bank	1954
inception	GeminiJets is a die-cast model airplane manufacturer based in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States founded in 1998.	GeminiJets	1998
inception	International services were transferred to Myanmar Airways International, which was set up in 1993.	Myanmar Airways International	1993
inception	Established in 1929, the house of Mainbocher successfully operated in Paris (1929--1939) and then in New York (1940--1971).	Mainbocher	1929
inception	The Thessalian Radio Television, also known as TRT (Thessaliki Radiophonia Tileorasi), was founded in 1989.	Thessalian Radio Television	1989
inception	The National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) was created in 1965, fulfilling the desire of the then prime minister of India -- the late Lal Bahadur Shastri to extend the success of the Kaira Cooperative Milk Producers' Union (Amul) to other parts of India.	National Dairy Development Board	1965
inception	Established in 1951, the Badger Conference is a member of the WIAA.	Badger Conference	1951
inception	The Kneissl Company was founded as a wheel factory in 1861.	Kneissl	1861
inception	ABRS Management and Technology Institute is a Hong Kong based continuing education and training institute established in 1990.	ABRS Management and Technology Institute	1990
inception	Stardock Corporation is a software development company founded in 1991 and incorporated in 1993 as Stardock Systems.	Stardock	1991
inception	Chrome Entertainment is a record label and talent agency founded by Hwang Hyun-chang in 2011, based in Seoul, South Korea.	Chrome Entertainment	2011
inception	Levi & Suiss (a DJ supergroup consisting of Shlomi Levi and Aaron Suissa) founded Joy Records in 2013 along with Adar Weinreb.	Joy Records	2013
inception	Lunatic Calm were an English electronic music group formed in 1996.	Lunatic Calm	1996
inception	Stereo MCs are a British hip hop/electronic dance group, which formed in Clapham, London, in 1985.	Stereo MCs	1985
inception	Antonius Rex, is an Italian progressive rock band founded in 1974 in Milan by Antonio Bartoccetti.	Antonius Rex	1974
inception	Spheric Universe Experience is a band from France formed in 1999 who create progressive metal with symphonic elements.	Spheric Universe Experience	1999
inception	The Pacific Mambo Orchestra was founded in 2010 by Mexican Pianist Christian Tumalan and German Trumpeter Steffen Kuehn, and is a 19-piece Latin Big Band orchestra that plays salsa, Latin Jazz, cha cha cha, bachata, and other Latin music.	Pacific Mambo Orchestra	2010
inception	Voces Thules is an Icelandic music ensemble formed in 1992.	Voces Thules	1992
inception	Ballet Magnificat! is a professional Christian ballet company founded in Mississippi in 1986 and located in the state capital, Jackson.	Ballet Magnificat!	1986
inception	Mu Epsilon Theta (ΜΕΘ) is a National Catholic Service Sorority that was officially recognized at the University of Texas in Austin, Texas on January 16, 1987.	Mu Epsilon Theta	1987
inception	Amanda Louise Marchant and Samantha Joanne Marchant (born 26 June 1988), better known as Samanda are a female duo, consisting of identical twin sisters who first came to fame on Big Brother in 2007, in which they jointly achieved second place.	Samanda	2007
inception	Studio B Productions was a Canadian animation studio founded in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1988.	Studio B Productions	1988
inception	Emerson, Lake & Palmer were an English progressive rock supergroup formed in London in 1970.	Emerson, Lake & Palmer	1970
inception	Polsat 2 International is a general-interest channel that launched on March 1, 1997 and is owned by Polsat Group.	Polsat 2 International	1997
inception	The Michaëlle Jean Foundation is an independent non-profit organization established by former Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean upon her retirement from that position in 2010.	Michaëlle Jean Foundation	2010
inception	Named for an earlier convention known formally as the Mobile Comic Art and Science Fiction Festival, MOBICON was re-founded in 1998 and its membership has steadily grown since its inception.	MOBICON	1998
inception	Headkase are an Australian avant-garde metal band from Brisbane, Queensland, formed in 2001.	Headkase	2001
inception	The first official chapter of Chi Epsilon Pi was founded at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1951.	Chi Epsilon Pi	1951
inception	The Uzbek Gymnasium traces its origins to the fall of 1999 when Jumaboy Boboyev, a geography teacher, opened classes for perceptive students in Isfana Secondary School.	Uzbek Gymnasium	1999
inception	JP/Politikens Hus was established on 1 January 2003 as a merger between Politikens Hus and Jyllands-Posten A/S, publishing companies of the major broadsheet newspapers Politiken and Jyllands-Posten, respectively.	JP/Politikens Hus	1 January 2003
inception	The Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine is awarded annually (starting in 1986) by the Louis-Jeantet Foundation to biomedical researchers in Europe; the awards are made each April.	Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine	1986
inception	Stars Go Dim (SGD) is an American pop rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma that formed in late 2007.	Stars Go Dim	2007
inception	Freak Kitchen is an experimental rock band from Gothenburg, Sweden, formed in 1992.	Freak Kitchen	1992
inception	LakeView Asset Management was founded by Scott Rothbort, in May 2002.	LakeView Asset Management	2002
inception	Setherial is a Swedish black metal band founded in 1993 by guitarists Alastor Mysteriis and Devothan.	Setherial	1993
inception	The Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers, founded in 1844, was an early consumer co-operative, and one of the first to pay a patronage dividend, forming the basis for the modern co-operative movement.	Rochdale Society of Equitable Pioneers	1844
inception	Lux Helsinki was held for the first time in 2009.	Lux Helsinki	2009
inception	Number Nine Visual Technology Corporation was a manufacturer of video graphics chips and cards from 1982 to 1999.	Number Nine Visual Technology	1982
inception	Tulipan was a Brisbane-based Hungarian fusion band who were active from 1993 to 2000.	Tulipan	1993
inception	The first Viking Crown release was an EP recorded in 1994 titled Unorthodox Steps of Ritual which featured Phil, credited as Anton Crowley, on guitar, bass, drums and vocals.	Viking Crown	1994
inception	The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship was created on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998.	Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship	1999
inception	Bristol Ladies were founded as Clifton Ladies RFC in 1984 for what was intended as a one off match against Weston Hornets.	Bristol Ladies	1984
inception	Forever 21 began as a 900 square foot store in Los Angeles in 1984, and has grown to sell their clothing lines Forever 21, XXI Forever, Love 21, and Heritage in over 600 stores in the Americas, Asia, the Middle East, and the UK.	Forever 21	1984
inception	Rockapella is an American a cappella musical group formed in 1986 in New York City.	Rockapella	1986
inception	The Grammar School at Leeds (GSAL) is an independent fee-paying school in Leeds, England, created on 4 August 2005 from the merger of Leeds Grammar School (founded c. 1552) and Leeds Girls' High School (co-founded in 1876 by Frances Lupton).	Grammar School at Leeds	2005
inception	The Captaincy of São Vicente (1534--1709) was a land grant and colonial administration in the far southern part of the colonial Portuguese Empire in Colonial Brazil.	Captaincy of São Vicente	1534
inception	Friendly Fire Recordings is an independent record label based in Brooklyn, founded by Dan Koplowitz in 2004.	Friendly Fire Recordings	2004
inception	Primondo is the holding company for all mail order brands of Arcandor AG. The mail order line of Arcandor AG (previously KarstadtQuelle AG) has been called ``Primondo'' since 1 March 2007.	Primondo	1 March 2007
inception	Bátonyterenye was created in 1984 by the unification of three villages (Nagybátony, Kisterenye, Szúpatak).	Bátonyterenye	1984
inception	First Transit was created in 1999 when FirstGroup acquired Ryder Public Transportation Services Inc. from Ryder.	First Transit	1999
inception	Metropolis Video was a group of filmmakers and video makers who documented on video the early years of the punk rock music scene in New York City, from 1975 to 1977.	Metropolis Video	1975
inception	Fox Sports Florida was launched on July 1, 1987 as SportsChannel Florida.	Fox Sports Florida	1987
inception	Yebhi.com is an Indian Online shopping E-commerce portal for Home, Lifestyle & Fashion e-retailer, launched in the year 2009.	Yebhi	2009
inception	The station changed call letters to the current WFXX on March 15, 1999.	WFXX	1999
inception	Winkler then formed Asuragen from Ambion's Molecular Diagnostics and Pharmacogenomic Service Divisions following the March 2006 sale of the Research Products Division of Ambion Inc. to the Applied Biosystems Group (currently Life Technologies).	Asuragen	2006
inception	The British Science Association (BSA) is a charity and learned society founded in 1831 to aid in the promotion and development of science.	British Science Association	1831
inception	The Tooheys New Cup, or TNC, was a rugby union competition established by the New South Wales Rugby Union (NSWRU) in 2002.	Tooheys New Cup	2002
inception	In 2007 architect Dominic Harris founded Cinimod Studio.	Cinimod Studio	2007
inception	Elektronmusikstudion (EMS), formerly known as Electroacoustic Music in Sweden, is the Swedish national centre for electronic music and sound art. The research organisation started in 1964 and is based in Stockholm.	Elektronmusikstudion	1964
inception	The High Times Freedom Fighters was a marijuana legalization group started by High Times Editor-in-Chief Steven Hager in 1987.	High Times Freedom Fighters	1987
inception	Founded in 2010, Averroes High School is a college preparatory Islamic high school (grades 9-12) in Fremont, California.	Averroes High School	2010
inception	Chemists Without Borders was founded in 2004 by Bego Gerber and Steve Chambreau as a result of a letter that Gerber sent to the editor of Chemical and Engineering News in September 2004.	Chemists Without Borders	2004
inception	The Italian Red Cross (IRC, Italian: Croce Rossa Italiana or CRI) is the Italian national Red Cross society that has its origin in the Comitato dell'Associazione Italiana per il soccorso ai feriti ed ai malati in guerra in Milan on June 15, 1864.	Italian Red Cross	1864
inception	Eio Books is an American-based small press publishing house founded in 2004 in the city of Brattleboro, Vermont.	Eio Books	2004
inception	Telelogic was founded in 1983 as a research and development arm of Televerket, the Swedish department of telecom (now part of TeliaSonera).	Telelogic	1983
inception	Invictus Gaming (iG) is a multi-game esports organization founded in 2011 in China.	Invictus Gaming	2011
inception	Founded in 1983, Molecular Devices introduced its first microplate reader in 1987 and since then has continually broadened its solution set through a combination of internal research and development efforts as well as strategic acquisitions.	Molecular Devices	1983
inception	In 1886, Kandalakshskaya Volost restored when it was split from Kovdskaya Volost; both volosts remained in Kemsky Uyezd.	Kandalakshskaya Volost	1886
inception	The Friends of Cathedral Music was founded in 1956 by the Revd.	Friends of Cathedral Music	1956
inception	Festival of Jewish Culture in Warsaw -- ``Singer's Warsaw'' is an annual celebration of Jewish culture that has been held in Warsaw since 2004.	Festival of Jewish Culture in Warsaw	2004
inception	The San Francisco Estuary Partnership (Partnership) is one of the 28 National Estuary Programs created in the 1987 Amendments to the Clean Water Act.	San Francisco Estuary Partnership	1987
inception	The Silver Heart Club are a power pop and rock musical duo formed in 2007 by Bo Weber and Steven Price.	The Silver Heart Club	2007
inception	Frontier Flying Service was established in 1950 by retired Air Force Colonel Richard McIntyre, catering to Alaska bush communities as a scheduled mail carrier for Wien Air Alaska, as well as providing charters throughout Alaska.	Frontier Flying Service	1950
inception	The Singapore Airshow, formerly known as Changi International Airshow, is a biennial aerospace event held in Singapore starting from 2008.	Singapore Airshow	2008
inception	The United Nations Forest Hero Award was established in 2011, the International Year of Forests, to recognise individuals who have devoted their lives to protecting forests.	Forest Hero Award	2011
inception	ZJA Zwarts & Jansma Architects is a Dutch architectural practice founded by Moshé Zwarts and Rein Jansma in 1990.	ZJA Zwarts & Jansma Architects	1990
inception	In Holmes County, Ohio the Andy Weaver Amish were formed in 1952 over the issue of shunning.	Andy Weaver Amish	1952
inception	The Ministry of Sound Radio (MoS) began service as a UK-based radio station operating since 1999.	Ministry of Sound Radio	1999
inception	Superleague Formula was an open wheel single seater motor racing formula, which started in 2008, at Donington Park in the United Kingdom.	Superleague Formula	2008
inception	W Hotels was launched in 1998 with the W New York, a conversion of the old Doral Inn hotel at 541 Lexington Avenue in Manhattan.	W Hotels	1998
inception	The Market for Alternative Investment (MAI or mai) is a stock exchange of Thailand which was established by the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) in 1998 under the Securities Exchange of Thailand Act as an alternative stock market for small and medium-sized enterprises.	Market for Alternative Investment	1998
inception	To emphasize the three channels' connection, the name Yorin was replaced by RTL 7 on 12 August 2005.	RTL 7	2005
inception	Extreme Reach was formed in 2008 by co-founders John Roland, Tim Conley, Daniel Brackett, and Patrick Hanavan.	Extreme Reach	2008
inception	Turkey's house pioneer duo Neopol was founded by Ozan Ülke and Nilüfer Ülke in 2010.	Neopol	2010
inception	The Pie Face chain was founded in 2003 in Sydney.	Pie Face	2003
inception	Cajun Rollergirls or CRG, are a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Houma, Louisiana, founded in 2008.	Cajun Rollergirls	2008
inception	The 2009 Hotel Carolina event was held September 25 and 26.	Hotel Carolina	2009
inception	Active Power was founded in 1992 as Magnetic Bearing Technologies, Inc., where the company manufactured magnetic bearings for a variety of applications.	Active Power	1992
inception	The League of God's House (German: Gotteshausbund, Italian: Lega Caddea, Romansh: Lia da la Chadé ) was formed in what is now Switzerland on January 29, 1367 to resist the rising power of the Bishopric of Chur and the House of Habsburg.	League of God's House	1367
inception	In 1999, both firms were partially privatized and merged to create a retail and refining company under the name PKN Orlen.	PKN Orlen	1999
inception	Lauder Business School (LBS) was founded in 2003 as a University of Applied Sciences with financial help from Ronald S. Lauder.	Lauder Business School	2003
inception	Fox Life Italy was launched in Italy on May 13, 2004, Portugal on May 19, 2005 and in Bulgaria on September 8, 2005.	Fox Life	2004
inception	AudioCodes was established in 1993 in Israel and founded by Mr. Shabtai Adlersberg and Mr. Leon Bialik.	AudioCodes	1993
inception	Finally, on 29 January 2003, the Slovene Parliament passed the University of Primorska Charter.	University of Primorska	2003
inception	A Photographer's Gallery (March 1955 -- 1957), 48 West 85th Street, New York, founded and opened by Roy DeCarava, was an early effort to gain recognition for photography as an art form.	A Photographer's Gallery	1955
inception	Pakistan Museum of Natural History, established in 1976, is a public museum of natural history situated in Islamabad, the federal capital of Pakistan.	Pakistan Museum of Natural History	1976
inception	Rak Records is a British record label, founded by record producer Mickie Most in 1969.	Rak Records	1969
inception	Moray Firth School was opened, in September 2002, by Anni Cole-Hamilton, who was also its principal.	Moray Firth School	2002
inception	Survivors Fund (or SURF), founded in 1997, represents and supports survivors of the Rwandan genocide in the United Kingdom and Rwanda.	Survivors Fund	1997
inception	NewRiver Retail was incorporated on 1 September 2008 as a private limited company, and is headquartered at 37 Maddox Street, Mayfair, London, W1S 2PP.	NewRiver Retail	2008
inception	American Standards is an American hardcore punk band from Phoenix, Arizona, formed in 2011.	American Standards	2011
inception	Gianni Versace S.p.A. (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒanni verˈsaːtʃe)), usually referred to as Versace, is an Italian fashion company and trade name founded by Gianni Versace in 1978.	Versace	1978
inception	WBNX-TV first signed on the air on December 1, 1985, as a secular for-profit independent station.	WBNX-TV	1985
inception	Scandal'us (or Scandal'Us) were the winners of the Australian Popstars 2 in 2001 (successors of Bardot, the winners of the first Australian Popstars in 2000).	Scandal'us	2001
inception	Cherryblossom is a Japanese rock band from Tokyo, who debuted in 2007.	Cherryblossom	2007
inception	In 1929, Greyhound Canada was founded as Canadian Greyhound Coaches, Limited, operating first in BC and then Alberta.	Greyhound Canada	1929
inception	KidsCo was an international children's entertainment brand founded by Canadian broadcaster Corus Entertainment's Nelvana, American-based producer DIC Entertainment, and European broadcaster Sparrowhawk Media Group in April 2007.	KidsCo	2007
inception	Former Nothing But Happiness and Crash guitarist Ralske started Ultra Vivid Scene in 1987, was signed to 4AD Records in 1988, and released his first UVS EP, She Screamed, in 1988.	Ultra Vivid Scene	1987
inception	Einstürzende Neubauten (, ``Collapsing New Buildings'') is a German industrial band, originally from West Berlin, formed in 1980.	Einstürzende Neubauten	1980
inception	Nimbus Film was founded in 1993 by Birgitte Hald and Bo Ehrhardt, who today own the company.	Nimbus Film	1993
inception	The Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission (also known as the Sov-Com), a state agency directed by the governor of Mississippi, operated from 1956 to 1977.	Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission	1956
inception	KFRR signed on the air in 1992 under the call letters of KFCL, as Fresno's first commercial classical music station.	KFRR	1992
inception	Trailer Bridge was founded in 1991 by Malcom McLean, who is recognized in the industry as ``The Father of Containerization''.	Trailer Bridge	1991
inception	Computer.com was a short-lived dot-com company founded in 1999.	Computer.com	1999
inception	The San Pietro Polyptych (Italian: Polittico di San Pietro) is a polyptych by Italian Renaissance master Perugino, painted around 1496--1500.	San Pietro Polyptych	1496
inception	Dual Plover is a pioneering independent Australian record label, founded in Sydney in 1996, notable for discovering some of the most enigmatic artists in experimental music.	Dual Plover	1996
inception	Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW) is a Japanese professional wrestling promotion established in 1995.	Big Japan Pro Wrestling	1995
inception	The North Sea Commission is an international organization founded in 1989.	North Sea Commission	1989
inception	Northeastern Bible College was founded by Charles W. Anderson and first opened in September, 1950, as Brookdale Bible School, at the Brookdale Baptist Church in Bloomfield, New Jersey.	Northeastern Bible College	1950
inception	Cidade Negra (Portuguese: Black City) is a Brazilian reggae band formed in 1986 in Rio de Janeiro.	Cidade Negra	1986
inception	On his initiative the Thuringian federal government established the Stiftung Ettersberg, located in Weimar, as a foundation under civic law, which took up its work in spring 2002 by the appointment of the executive board and the advisory council of the foundation.	Stiftung Ettersberg	2002
inception	Biocon was founded in 1978 with ₹10,000 as the initial capital, failing to find any financial institution for investment.	Biocon	1978
inception	GoEast is an International Film Festival which has been held annually in the Hessian state capital of Wiesbaden, Germany since its inception in 2001.	GoEast	2001
inception	Etisalat was founded in 1976 as a joint-stock company between International Aeradio Limited, a British Company, and local partners.	Etisalat	1976
inception	Necromance was a Christian gothic metal band from Spremberg, Germany, formed in 1987, disbanded in 2002.	Necromance	1987
inception	Commonwealth Credit Union was founded on April 2, 1951 with $2,700 in assets and 122 members.	Commonwealth Credit Union	1951
inception	Wigrid is an underground black metal project that was founded by Ulfhednir in 1998.	Wigrid	1998
inception	The Empowering Spirits Foundation was established by A. Latham Staples in 2008 after the passage of Proposition 8 in California out of frustration as to how he thought LGBT rights organizations were approaching the gay rights issue.	Empowering Spirits Foundation	2008
inception	The Ankara Metro, has been operating since 29 December 1997, with the opening of its first full metro line, M1, traveling between Kızılay, the city center, and Batıkent.	Ankara Metro	1997
inception	The Party of Reform and Development (PRD) (Arabic: حزب الاصلاح والتنمية Hizb Al-Islah Wal-Tanmiyah) is a political party in Libya, that was founded on 10 January 2012 in Benghazi.	Party of Reform and Development	10 January 2012
inception	Ant-Zen Audio and Visual Arts is a German independent record label founded in 1994 by Stefan Alt (aka recording artist S.Alt), who serves as the art director.	Ant-Zen	1994
inception	Dagö was formed in 1998 by Lauri Saatpalu, Peeter Rebane and Tiit Kikas.	Dagö	1998
inception	Pueblo a Pueblo is a 501(c) organization launched in 2001 to provide educational opportunities for children in rural Mayan communities in Guatemala.	Pueblo a Pueblo	2001
inception	The Wichita Falls Spudders were a minor league baseball team that formed in 1920 and played its last game in 1957.	Wichita Falls Spudders	1920
inception	The Webb Brothers are a rock band from Chicago, Illinois, who formed in 1998.	The Webb Brothers	1998
inception	The State of Thuringia was restored with slightly altered borders during Germany's reunification in 1990.	Thuringia	1990
inception	The Carter Family was a traditional American folk music group that recorded between 1927 and 1956.	Carter Family	1927
inception	USAA was founded in 1922 by a group of U.S. Army officers as a mechanism for mutual self-insurance when they were unable to secure auto insurance because of the perception that they, as military officers, were a high-risk group.	USAA	1922
inception	Originally formed in 1931 as Sakaryaspor, the club changed its name to Manisaspor on 15 June 1965.	Manisaspor	1965
inception	Salmon Air is a former commuter airline based in Salmon, Idaho, United States which was established in 1968.	Salmon Air	1968
inception	The Nationalist Party of Cantabria (Spanish: Partido Nacionalista de Cantabria, PNC) was a political party with a nationalist and conservative ideology active in Cantabria between 1988 and the mid 90s.	Nationalist Party of Cantabria	1988
inception	Founded in Atlanta, Georgia in 1984, Lauren Engineers & Constructors started as a small specialty non-union contractor and subsidiary of Comstock Mechanical.	Lauren Engineers & Constructors	1984
inception	The Melbourne Science Fiction Club Inc. (Also known as the M.S.F.C. or colloquially ``the club'') was founded in May 1952 by Race Mathews and others.	Melbourne Science Fiction Club	1952
inception	The Oxford Imps formed in 2003, and it is a debated subject as to whether they are Oxford University's first improvisational comedy troupe.	The Oxford Imps	2003
inception	Founded in 1984, the Netaji Subhash High Altitude Training Centre was established by Sports Authority of India.	Netaji Subhash High Altitude Training Centre	1984
inception	Specifically, in 1993 Pfizer transferred the ownership of its Bangladesh operations to local shareholders, and the name of the company was changed to Renata Limited.	Renata Limited	1993
languages spoken or written	Thomas de Leu or Leeuw or Le Leup or Deleu (1560--1612) was a French engraver, publisher, and print dealer of Flemish origin.	Thomas de Leu	French
languages spoken or written	Micha Ullman (Hebrew: מיכה אולמן‎, born 1939) is an Israeli sculptor and professor of art.	Micha Ullman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Jean Gimpel (10 October 1918 -- 15 June 1996) was a French historian and medievalist.	Jean Gimpel	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Copeau (; February 4, 1879 -- October 20, 1949) was an influential French theatre director, producer, actor, and dramatist born in Paris.	Jacques Copeau	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Fantin-Latour (14 January 1836 -- 25 August 1904) was a French painter and lithographer best known for his flower paintings and group portraits of Parisian artists and writers.	Henri Fantin-Latour	French
languages spoken or written	Ventura Pons Sala (Catalan pronunciation: (bənˈtuɾə ˈpɔns)) (born 25 July 1945, in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a Catalan movie director.	Ventura Pons	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Can Dündar (born 16 June 1961 in Ankara) is a Turkish journalist, columnist and documentarian.	Can Dündar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Maria Elena Boschi (Italian pronunciation: (maˈriːa ˈɛːlena ˈbɔski); born 24 January 1981) is an Italian lawyer and politician.	Maria Elena Boschi	Italian
languages spoken or written	George Topîrceanu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe topɨrˈt͡ʃanu); March 20, 1886 -- May 7, 1937) was a Romanian poet, short story writer, and humourist.	George Topîrceanu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	María de Lourdes Rojo e Incháustegui, commonly known as María Rojo (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈɾi.a ˈroxo); Mexico City, August 15, 1943), is a Mexican actress and politician.	María Rojo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ángel Iturriaga Barco (Logroño, 1974) is a Spanish writer and historian, author of the Diccionario de jugadores del FC Barcelona (2010), the Diccionario de técnicos y directivos del FC Barcelona (2011) and the Diccionario de jugadores de la selección española de fútbol (2013).	Ángel Iturriaga Barco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Theodor Fontane (German: (ˈtʰeːodoɐ̯ fɔnˈtaːnə); 30 December 1819 -- 20 September 1898) was a German novelist and poet, regarded by many as the most important 19th-century German-language realist writer.	Theodor Fontane	German
languages spoken or written	Maurice Duhamel (23 February 1884 -- 5 February 1940) was the pen-name of Maurice Bourgeaux, a Breton musician, writer and activist who was a leading figure in Breton nationalism and federalist politics in the years before World War II.	Maurice Duhamel	Breton
languages spoken or written	Louis Cotte (20 November 1740 -- 4 October 1815) was a French meteorologist.	Louis Cotte	French
languages spoken or written	Juan de Mena (1411--1456) was one of the most significant Spanish poets of the fifteenth century.	Juan de Mena	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abbé Jean Michel Gandoger (10 May 1850--4 October 1926), was a French botanist and mycologist.	Michel Gandoger	French
languages spoken or written	Julián Besteiro Fernández (21 September 1870 -- 27 September 1940) was a Spanish socialist politician, elected to the Cortes Generales and in 1931 as Speaker of the Constituent Cortes of the Spanish Republic.	Julián Besteiro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karthika Adaikalam (born May 3, 1991), better known mononymously as Karthika, is a Tamil film actress, who has appeared in Tamil films.	Karthika Adaikalam	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Thomas Bewick (c. 11 August 1753 -- 8 November 1828) was an English engraver and natural history author.	Thomas Bewick	English
languages spoken or written	Cornelis Jacobus Langenhoven (13 August 1873 -- 15 July 1932), who wrote under the pen name C.J. Langenhoven, was a South African poet who played a major role in the development of Afrikaans literature and cultural history.	Cornelis Jacobus Langenhoven	Afrikaans
languages spoken or written	Sir William Fothergill Cooke (4 May 1806 -- 25 June 1879) was an English inventor.	William Fothergill Cooke	English
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Sinopoli (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe siˈnɔːpoli); 2 November 1946 -- 20 April 2001) was an Italian conductor and composer.	Giuseppe Sinopoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zenon Klemensiewicz (1891 in Tarnów -- 1969) was a Polish linguist, specialist on the Polish language, professor of the Jagiellonian University.	Zenon Klemensiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Henri Skoda (born 1945) is a French mathematician, specializing in the analysis of several complex variables.	Henri Skoda	French
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Taschner (25 May 1922 -- 21 July 1976) was a noted German violinist and teacher.	Gerhard Taschner	German
languages spoken or written	Ajmal Ameer is an Indian film actor, who works in the Malayalam, Tamil, and Telugu film industries.	Ajmal Ameer	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Georges Boudarel (21 December 1926 -- 26 December 2003) was a French academic and Communist militant.	Georges Boudarel	French
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Hermann Lotze (German: (ˈlɔtsə); 21 May 1817 -- 1 July 1881) was a German philosopher and logician.	Hermann Lotze	German
languages spoken or written	Prince Cecil is an Indian film actor who has appeared predominantly in Telugu language films.	Prince Cecil	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Emilio Aragón Álvarez (born 1959), is a Spanish director, musician, actor, presenter and producer.	Emilio Aragón Álvarez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bhargavaram Viththal Varerkar (Marathi: भार्गवराम विठ्ठल वरेरकर) (1883 - 1964) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Bhargavaram Viththal Varerkar	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Laura Mintegi Lakarra (born October 26, 1955) is a Basque author, politician and a professor at the University of the Basque Country.	Laura Mintegi	Basque
languages spoken or written	Marie Anne Isler Béguin (born on 30 June 1956 in Boulay-Moselle) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the East of France.	Marie Anne Isler Béguin	French
languages spoken or written	Natalie Portman (born Neta-Lee Hershlag; Hebrew: נטע-לי הרשלג‎; June 9, 1981) is an actress, film producer and film director with dual American and Israeli citizenship.	Natalie Portman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Hyginus Gromaticus (Gromaticus from groma, a surveying device) was a Latin writer on land-surveying, who flourished in the reign of Trajan (AD 98--117).	Hyginus Gromaticus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Silvian Iosifescu (21 January 1917 - May 2006) was a literary critic, educator, translator and Romanian literature professor at the Faculty of Letters, University of Bucharest.	Silvian Iosifescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Dominik Moll (born 7 May 1962) is a German born French film director and screenwriter.	Dominik Moll	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Menéndez de Avilés (15 February 1519 -- 17 September 1574) was a Spanish admiral and explorer from the region of Asturias, Spain, who is remembered for planning the first regular trans-oceanic convoys and for founding St. Augustine, Florida, in 1565.	Pedro Menéndez de Avilés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Frank (28 February 1895 -- 1941) was a French interior designer known for minimalist interiors decorated with plain-lined but sumptuous furniture made of luxury materials, such as shagreen, mica, and intricate straw marquetry.	Jean-Michel Frank	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Foulquié (16 March 1893 -- 6 September 1983) was a French thinker and philosopher known for his books on metaphysics, epistemology, existentialism and psychology.	Paul Foulquié	French
languages spoken or written	Kim Jae-young (born November 1966) (Hangul: 김재영) is a South Korean writer and professor.	Kim Jae-young	Korean
languages spoken or written	Aloys Fischer (10 April 1880 -- 23 November 1937) was a German educationalist and statistician.	Aloys Fischer	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Hernando Vera (born November 4, 1967) is a Spanish attorney and politician and the spokesperson for the Socialist Group in the Spanish Congress of Deputies, where he represents the Province of Madrid.	Antonio Hernando	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sreelekha Mitra (Bengali: শ্রীলেখা মিত্র) is a Bengali Indian actress of TV and films.	Sreelekha Mitra	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Takashi Shimizu (清水 崇 Shimizu Takashi, born 27 July 1972) is a Japanese filmmaker.	Takashi Shimizu	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Alfred Henry Huth (1850--1910) was an English bibliophile.	Alfred Henry Huth	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Blázquez y Delgado-Aguilera (1859 - February 14, 1950) was a Spanish geographer, historian and bibliographer.	Antonio Blázquez y Delgado-Aguilera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bruno de Finetti (13 June 1906 -- 20 July 1985) was an Italian probabilist, statistician and actuary, noted for the ``operational subjective'' conception of probability.	Bruno de Finetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Josef Liesler (19 September 1912, in Vidolice near Kadaň -- 23 August 2005, in Prague) was a Czech surrealist painter, graphic designer, illustrator, exlibris and postage stamp designer.	Josef Liesler	Czech
languages spoken or written	George Bogdan (1859-1930) was a Romanian physician and university professor.	George Bogdan	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Jean Guichard, born in Paris, on April 28, 1952, is a French photographer known for his images of lighthouses.	Jean Guichard	French
languages spoken or written	Pim van Lommel (born 15 March 1943) is a Dutch author and researcher in the field of near-death studies.	Pim van Lommel	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Phyllis Arkle (Chester, 23 April 1910 -- 1997), was an English author of children's books.	Phyllis Arkle	English
languages spoken or written	Rula Jebreal (Arabic: رولا جبريل; born April 24, 1973) is a Palestinian foreign policy analyst, journalist, novelist and screenwriter with dual Israeli and Italian citizenship.	Rula Jebreal	Arabic	Italian
languages spoken or written	Professor Eckhard Jesse (born 16 July 1948 in Wurzen, Saxony) is a German political scientist.	Eckhard Jesse	German
languages spoken or written	Arman Alizad (born 12 January 1971) is an Iranian-Finnish master tailor, fashion columnist and a TV-personality.	Arman Alizad	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Veronica Gambara (November 30, 1485 -- June 13, 1550) was an Italian poet, stateswoman and political leader.	Veronica Gambara	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fosco Maraini (15 November 1912 -- 8 June 2004) was an Italian photographer, anthropologist, ethnologist, writer, mountaineer and academic.	Fosco Maraini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Edmund Crispin was the pseudonym of Robert Bruce Montgomery (usually credited as Bruce Montgomery) (2 October 1921 -- 15 September 1978), an English crime writer and composer.	Edmund Crispin	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Baptist Alzog (8 June 1808 -- 1 March 1878) was a German theologian and Catholic church historian.	Johann Baptist Alzog	German
languages spoken or written	Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi (/dʒəˈkoʊbi/; German: (jaˈkoːbi); 10 December 1804 -- 18 February 1851) was a German mathematician, who made fundamental contributions to elliptic functions, dynamics, differential equations, and number theory.	Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi	German
languages spoken or written	James Whorwood Adeane (1740-1802), of Babraham, Cambridgeshire and Chalgrove, Oxfordshire, was an English politician.	James Whorwood Adeane	English
languages spoken or written	Diego Andrés Bermúdez Penabad (born 19 June 1982 in As Pontes de García Rodríguez, A Coruña, Galicia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.	Diego Andrés Bermúdez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Charles Auguste Claude Trenet, known as Charles Trenet (French: (ʃaʁl tʁəne); 18 May 1913 -- 19 February 2001), was a French singer and songwriter.	Charles Trenet	French
languages spoken or written	Karl-Heinz Smuda (born January 24, 1961 in Eschweiler) is a German radio-journalist, media-expert, ghostwriter and major in the German Air Force.	Karl-Heinz Smuda	German
languages spoken or written	Diego Mateo Zapata (1664-1745) was a Spanish physician and philosopher.	Diego Mateo Zapata	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Péter Melius Juhász (1532 -- 25 December 1572) was a Hungarian botanist, writer, theologist, and bishop of the Calvinist Reformed Church in Transylvania.	Péter Melius Juhász	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Antonio Fogazzaro (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo foɡatˈtsaro); 25 March 1842 -- 7 March 1911) was an Italian novelist.	Antonio Fogazzaro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Du Sommerard (31 August 1779, Bar-sur-Aube -- 19 August 1842, Paris) was a French archaeologist and art collector.	Alexandre Du Sommerard	French
languages spoken or written	Joan Ramos Monllor (born March 28, 1942) is a Spanish cartoonist, painter, engraver, sculptor and illustrator.	Joan Ramos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Christian Laukhard (7 June 1757 -- 28 April 1822) was a German novelist, philosopher, historian and theologian.	Friedrich Christian Laukhard	German
languages spoken or written	Stephen of Rouen (died c. 1169) (French Étienne de Rouen, Latin Stephanus de Rouen) was a Norman Benedictine monk of Bec Abbey of the twelfth century, and a chronicler and poet.	Stephen of Rouen	Latin
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Schamoni (November 9, 1939 -- March 9, 1998) was a German film director, screenwriter, actor and media proprietor.	Ulrich Schamoni	German
languages spoken or written	Blessed Juan de Palafox y Mendoza (June 26, 1600 -- October 1, 1659), a Spanish politician, administrator, and Catholic clergyman in 17th century Spain and colonial Mexico.	Juan de Palafox y Mendoza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Herman Yau Lai-To (Chinese: 邱禮濤), born 1961 in Hong Kong is a film director, scriptwriter.	Herman Yau	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jozef Gregor, better known as Jozef Gregor-Tajovský (18 November 1874 -- 20 May 1940) was a Slovak prose and drama author, poet, teacher and politician.	Jozef Gregor-Tajovský	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Pedro de Torres Rámila (Latin: Petro de Torres Ramilae) (1583--1658) was a Spanish poet, satirist and Renaissance humanist.	Pedro de Torres Rámila	Latin	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Kyd (baptised 6 November 1558; buried 15 August 1594) was an English playwright, the author of The Spanish Tragedy, and one of the most important figures in the development of Elizabethan drama.	Thomas Kyd	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Barry, 7th Earl of Barrymore (14 August 1769 -- 6 March 1793) was an English nobleman of Ireland, as well as an infamous rake, gambler, sportsman, theatrical enthusiast and womanizer.	Richard Barry, 7th Earl of Barrymore	English
languages spoken or written	Peter R. Neumann (born 1974) is a German journalist and academic who frequently appears on radio and television as an expert on terrorism and political violence.	Peter R. Neumann	German
languages spoken or written	Pietro Lunardi (born 19 July 1939) is an Italian politician and engineer.	Pietro Lunardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hossein Abadian (born Jan 22, 1962 in Lar, Iran) is a contemporary Persian Iranologist and historian.	Hossein Abadian	Persian
languages spoken or written	Jeffery Farnol (10 February 1878 -- 9 August 1952) was a British writer since 1907 until his death, known for writing more than 40 romance novels, some formulaic and set in the Georgian Era or English Regency period, and swashbucklers.	Jeffery Farnol	English
languages spoken or written	Tomás de Mercado (1525--1575) was a Spanish Dominican friar and both an economist and a theologian, best known for his book Summa de Tratos y Contratos (``Manual of Deals and Contracts'') of 1571.	Tomás de Mercado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Chusé Raúl Usón Serrano (Jusep Raül Uson in SLA ortography), born in 1966 in Zaragoza, is a publisher and a Spanish writer in the Aragonese language.	Chusé Raúl Usón	Spanish	Aragonese
languages spoken or written	Marlon Knauer (born August 19, 1987 in East Berlin) is a German singer, identified on album covers, concert advertisements, and other media only by his first name.	Marlon Knauer	German
languages spoken or written	Ives Roqueta (Occitan pronunciation: (ˈives ruˈketɔ)) (born 29 February 1936 in Sète, Hérault died January 4th 2015) was an Occitan author.	Ives Roqueta	Occitan
languages spoken or written	Charlotte von Kirschbaum (June 25, 1899 -- July 24, 1975) was a German theologian, and pupil of Karl Barth.	Charlotte von Kirschbaum	German
languages spoken or written	François Girard (born January 12, 1963) is a French-Canadian director and screenwriter particularly noted for his innovative film Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould.	François Girard	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Thomas, sieur du Fossé (1634--1698) was a French scholar and author, and was the son of a master of accounts at Rouen.	Pierre Thomas	French
languages spoken or written	Abolqassem Aref Qazvini (Persian: ابوالقاسم‌ عارف قزوینی ‎, 1882 -- January 21, 1934) was an Iranian poet, lyricist, and musician.	Aref Qazvini	Persian
languages spoken or written	Hemant Pandey (Hindi: हेमंत पांडे) is an India film, theatre and television actor, most known for his role as Pandeyji in TV series, Office Office (2000).	Hemant Pandey	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Theo Vennemann genannt Nierfeld (German: (ˈfɛnəman); born 27 May 1937 in Oberhausen-Sterkrade) is a German historical linguist known for his controversial theories of a ``Vasconic'' and an ``Atlantic'' substratum in European languages, published since the 1990s.	Theo Vennemann	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Aliot (born 4 September 1969) is a French politician, a lawyer by profession, and the vice president of the Front National since 16 January 2011.	Louis Aliot	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Favard (28 August 1902 -- 21 January 1965) was a French mathematician who worked on analysis.	Jean Favard	French
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Klotz (born June 22, 1954) is a French filmmaker born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine.	Nicolas Klotz	French
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Mạnh Khải, known as Nguyễn Khải (3 December 1930 -- 15 January 2008) was a Vietnamese writer.	Nguyễn Khải	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	María de los Ángeles López Segovia (20 March 1936 -- 19 August 2015), better known as Lina Morgan, was a Spanish actress and showgirl that performed in film, theatre, and television.	Lina Morgan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Carol Reed (30 December 1906 -- 25 April 1976) was an English film director best known for Odd Man Out (1947), The Fallen Idol (1948) and The Third Man (1949).	Carol Reed	English
languages spoken or written	Gabrielle Anne Cisterne de Courtiras, vicomtesse de Saint-Mars (2 August 1804 -- 11 September 1872), nom de plume Countess Dash, was a prolific French writer.	Countess Dash	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Ignace de La Ville (1690 in Bayonne -- 15 April 1774) was a French churchman and diplomat.	Jean Ignace de La Ville	French
languages spoken or written	Pilar Castro Parrilla (Madrid, October 12, 1970) is a Spanish actress.	Pilar Castro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Rabaut (January 29, 1718 -- September 25, 1794) was a French pastor of the Huguenot ``Church of the Desert''.	Paul Rabaut	French
languages spoken or written	Fritz Wolffheim (30 October 1888 -- 17 March 1942) was a German communist politician and writer.	Fritz Wolffheim	German
languages spoken or written	Henry de La Vaulx (1870--1930), was a balloonist, author, and cofounder of major French and international aeronautical associations.	Henry de La Vaulx	French
languages spoken or written	René Oberthür (1852, Rennes - 27 April 1944) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	René Oberthür	French
languages spoken or written	Mario Camus (Santander, 20 April 1935) is a Spanish screenwriter and film director.	Mario Camus	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Xaquín Lorenzo Fernández, Xocas (June 23, 1907 in Ourense -- July 19 of 1989 in Ourense), was a Spanish educator.	Xaquín Lorenzo Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Roberto Noble (September 9, 1902 -- January 12, 1969) was an Argentine politician, journalist and publisher, perhaps best known for having founded Clarín, long Argentina's leading newsdaily and the most or second-most circulated in the Spanish-speaking world.	Roberto Noble	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Didier Lefèvre (19 December 1957 - 29 January 2007) was a French photojournalist.	Didier Lefèvre	French
languages spoken or written	María Conesa, also known as La Gatita Blanca (The White Kitten) (December 12, 1892 -- September 9, 1978), was a Spanish-born Mexican stage, television, film actress and vedette.	María Conesa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Olivier Pironneau (born 1945) is a French mathematician who is a Professor at the Université Pierre et Marie Curie and member of the French Academy of Sciences.	Olivier Pironneau	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Duffus Hardy (22 May 1804 -- 15 June 1878) was an English archivist and antiquary, who served as Deputy Keeper of the Public Record Office from 1861 to 1878.	Thomas Duffus Hardy	English
languages spoken or written	Luigi Lusi (Rome, 25 November 1961) is an Italian politician, lawyer and Senator.	Luigi Lusi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alain Pasquier (born 1 August 1942) is a French art historian specialising in ancient Greek art, museography and conservation.	Alain Pasquier	French
languages spoken or written	Marcel Bardiaux (2 April 1910 -- February 2000) was a French sailor.	Marcel Bardiaux	French
languages spoken or written	Harald Welzer (born 27 July 1958, Hanover) is a German social psychologist.	Harald Welzer	German
languages spoken or written	Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna (1 October 1790 -- 12 July 1846) was a popular Victorian English writer and novelist who wrote as Charlotte Elizabeth.	Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna	English
languages spoken or written	Ernest Alfred Vizetelly (1853--1922) was an English journalist and author.	Ernest Alfred Vizetelly	English
languages spoken or written	Bohdan Tomaszewski (August 10, 1921 -- February 27, 2015) was a Polish sports journalist, tennis player, sports commentator, and author of several sports books.	Bohdan Tomaszewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Silvia Abascal Estrada, (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsilβja aβasˈkal esˈtɾaða), born 20 March 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish actress.	Silvia Abascal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tommaso Campanella OP (Italian: (tomˈmazo kampaˈnɛlla); 5 September 1568 -- 21 May 1639), baptized Giovanni Domenico Campanella, was a Dominican friar, Italian philosopher, theologian, astrologer, and poet.	Tommaso Campanella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Mittelstraß (born October 11, 1936 in Düsseldorf) is a German philosopher especially interested in the philosophy of science.	Jürgen Mittelstraß	German
languages spoken or written	Victor Cousin (French: (kuzɛ̃); 28 November 1792 -- 14 January 1867) was a French philosopher.	Victor Cousin	French
languages spoken or written	Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz, also known under his literary pseudonym Eleuter (20 February 1894 -- 2 March 1980), was a Polish poet, essayist, dramatist and writer.	Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Djenar Maesa Ayu (born 14 January 1973 in Jakarta, Indonesia), also known as Nay, is an Indonesian novelist, short story writer, actress, screenwriter, and filmmaker.	Djenar Maesa Ayu	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Rademann (24 November 1934 -- 31 January 2016) was a German television producer and journalist.	Wolfgang Rademann	German
languages spoken or written	Adalet Ağaoğlu (née Sümer in 1929) is a Turkish novelist and playwright.	Adalet Ağaoğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Gregor von Rezzori (May 13, 1914 -- April 23, 1998), born Gregor Arnulph Hilarius d'Arezzo, was an Austrian-born German-language novelist, memoirist, screenwriter and author of radio plays, as well as an actor, journalist, visual artist, art critic and art collector.	Gregor von Rezzori	German
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Naranjo is a celebrated Spanish painter, born in 1944 in Monesterio, in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.	Eduardo Naranjo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ivan Ivanovich Artobolevskii (September 26 (9 October), 1905, Moscow, Russian Empire - 21 September 1977, Moscow, USSR ) was a Soviet scientist and engineer, academician of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR, and Hero of Socialist Labor.	Ivan Ivanovich Artobolevski	Russian
languages spoken or written	Jeton Kelmendi (born 1978 in Peć, SFR Yugoslavia) is an Albanian journalist, poet, translator and political analyst.	Jeton Kelmendi	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Mícheál Ó Cléirigh (c. 1590 -- 1643), sometimes known as Michael O'Clery, was an Irish chronicler, scribe and antiquary and chief author of the Annals of the Four Masters, assisted by Cú Choigcríche Ó Cléirigh, Fearfeasa Ó Maol Chonaire, and Peregrinus Ó Duibhgeannain.	Mícheál Ó Cléirigh	Irish
languages spoken or written	Margaret Rumer Godden OBE (10 December 1907 -- 8 November 1998) was an English author of more than 60 fiction and nonfiction books written under the name of Rumer Godden.	Rumer Godden	English
languages spoken or written	Luis Jiménez de Asúa (June 19, 1889 in Madrid - November 16, 1970 in Buenos Aires) was a jurist and Spanish politician.	Luis Jiménez de Asúa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Croydon Marks, 1st Baron Marks (9 June 1858 -- 24 September 1938), known as Sir George Marks between 1911 and 1929, was an English engineer, patent agent and Liberal (later Labour) politician.	George Croydon Marks, 1st Baron Marks	English
languages spoken or written	Jan Huitema (born 5 July 1984) is a Dutch politician and dairy farmer.	Jan Huitema	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Matthias Claudius (August 15, 1740 -- January 21, 1815) was a German poet and journalist, otherwise known by the penname of ``Asmus''.	Matthias Claudius	German
languages spoken or written	Hellmuth von Mücke (1881--1957) was an Officer of the Kaiserliche Marine, the navy of the German Empire, in the early 20th Century and World War I.	Hellmuth von Mücke	German
languages spoken or written	Sanjay Khan (Hindi: संजय ख़ान) (born Abbas Khan) is an Indian producer, director and actor.	Sanjay Khan	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Fernand Angel (2 February 1881, Douzy -- 13 July 1950) was a French herpetologist.	Fernand Angel	French
languages spoken or written	André Hekking (20 July 1866 -- 14 December 1925) was a French cellist.	André Hekking	French
languages spoken or written	Stepan Mnatsakanian (Armenian: Ստեփան Մնացականյան; 1917--1994) was a Soviet Armenian architect.	Stepan Mnatsakanian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Felix Liebermann (20 July 1851 -- 7 October 1925) was a Jewish German historian, who is celebrated for his scholarly contributions to the study of medieval English history, particularly that of Anglo-Saxon and Anglo-Norman law.	Felix Liebermann	German
languages spoken or written	Talbot Mundy (born William Lancaster Gribbon, 23 April 1879 -- 5 August 1940) was an English-born American writer of adventure fiction.	Talbot Mundy	English
languages spoken or written	Sitanshu Yashaschandra Mehta, also known as Sitanshu Yashaschandra (born 1941), is Gujarati language poet, playwright, translator and academic from India.	Sitanshu Yashaschandra	Gujarati
languages spoken or written	Diego Aduarte OP (1570--1636; born in Zaragoza) was a Spanish Dominican friar and historian.	Diego Aduarte	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helius Eobanus Hessus (6 January 1488 -- 5 October 1540) was a German Latin poet born at Halgehausen in Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel).	Helius Eobanus Hessus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Petrarch however was primarily interested in writing and Latin literature and considered these seven years wasted.	Petrarch	Latin
languages spoken or written	Nuria Cabanillas Provencio (born 9 August 1980) is a Catalan-born and Extremaduran adoption rhythmic gymnast and Olympic Champion.	Nuria Cabanillas	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean-André Peyssonnel (19 June 1694 -- 24 December 1759) was a French physician and naturalist, known for his work in marine natural history.	Jean-André Peyssonnel	French
languages spoken or written	Janez Orešnik (born 12 December 1935) is a Slovene linguist.	Janez Orešnik	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Sir Nathaniel Curzon, 4th Baronet (1676--1758) was an English Tory politician who represented three constituencies in the 18th century.	Sir Nathaniel Curzon, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	William Shepherd Allen (22 June 1831 -- 15 January 1915) was an English Liberal politician, who also farmed in New Zealand and who was briefly an MP in that country.	William Shepherd Allen	English
languages spoken or written	Lucien Lorelle (1894--1968) was a French photographer and founder of the photography company Central Color, now known as Central Dupon Images.	Lucien Lorelle	French
languages spoken or written	Horia Hulubei (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈhori.a huluˈbej); November 15, 1896 -- November 22, 1972) was a Romanian atomic/nuclear physicist, known for his contributions to the development of X-ray spectroscopy.	Horia Hulubei	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Juhani Päiviö Tommila (4 August 1931 in Jyväskylä), is a Finnish historian and professor at Helsinki University.	Päiviö Tommila	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Avraham Eilat (Hebrew: אברהם אילת‎, born 1939 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli artist, educator and curator.	Avraham Eilat	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Matthias Blazek (born 1966) is a German local historian and journalist.	Matthias Blazek	German
languages spoken or written	Carl Fredrik Adelcrantz (30 January 1716 -- 1 March 1796) was a Swedish architect and civil servant.	Carl Fredrik Adelcrantz	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Edith Helen Sichel (1862-1914) was an English author, sister of Walter Sichel.	Edith Helen Sichel	English
languages spoken or written	Antony Tudor (4 April 1908 -- 19 April 1987) was an English ballet choreographer, teacher and dancer.	Antony Tudor	English
languages spoken or written	Francesca Alexander (February 27, 1837 -- January 21, 1917), born Esther Francesca Alexander and also known as Fanny Alexander, was an American illustrator, author, and translator from the Italian.	Francesca Alexander	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Elías Riquelme (Huelva, 26 June 1890 -- Barcelona, 8 June 1977) was a Spanish film producer.	Francisco Elías Riquelme	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Mendeluk (Ukrainian: Джордж Менделюк) (born March 20, 1948 in Augsburg, Bavaria) is a German-born Canadian film director, television director and writer of Ukrainian descent.	George Mendeluk	German
languages spoken or written	Marie-Jeanne Rose Bertin (2 July 1747, Abbeville, Picardy, France -- 22 September 1813, Épinay-sur-Seine) was a French milliner and dressmaker to Queen Marie Antoinette.	Rose Bertin	French
languages spoken or written	Saira Banu was 16 years old in 1960, the year she made her debut to Hindi films.	Saira Banu	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Duran Çetin (February 15, 1964) is a Turkish author of stories and novels.	Duran Çetin	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Adrien Douady (French: (dwadi); 25 September 1935 -- 2 November 2006) was a French mathematician.	Adrien Douady	French
languages spoken or written	Nada Klaić (Zagreb, 21 July 1920 -- 2 August 1988, Zagreb) was a Croatian historian.	Nada Klaić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Eunice Muñoz, OSE, GCIH (born July 30, 1928) is a Portuguese actress.	Eunice Muñoz	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Paul Wilhelm Schmiedel (December 22, 1851 -- April 10, 1935) was a German theologian and professor of New Testament exegesis born in Zaukeroda (Zauckerode, now a part of Freital, Saxony) near Dresden.	Paul Wilhelm Schmiedel	German
languages spoken or written	Emilio García Gómez, 1st Count of Alixares (4 June 1905 -- 31 May 1995) was a Spanish Arabist, literary historian and critic, whose talent as a poet enriched his many translations from Arabic.	Emilio García Gómez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Susanne Rode-Breymann (born 29 May 1958 in Hamburg) is a German musicologist and since 2010 the president of the prestigious Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover in Hanover.	Susanne Rode-Breymann	German
languages spoken or written	Seraya Shapshal or His Excellency Hajji Seraya Khan Shapshal (Karaim: Серая Бен Мордехай Шапшал; Russian: Серге́й Маркович Шапшал; Polish: Seraj Szapszał) (1873-1961) was a hakham and leader of the Crimean and then the Polish and Lithuanian Crimean Karaites (Karaim) community.	Seraya Shapshal	Polish
languages spoken or written	Bruno Fortichiari (February 8, 1892 - January 4, 1981) was an Italian politician and communist revolutionary.	Bruno Fortichiari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nicla Vassallo (born 1963), is an Italian philosopher with research and teaching interests in epistemology, philosophy of knowledge, theoretical philosophy, as well as feminist philosophy.	Nicla Vassallo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luís André de Pina Cabral e Villas-Boas (Portuguese pronunciation: (luˈiʃ ɐ̃ˈdɾɛ dɨ ˈpinɐ kɐˈbɾaɫ i ˈviɫɐʒ ˈboɐʃ); born 17 October 1977), known as André Villas-Boas, is a Portuguese football manager who is the current manager of Russian club Zenit Saint Petersburg.	André Villas-Boas	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Paolo Roversi (born 1947) is an Italian-born fashion photographer who lives and works in Paris.	Paolo Roversi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ernest Thiel's parents were the Belgian Catholic engineer Jacques Thiel and Fanny Stiebel, of German-Jewish origin.	Ernest Thiel	German
languages spoken or written	Vadim Zeland (Rus. Вадим Зеланд) is a contemporary Russian mystic and writer.	Vadim Zeland	Russian
languages spoken or written	Sir William Dugdale (12 September 1605 -- 10 February 1686) was an English antiquary and herald.	William Dugdale	English
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Stephen Ross, OBE (born 17 November 1960) is an English television and radio presenter, film critic, and actor best known for presenting the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross during the 2000s.	Jonathan Ross	English
languages spoken or written	More of his published writings are listed at Friedrich Hiebel in German Wikipedia and at German National Library.	Friedrich Hiebel	German
languages spoken or written	Leonardo Polo (February 1, 1926 -- February 9, 2013) was a renowned Spanish philosopher best known for his philosophical method called abandonment of the mental limit and the profound philosophical implications and results of the application of this method.	Leonardo Polo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alethea Lewis (born 19 December 1749, buried 12 November 1827) was an English novelist, born at Acton, near Nantwich, Cheshire.	Alethea Lewis	English
languages spoken or written	Mathias-Marie Duval (7 February 1844 -- 28 February 1907) was a French professor of anatomy and histology born in Grasse.	Mathias-Marie Duval	French
languages spoken or written	Samuel Musgrave, FRS (29 September 1732 -- 5 July 1780) was an English classical scholar and physician.	Samuel Musgrave	English
languages spoken or written	Józef Maria Hoene-Wroński (French: Josef Hoëné-Wronski; originally Josef Hoëné; 23 August 1776 -- 9 August 1853) was a Polish Messianist philosopher, mathematician, physicist, inventor, lawyer, and economist.	Józef Maria Hoene-Wroński	French	Polish
languages spoken or written	Iván Pozo (born 26 August 1979, Vigo, Spain) is a retired Spanish professional boxer.	Iván Pozo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir (born November 24, 1963) is an Icelandic children's writer.	Kristín Helga Gunnarsdóttir	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Alphonse Roque-Ferrier (1 August 1844 -- 18 June 1907) was a French philologist and historian of the occitan language.	Alphonse Roque-Ferrier	French
languages spoken or written	Fuad Jorge Jury (28 May 1938 -- 5 November 2012), commonly known as Leonardo Favio (Spanish pronunciation: (leoˈnarðo ˈfaβjo)), was an Argentine singer, actor, film director and screenwriter.	Leonardo Favio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Imre Trencsényi-Waldapfel (Budapest, 16 June 1908 - Budapest, 3 June 1970), was a Hungarian classical scholar, and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Imre Trencsényi-Waldapfel	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Blessed Louis-Édouard Cestac (6 January 1801 - 27 March 1868) was a French Roman Catholic priest and was the co-founder of the Servants of Mary.	Louis-Édouard Cestac	French
languages spoken or written	Stefan Banach ((ˈstɛfan ˈbanax); 30 March 1892 -- 31 August 1945) was a Polish mathematician who is generally considered one of the world's most important and influential 20th-century mathematicians.	Stefan Banach	Polish
languages spoken or written	İsmail Cem (born İsmail Cem İpekçi, 15 February 1940 -- 24 January 2007) was a Turkish politician, journalist, statesman and minister of foreign affairs.	İsmail Cem	Turkish
languages spoken or written	John Lewis Brown (1829 -- 1890) was a French battle, animal, and genre painter.	John Lewis Brown	French
languages spoken or written	Rachid Driss (Arabic: الرشيد إدريس) (January 27, 1917 -- September 5, 2009) was a Tunisian diplomat and writer.	Rachid Driss	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Shulim or Nikolai Aleksandrovich Notovich (Николай Александрович Нотович), known in the West as Nicolas Notovitch (1858-after 1916) was a Crimean Jewish adventurer who claimed to be a Russian aristocrat and journalist.	Nicolas Notovitch	Russian
languages spoken or written	Hans Christian Lumbye (Danish pronunciation: (lɔmˈbyː); 2 May 1810 -- 20 March 1874) was a Danish composer of waltzes, polkas, mazurkas and galops, among other things.	Hans Christian Lumbye	Danish
languages spoken or written	Julius Stinde (28 August 1841 -- 5 August 1905), German author, was born at Kirchnüchel in Holstein, the son of a clergyman.	Julius Stinde	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz (April 23, 1805 -- July 14, 1879) was a German philosopher and pedagogue.	Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz	German
languages spoken or written	Edward Aldam Leatham (2 August 1828 -- 6 February 1900) was an English Liberal Member of Parliament.	Edward Aldam Leatham	English
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado (1530--1593) was a Spanish captain who was one of the more successful soldiers in the Arauco War in Chile rising to the rank of Maestre de Campo and temporary Capitán General of the Captaincy General of Chile.	Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Walter Flex (6 July 1887 -- 16 October 1917) was a German author responsible for Der Wanderer zwischen beiden Welten (The Wanderer between Two Worlds), a war novel dealing with themes of humanity, friendship, and suffering during World War I.	Walter Flex	German
languages spoken or written	Georg Heinrich von Görtz, Baron of Schlitz (1668 -- February 19, 1719), diplomat in Swedish service, was born in Holstein and educated at Jena.	Georg Heinrich von Görtz	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Rives (born 31 December 1952) is a French champion rugby player and visual artist.	Jean-Pierre Rives	French
languages spoken or written	Amancio Amaro Varela, (born 16 October 1939 in A Coruña, Galicia) commonly known simply as Amancio, is a former Spanish football player.	Amancio Amaro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luc Foisneau, born in Blois on the 30th March 1963, is a French philosopher specialising in contemporary political thought and that of the Early Modern period.	Luc Foisneau	French
languages spoken or written	Jakob van Hoddis (May 16, 1887 in Berlin -- 1942 in Sobibor) was the pen name of a German-Jewish expressionist poet Hans Davidsohn, of which name ``Van Hoddis'' is an anagram.	Jakob van Hoddis	German
languages spoken or written	Gottschalk Eduard Guhrauer (15 May 1809 -- 5 January 1854) was a German philologist and biographer.	Gottschalk Eduard Guhrauer	German
languages spoken or written	Friedrich August Moritz Retzsch (December 9, 1779 - June 11, 1857) was a German painter, draughtsman, and etcher.	Moritz Retzsch	German
languages spoken or written	Helena Dahlbäck (1960--2000) was a Swedish author who wrote several children's books, for example My Sister Lotta and Me.	Helena Dahlbäck	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Gert Wingårdh (born 1951) is a Swedish architect whose company, Wingårdh arkitektkontor, maintains an international practice.	Gert Wingårdh	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Sergio Blanco Rivas (17 November 1948 -- 15 February 2015) and Estíbaliz Uranga Amézaga (or Estíbaliz Uranga; born 9 December 1952), known professionally as Sergio y Estíbaliz, were a Spanish vocal duo, who also worked with groups Mocedades and El Consorcio.	Sergio y Estíbaliz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix (May 12, 1706--February 19, 1767) was a French physician and botanist who was a native of Alès.	François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix	French
languages spoken or written	John Fane, 7th Earl of Westmorland (24 March 1685 -- 26 August 1762), styled The Honourable John Fane from 1691 to 1733 and Lord Catherlough from 1733 to 1736, was an English nobleman and soldier.	John Fane, 7th Earl of Westmorland	English
languages spoken or written	Count Burkhard Christoph von Münnich (9 May 1683 -- 16 October 1767) (Христофо́р Анто́нович Миних) was a German soldier-engineer who became a field marshal and political figure in the Russian Empire.	Burkhard Christoph von Münnich	German
languages spoken or written	William Murray, 1st Earl of Mansfield, SL, PC (2 March 1705 -- 20 March 1793) was a British barrister, politician and judge noted for his reform of English law.	William Murray, 1st Earl of Mansfield	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Basil Henry Liddell Hart (31 October 1895 -- 29 January 1970), commonly known throughout most of his career as Captain B. H. Liddell Hart, was an English soldier, military historian and military theorist.	B. H. Liddell Hart	English
languages spoken or written	Noël du Fail, seigneur de La Hérissaye (c.1520--1591) was a French jurist and writer of the Renaissance.	Noël du Fail	French
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Steinwand (4 August 1906 -- 10 November 1982) was a German politician (KPD, SED).	Rudolf Steinwand	German
languages spoken or written	Camille Bulcke (1 September 1909 -- 17 August 1982) was a Belgian Jesuit missionary in India, who attained pre-eminence in the Hindi language and came to be known as ``India's most famous Christian Hindi scholar''.	Camille Bulcke	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Klaus G. Troitzsch (* 28. November 1946, in Ilsede-Oberg, Lower Saxony) is a German sociologist.	Klaus G. Troitzsch	German
languages spoken or written	Anthony Cave Brown (March 21, 1929 in Bath - July 14, 2006 in Warrenton, Virginia) was an English-American journalist, espionage non-fiction writer, and historian.	Anthony Cave Brown	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel (born 1966 in Santa Isabel, Spanish Guinea - now Malabo, Equatorial Guinea) is an Annobonese writer from Equatorial Guinea.	Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leone Ginzburg (Italian: (leˈone ˈɡintsburɡ); 4 April 1909 -- 5 February 1944) was an Italian editor, writer, journalist and teacher, as well as an important anti-fascist political activist and a hero of the resistance movement.	Leone Ginzburg	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir William John Newton (1785--1869) was an English miniature-painter, in fashion in the early part of the 19th century.	William John Newton	English
languages spoken or written	Vincenz Priessnitz, also written Prießnitz (sometimes in German Vinzenz, in English Vincent, in Czech Vincenc; 4 October 1799 -- 26 November 1851) was a peasant farmer in Gräfenberg, Austrian Silesia, who is generally considered the founder of modern hydrotherapy, which is used in alternative and orthodox medicine.	Vincenz Priessnitz	German
languages spoken or written	Daniela Hodrová (born 5 July 1946) is a Czech writer and literary scholar.	Daniela Hodrová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Roy Carr is an English music journalist.	Roy Carr	English
languages spoken or written	Renzo De Felice (8 April 1929 -- 25 May 1996) was an Italian historian, who specialized in the Fascist era, writing - among others - a 6000-page biography of Mussolini (4 volumes, 1965--97).	Renzo De Felice	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joan Orpí i del Pou, also Juan Orpín or Juan Urpín (1593 in Piera -- 1 July 1645 in Barcelona, Venezuela) was a Spanish conquistador, known for founding New Barcelona in Venezuela, and for founding the short-lived Province of New Catalonia (1633--1654).	Joan Orpí	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Frank Hornby (15 May 1863 -- 21 September 1936) was an English inventor, businessman and politician.	Frank Hornby	English
languages spoken or written	Raquel Sánchez-Silva (born 13 January 1973 in Plasencia, Cáceres, Spain) is a Spanish television conductor and journalist.	Raquel Sánchez-Silva	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kate Sedley is the pen-name of Brenda Margaret Lilian Honeyman Clarke, an English historical novelist.	Kate Sedley	English
languages spoken or written	Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel (18 October 1850 -- 16 March 1913) was a French painter and illustrator best known for his watercolors for children's books.	Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel	French
languages spoken or written	Karuna Banerjee (Bengali: করুণা ব্যানার্জী) (December 25, 1919 -- November 13, 2001) was a Bengali actress best known for her role in Satyajit Ray's The Apu Trilogy (1955--1959) as the long suffering mother, Sarbajaya.	Karuna Banerjee	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Vittoria Accoramboni (15 February 1557 -- 22 December 1585) was an Italian noblewoman.	Vittoria Accoramboni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho (December 15, 1907 -- December 5, 2012), known as Oscar Niemeyer (Brazilian Portuguese: (ɔʃˈkaʁ ˈniemajeʁ)), was a Brazilian architect who is considered to be one of the key figures in the development of modern architecture.	Oscar Niemeyer	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	John Ord (1729?--1814) was an English barrister and politician.	John Ord	English
languages spoken or written	Literature by and about Herbert Cahn at the Deutsche National Bibliotek (in German)	Herbert Cahn	German
languages spoken or written	Bruno Villabruna (1884 - 1971) was an Italian lawyer and liberal politician.	Bruno Villabruna	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hristina Hristova Velcheva (Bulgarian: Христина Христова Велчева) (born 21 January 1954 in Popitza, Vratsa Oblast) is a Bulgarian politician and former Member of the European Parliament.	Hristina Hristova	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	László Lajtha (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlaːsloː ˈlɒjtɒ); 30 June 1892 -- 16 February 1963) was a Hungarian composer, ethnomusicologist and conductor.	László Lajtha	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Lawrence PRA FRS (13 April 1769 -- 7 January 1830) was a leading English portrait painter and the second president of the Royal Academy.	Thomas Lawrence	English
languages spoken or written	Antun Mihanović (1796-1861) was a notable Croatian poet and lyricist, most famous for writing the national anthem of Croatia, which was put to music by Josif Runjanin and adopted in 1891.	Antun Mihanović	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Werner Veigel (9 November 1928 -- 2 May 1995) was a Dutch-born German journalist and news presenter.	Werner Veigel	German
languages spoken or written	Marcel-Auguste Dieulafoy (August 3, 1844 - February 25, 1920) was a French archaeologist, noted for his excavations at Susa (modern-day Shush, Iran) in 1885 and for his work, L'Art antique de la Perse.	Marcel-Auguste Dieulafoy	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Copland (fl. 1515), English printer and author, is said to have been a servant of William Caxton, and certainly worked for Wynkyn de Worde.	Robert Copland	English
languages spoken or written	Uriel Ofek (Hebrew: אוריאל אופק, born: 30 June 1926 in Tel Aviv -- 23 January 1987) was an Israeli writer for children and youth, editor, lyricist, poet, translator and children's literature scholar.	Uriel Ofek	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Luo Niansheng (simplified Chinese: 罗念生; traditional Chinese: 羅念生; pinyin: Luó Niànshēng; 12 July 1904 - 10 April 1990) was a Chinese translator.	Luo Niansheng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Leelo Tungal (born 22 June 1947 in Tallinn) is an Estonian poet, children's literature author, editor and librettist.	Leelo Tungal	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Sten Nadolny, (born 29 July 1942, in Zehdenick, Province of Brandenburg) is a German novelist.	Sten Nadolny	German
languages spoken or written	Tie Ning (simplified Chinese: 铁凝; traditional Chinese: 鐵凝; pinyin: Tiě Níng; Wade--Giles: T'ieh Ning; born September 1957) is a Chinese author based in Beijing, China.	Tie Ning	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Maurice Debesse (1903--1998) was a French educator.	Maurice Debesse	French
languages spoken or written	Neal Asher (born 4 February 1961 in Billericay, Essex, England) is an English science fiction writer.	Neal Asher	English
languages spoken or written	Naomi Chazan (Hebrew: נעמי חזן‎, born 18 November 1946) is an Israeli academic, activist, and politician.	Naomi Chazan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Johann Sommer (Latin: Ioannes Sommerus; 1542--1574) was a Transylvanian Saxon Protestant theologian, poet and Despot Vodă's biographer.	Johann Sommer	Latin
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe D'Agata (11 January 1927 -- 29 March 2011) was an Italian author, screenwriter and television writer.	Giuseppe D'Agata	Italian
languages spoken or written	V. K. Govindan Nair (4 February 1903 - 15 October 1977) was a Malayalam poet from Kerala, India.	V. K. Govindan Nair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Juan de la Cruz Mourgeón y Achet (died April 1822 in Quito) was a Spanish general and colonial administrator.	Juan de la Cruz Mourgeón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja (January 1, 1803 -- September 28, 1869) was an Italian count and mathematician, who became known for his love and subsequent theft of ancient and precious manuscripts.	Guglielmo Libri Carucci dalla Sommaja	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henry of Settimello (in Latin, Henricus Septimellensis or Henricus Pauper; in Italian, Arrigo or Arrighetto da Settimello) was a late 12th-century Italian poet.	Henry of Settimello	Latin
languages spoken or written	Cezar Petrescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈt͡ʃezar peˈtresku); December 1, 1892, Cotnari, Iaşi County--March 9, 1961) was a Romanian journalist, novelist and children's writer.	Cezar Petrescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Aly (August 12, 1881 in Magdeburg - September 3, 1962 in Phaistos auf Kreta) was a German classical philologist.	Wolfgang Aly	German
languages spoken or written	María Teresa Moure Pereiro (Born in 1969, Monforte de Lemos, Spain) is a Galician writer.	Teresa Moure	Galician
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo Argote de Molina (1548--1596) was a Spanish writer, historian and genealogist.	Gonzalo Argote de Molina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lillah McCarthy (22 September 1875 -- 15 April 1960) was an English actress and theatrical manager.	Lillah McCarthy	English
languages spoken or written	Claude Balbastre (December 8, 1724 -- May 9, 1799) was a French composer, organist, harpsichordist and fortepianist.	Claude Balbastre	French
languages spoken or written	Hrand Nazariantz (Հրանտ Նազարեանց, January 8, 1886 -- January 25, 1962) was an Ottoman Armenian poet and translator who lived most of his life in Italy.	Hrand Nazariantz	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Paulo Cafôfo is the Mayor (Presidente da Câmara in Portuguese) of Funchal, Madeira.	Paulo Cafôfo	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Alberto Belsué Arias (born 2 March 1968 in Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back.	Alberto Belsué	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Daniel Brel (born 1950 in Égleny) is a French composer, accordionist and bandoneón player.	Daniel Brel	French
languages spoken or written	Pável Pardo Segura (Spanish (pa'bel pa'rdo) ;born 26 July 1976) is a retired Mexican international footballer who last played with the Chicago Fire of Major League Soccer.	Pável Pardo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dominique-Octave Mannoni (29 August 1899, Sologne -- 30 July 1989) was a French psychoanalyst and author.	Octave Mannoni	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Heinz Holz (26 February 1927 -- 11 December 2011) was a German Marxist philosopher.	Hans Heinz Holz	German
languages spoken or written	Ana María Moix (12 April 1947 -- 28 February 2014) was a Spanish poet, novelist, short story writer, translator and editor.	Ana María Moix	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Arsène d'Arsonval (June 8, 1851 -- December 31, 1940) was a French physician, physicist, and inventor of the moving-coil D'Arsonval galvanometer and the thermocouple ammeter.	Jacques-Arsène d'Arsonval	French
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Arcimboldo (Italian: (dʒuˈzɛppe artʃimˈbɔldo); also spelled Arcimboldi) (1526 or 1527 -- July 11, 1593) was an Italian painter best known for creating imaginative portrait heads made entirely of objects such as fruits, vegetables, flowers, fish, and books.	Giuseppe Arcimboldo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Christian August Gottlob Eberhard (12 January 1769 -- 13 May 1845) was a German miscellaneous writer.	Christian August Gottlob Eberhard	German
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Thein (4 July 1930 -- 21 June 1995) was a German actor film director and screenwriter.	Ulrich Thein	German
languages spoken or written	Iorgu Iordan (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈjorɡu jorˈdan); also known as Jorgu Jordan or Iorgu Jordan; September 29 (O.S. October 11) 1888--September 20, 1986) was a Romanian linguist, philologist, diplomat, journalist, and left-wing agrarian, later communist, politician.	Iorgu Iordan	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Octavian Paler (Romanian pronunciation: (oktaviˈan ˈpalər) or (ˈpaler); July 2, 1926 -- May 7, 2007) was a Romanian writer, journalist, politician in Communist Romania, and civil society activist in post-1989 Romania.	Octavian Paler	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Julius Plücker (16 June or 16 July 1801 -- 22 May 1868) was a German mathematician and physicist.	Julius Plücker	German
languages spoken or written	Zygmunt Kubiak (30 April 1929, Warsaw -- 19 March 2004) was a Polish writer, essayist, translator, propagator of the antique culture, and professor at the University of Warsaw.	Zygmunt Kubiak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Charles Harvey Combe (February 1863-August 1935) was a Conservative Member of Parliament from 1892 and 1897 for the English constituency of Chertsey.	Charles Harvey Combe	English
languages spoken or written	Andrea Bocskor (Hungarian: Bocskor Andrea, Ukrainian: Андрея Бочкор; born 11 August 1978) is a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) representing Hungary.	Andrea Bocskor	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Kętrzyński (Polish pronunciation: (staˈɲiswaf kɛnˈtʂɨɲskʲi); born September 10, 1878 in Lwów, Austrian Empire, died May 26, 1950 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish historian and diplomat.	Stanisław Kętrzyński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Károly Marót (Arad, 2 March 1885 - Budapest, 27 October 1963), was a Hungarian classical scholar, philologist and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Károly Marót	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Johann Friedrich Pfaff (sometimes spelled Friederich; 22 December 1765 -- 21 April 1825) was a German mathematician.	Johann Friedrich Pfaff	German
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Sundukian (Armenian: Գաբրիել Սունդուկյան; 11 July 1825 - 29 March 1912) was an Armenian writer and playwright, the founder of modern Armenian drama.	Gabriel Sundukian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Stefan Lochner (the Dombild Master or Master Stefan) (c. 1410--1451) was a German painter working in the late ``soft style'' of the International Gothic.	Stefan Lochner	German
languages spoken or written	Cristóbal Martín de Herrera (Aldeadávila de la Ribera, Spain, 20 March 1831 - Madrid, Spain, 1878) was a Spanish politician who served as Ministry of Public Works in the reign of Alfonso XII.	Cristóbal Martín de Herrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nehemiah Wallington (1598 -- 1658) was an English Puritan artisan (a wood turner) and chronicler.	Nehemiah Wallington	English
languages spoken or written	Willi Sänger (21 May 1894 in Berlin, Germany - 27 November 1944 in Brandenburg, Germany) was a German Communist and resistance fighter against the Nazis.	Willi Sänger	German
languages spoken or written	Bartomeu Rosselló-Pòrcel (Catalan pronunciation: (bərtuˈmɛw rusəˈʎo ˈpɔrsəɫ)) (3 August 1913 in Palma, Majorca -- 5 January 1938 in El Brull, Barcelona) was a Spanish Balearic poet, who wrote in Catalan.	Bartomeu Rosselló-Pòrcel	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Josep Maria Bayarri i Hurtado (Valencian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛb maˈɾi.a βaˈjari)) (Alboraya (Valencia), Spain, 1886-1970) was a writer and poet, also known as Xusep Maria Vaiarri.	Josep Maria Bayarri	Valencian
languages spoken or written	Percy Wyndham Lewis (18 November 1882 -- 7 March 1957) was an English painter and author (he dropped the name 'Percy', which he disliked).	Wyndham Lewis	English
languages spoken or written	From his consulting work and media presence, Michel Rolland has influenced many aspects of both the French and global wine industry.	Michel Rolland	French
languages spoken or written	Vincenzo Cerami (2 November 1940 -- 17 July 2013) was an Italian screenwriter, novelist and poet.	Vincenzo Cerami	Italian
languages spoken or written	Toni Acosta (La Orotava, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 10 April 1972) is a Spanish actress.	Toni Acosta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yosef Haim Brenner (Hebrew: יוסף חיים ברנר‎, also Yosef Chaim Brenner, 1881--1921) was a Russian-born Hebrew-language author and one of the pioneers of modern Hebrew literature.	Yosef Haim Brenner	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Jan Kochanowski (Polish: (ˈjan kɔxaˈnɔfskʲi); 1530 -- 22 August 1584) was a Polish Renaissance poet who established poetic patterns that would become integral to the Polish literary language.	Jan Kochanowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sebastian de Aparicio y del Pardo, O.F.M., was a Spanish colonist in Mexico shortly after its conquest by Spain, who after a lifetime as a rancher and road builder entered the Order of Friars Minor as a lay brother.	Sebastian de Aparicio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Peter Ludwig Mejdell Sylow (IPA: ( ˈsyːlɔv)) (12 December 1832 -- 7 September 1918) was a Norwegian mathematician who proved foundational results in group theory.	Peter Ludwig Mejdell Sylow	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Eugen Drewermann (born 20 June 1940) is a German church critic, theologian, peace activist and former Roman Catholic priest.	Eugen Drewermann	German
languages spoken or written	Angelo Oliviero Olivetti (1874 -- 17 November 1931) was an Italian lawyer, journalist, and political activist.	Angelo Oliviero Olivetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan de Herrera (1530 -- 15 January 1597) was a Spanish architect, mathematician and geometrician.	Juan de Herrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre du Calvet (1735 -- March 28, 1786) was a Montreal trader, justice of the peace, political prisoner and epistle writer of French Huguenot origin.	Pierre du Calvet	French
languages spoken or written	Samson Raphael Hirsch (June 20, 1808 -- December 31, 1888) was a German rabbi best known as the intellectual founder of the Torah im Derech Eretz school of contemporary Orthodox Judaism.	Samson Raphael Hirsch	German
languages spoken or written	Nirmal Verma (Devanāgarī: निर्मल वर्मा; 3 April 1929 -- 25 October 2005) was a Hindi writer, novelist, activist and translator.	Nirmal Verma	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Macarena Gómez Traseira (born 2 February 1978) is a Spanish actress, known for her role of Lola in the current television series La que se avecina, aired on Telecinco.	Macarena Gómez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stamp Brooksbank (1694 -- 24 May 1756) was an English MP and Governor of the Bank of England.	Stamp Brooksbank	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Gerhard i Ottenwaelder (Catalan pronunciation: (ruˈβɛrd ʒəˈɾart); 25 September 1896 -- 5 January 1970) was a Catalan composer and musical scholar and writer, generally known outside Catalonia as Roberto Gerhard.	Roberto Gerhard	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Zhang Xianliang (Chinese: 张贤亮; December 1936 -- 27 September 2014) was a Chinese author and poet, and former president of the China Writer Association in Ningxia.	Zhang Xianliang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Patrick Marnham is an English writer, journalist and biographer.	Patrick Marnham	English
languages spoken or written	Charles-Robert Ageron (6 November 1923 -- 3 September 2008) was a French historian specializing in colonial Algeria.	Charles-Robert Ageron	French
languages spoken or written	Wolfram Saenger (born 1939) is a German biochemist and protein crystallographer.	Wolfram Saenger	German
languages spoken or written	Attila Kotányi (Hungarian: (ˈɒtilːɒ ˈkotaːɲi); 1924, Hungary -- 18 October 2003, Düsseldorf) was a poet, philosopher, writer and architect-urbanist.	Attila Kotányi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Armand Thomas Hue de Miromesnil (15 September 1723 - 6 July 1796) was a minister of the French Ancien Régime who served as Keeper of the Seals under Louis XVI.	Armand Thomas Hue de Miromesnil	French
languages spoken or written	Albert Hotopp (20 September 1886 -- 1 August 1942) was a German political activist and writer.	Albert Hotopp	German
languages spoken or written	Arthur Bingham Walkley (17 December 1855 -- 7 October 1926), usually known as A B Walkley was an English public servant and drama critic.	Arthur Bingham Walkley	English
languages spoken or written	Zigmantas Balčytis (born 16 November 1953 in Šilutė district municipality) is a Lithuanian politician who briefly served as acting Prime Minister of Lithuania in 2006.	Zigmantas Balčytis	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Agnete Friis (born 1974) is a Danish writer who is best known for co-authoring Drengen i kufferten, or The Boy in the Suitcase.	Agnete Friis	Danish
languages spoken or written	Casimir Davaine (March 19, 1812 -- 14 October 1882) was a French physician known for his work in the field of microbiology.	Casimir Davaine	French
languages spoken or written	Iwasa Matabei (Japanese: 岩佐 又兵衛; original name Araki Katsumochi 1578 -- July 20, 1650) was a Japanese artist of the early Tokugawa period (1603--1867), who specialized in genre scenes of historical events and illustrations of classical Chinese and Japanese literature, as well as portraits.	Iwasa Matabei	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Ilvo Diamanti (born Cuneo, September 4, 1952) is an Italian political scientist.	Ilvo Diamanti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gustavo César Veloso (born January 29, 1980 in Vilagarcía de Arousa) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI Continental team W52-Quinta da Lixa, after his previous team, Andalucía, folded.	Gustavo César	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tore Zetterholm (1915--2001) was a Swedish novelist, playwright and journalist.	Tore Zetterholm	Swedish
languages spoken or written	François Michel de Rozière (29 September 1775, Melun - 4 November 1842, Melun) was a French mining engineer.	François Michel de Rozière	French
languages spoken or written	Simon Atumano was the Bishop of Gerace in Calabria from 23 June 1348 until 1366 and the Latin Archbishop of Thebes thereafter until 1380.	Simon Atumano	Latin
languages spoken or written	Christiaan Huygens, FRS (/ˈhaɪɡənz/ or /ˈhɔɪɡənz/; Dutch: (ˈɦœy̆ɣə(n)s)) (Latin: Hugenius) (14 April 1629 -- 8 July 1695) was a prominent Dutch mathematician and scientist.	Christiaan Huygens	Latin
languages spoken or written	Mildred Archer OBE (28 December 1911 in London -- 4 February 2005) was an English art historian who specialized in 18th- and 19th-century art in British India.	Mildred Archer	English
languages spoken or written	Tamara Milosevic (born 1976 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German documentary filmer of Serbian descent.	Tamara Milosevic	German
languages spoken or written	Theophanes the Greek (sometimes ``Feofan Grek'' from the Russian: Феофан Грек, Greek: Θεοφάνης; c. 1340 -- c. 1410) was a Byzantine Greek artist and one of the greatest icon painters of Muscovite Russia, and was noted as the teacher and mentor of the great Andrei Rublev.	Theophanes the Greek	Russian
languages spoken or written	William Coare Brocklehurst (9 February 1818 -- 3 June 1900) was an English Liberal Party politician and head of a family of silk producers in Macclesfield in the 19th century.	William Coare Brocklehurst	English
languages spoken or written	Arsène Wenger, OBE (French pronunciation: ​(aʁsɛn vɛŋ(ɡ)ɛʁ); born 22 October 1949), is a French football manager and former player.	Arsène Wenger	French
languages spoken or written	Syed Imtiaz Ali Taj (Urdu: سیّد امتیاز علی تاؔج‎; Sayyid Imtiyāz ʿAlī Tāj 1900--1970) was a dramatist who wrote in the Urdu language.	Imtiaz Ali Taj	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Luis López Guerra (born 15 November 1947) is a Spanish judge born in León and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Spain.	Luis López Guerra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	A. C. Zainuddin (12 May 1952 -- 4 November 1999) was a popular Malayalam film comedian actor.	A. C. Zainuddin	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Johannes Helms (8 November 1828 -- 4 December 1895) was a Danish writer and schoolmaster who experienced the Three Years' War firsthand.	Johannes Helms	Danish
languages spoken or written	Anna Elisabeth Franziska Adolphine Wilhelmine Louise Maria, Freiin von Droste zu Hülshoff, known as Annette von Droste-Hülshoff (German: (aˈnɛtə fɔn ˈdʁɔstəˈhʏlshɔf); January 10 or 12 1797 -- May 24, 1848), was a 19th-century German writer and composer.	Annette von Droste-Hülshoff	German
languages spoken or written	Joël Dupuch is a French oyster farmer, restaurateur, author and actor.	Joël Dupuch	French
languages spoken or written	Benedetto Castelli (1578 -- 9 April 1643), born Antonio Castelli, was an Italian mathematician.	Benedetto Castelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Roch Coignet (16 August 1776 -- 10 December 1865) was a French soldier who served in the military campaigns of the Consulate and First French Empire, up through the Battle of Waterloo.	Jean-Roch Coignet	French
languages spoken or written	Saadallah Wannous (Arabic: سعد الله ونوس‎), (1941--1997) Syrian playwright.	Saadallah Wannous	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Felix Rexhausen (31 December 1932 -- 6 February 1992) was a German journalist, editor and author.	Felix Rexhausen	German
languages spoken or written	Tadeusz Łopalewski (born August 17, 1900 in Ostrowce, died March 29, 1979) was a Polish poet, prose writer, dramatist and translator of Russian literature and producer of many radio programs.	Tadeusz Łopalewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sir Clement Wearg (1686--1726) was an English lawyer and politician, solicitor-general from 1724.	Clement Wearg	English
languages spoken or written	Émile Puech (born 9 May 1941, at Cazelles de Sébrazac, Estaing, Aveyron, France) is a French Catholic priest, scholar and editor in chief of Manuscrits de la mer Morte.	Émile Puech	French
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Mosca (April 1, 1858 -- November 8, 1941) was an Italian political scientist, journalist and public servant.	Gaetano Mosca	Italian
languages spoken or written	Otfrid von Hanstein (1869--1959) was a German actor and writer.	Otfrid von Hanstein	German
languages spoken or written	Herman Grimm (1828--1901) was a German academic and writer.	Herman Grimm	German
languages spoken or written	Władysław Młynek (6 June 1930 in Gródek -- 1 December 1997 in Nawsie) was a Polish teacher, writer and poet from Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Władysław Młynek	Polish
languages spoken or written	Silvana Mangano (Italian pronunciation: (silˈvaːna ˈmaŋɡano); 21 April 1930 -- 16 December 1989) was an Italian actress.	Silvana Mangano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo López Mulero (May 12, 1889 - February 14, 1972) was a Spanish politician and the mayor of Oviedo.	Lorenzo López Mulero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Julius von Sachs (German: (zaks); 2 October 1832 -- 29 May 1897) was a German botanist from Breslau, Prussian Silesia.	Julius von Sachs	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Bazelaire (4 March 1886 -- 11 December 1958) was a French cellist and composer.	Paul Bazelaire	French
languages spoken or written	Ernests Birznieks-Upītis (born 6. April 1871 - 30 December 1960, Riga) was a Latvian writer, translator and librarian.	Ernests Birznieks-Upītis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Marcos Jiménez de la Espada (1831--1898) was a Spanish zoologist, herpetologist, explorer and writer, born in Cartagena, Spain, although he spent most of his life in Madrid, where he died.	Marcos Jiménez de la Espada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christian Frederik Møller (31 October 1898 -- 5 November 1988), generally referred to as C. F. Møller, was a Danish architect, professor and, from 1965 to 1969, the first rector of the Aarhus School of Architecture.	C. F. Møller	Danish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Renaud (born November 23, 1962) is a French sprint canoer who competed during the 1980s.	Philippe Renaud	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Fairfax Murray (1849 -- 1919), was an English painter, dealer, collector, benefactor and art historian who was intimately connected with the second wave of the Pre-Raphaelites.	Charles Fairfax Murray	English
languages spoken or written	C. H. Narayana Rao (Telugu: సి.హెచ్. నారాయణరావు) (d: 14 February 1984) was an Indian film actor, producer and thespian known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema, and Theater.	C. H. Narayana Rao	Telugu
languages spoken or written	S. E. Jacques Viot (25 August 1921 -- 4 July 2012) was a French academic and diplomat.	Jacques Viot	French
languages spoken or written	Susanne Graf (born August 15, 1992 in Berlin) is a German politician and member of the Pirate Party Berlin, a state chapter of the national Pirate Party.	Susanne Graf	German
languages spoken or written	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu' (फणीश्‍वर नाथ रेणु) (March 4, 1921 -- April 11, 1977) was one of the most successful and influential writers of modern Hindi literature in the post-Premchand era.	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu'	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Stephen Roxby Dodds (29 January 1881 -- 10 September 1943) was an English lawyer and Liberal politician.	Stephen Roxby Dodds	English
languages spoken or written	Josef Rumler (20 July 1922 in Chlumec nad Cidlinou -- 1 November 1999 in Prague) was a Czech poet, literary critic, historian, editor and translator from Polish language and to Esperanto.	Josef Rumler	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Angelo Comastri (born 17 September 1943) is an Italian clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church.	Angelo Comastri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Gaspard Foelix (1791--1853) was a French jurist and the founder of the science of comparative law in France.	Jean-Jacques Gaspard Foelix	French
languages spoken or written	Jeremy Brock (born 1959) is an English writer, and director whose works include the screenplays Mrs. Brown, Driving Lessons, The Last King of Scotland, Charlotte Gray and The Eagle.	Jeremy Brock	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Mandé Sigogne (6 April 1763 -- 9 November 1844) was a French Catholic priest, who moved to Canada after the Revolution and became known for his missionary work among the Acadians of Nova Scotia.	Jean-Mandé Sigogne	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Camille Guérin (22 December 1872 -- 9 June 1961) was a French veterinarian, bacteriologist and immunologist who, together with Albert Calmette, developed the Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG), a vaccine for immunization against tuberculosis.	Camille Guérin	French
languages spoken or written	Santiago Cervera Soto (Pamplona, Spain, 27 March 1965) was a Spanish politician who belonged to the People's Party (PP) of Navarre.	Santiago Cervera Soto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernesto Buonaiuti (1881 -- 1946) was an Italian historian, philosopher of religion, Catholic priest and anti-fascist.	Ernesto Buonaiuti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Espoz Ilundáin (17 June 1781 -- 24 December 1836), being better known as Francisco Espoz y Mina, was a Spanish guerrilla leader and general.	Francisco Espoz y Mina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Florence Arthaud (28 October 1957 -- 9 March 2015) was a French sailor from Boulogne-Billancourt.	Florence Arthaud	French
licensed to broadcast to	CJUV-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 94.1 FM in Lacombe, Alberta.	CJUV-FM	Lacombe
licensed to broadcast to	KIJV (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Huron, South Dakota.	KIJV	Huron
licensed to broadcast to	WBBB (``Radio 96.1''), is an adult hits radio station based in Raleigh, North Carolina, owned by Curtis Media Group.	WBBB	Raleigh
licensed to broadcast to	WQNQ is licensed in Fletcher, North Carolina outside Asheville.	WQNQ	Fletcher, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WDDW (104.7 FM) is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Sturtevant, Wisconsin, and serving the Milwaukee and Racine area.	WDDW	Sturtevant
licensed to broadcast to	WGHT (1500 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Pompton Lakes, New Jersey, USA.	WGHT	Pompton Lakes, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	WFHG-FM is a Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bluff City, Tennessee and serving the Tri-Cities region of Tennessee and Virginia.	WFHG-FM	Bluff City, Tennessee
licensed to broadcast to	WSHY is a radio station licensed to Lafayette, Indiana, USA, located at 1410 kHz on the AM dial.	WSHY	Lafayette
licensed to broadcast to	WXNX is a commercial radio station licensed to Sanibel, Florida, broadcasting to the Naples / Fort Myers area on 93.7 FM.	WXNX	Sanibel, Florida
licensed to broadcast to	WMGN (98.1 FM, ``Magic 98'') is a radio station licensed to and serving the Madison, Wisconsin area.	WMGN	Madison
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Concept-RA is a concept car manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, and first revealed on at the North American International Auto Show in January 2008.	Mitsubishi Concept-RA	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The SIG P210 (Swiss Army designation Pistole 49) is a locked breech semi-automatic pistol designed and manufactured in Neuhausen am Rheinfall (Canton of Schaffhausen, Switzerland) by Swiss Arms AG, formerly SIG Arms AG (distributed in U.S. by SIGARMS).	SIG P210	Swiss Arms
manufacturer	The GWR 1101 Class was a class of 0-4-0T side tank steam locomotives built by the Avonside Engine Company to the order of the Great Western Railway in 1926 for dock shunting.	GWR 1101 Class	Avonside Engine Company
manufacturer	The Sharp PC-5000 was a pioneering laptop computer, announced by Sharp Corporation of Japan in 1983.	Sharp PC-5000	Sharp Corporation
manufacturer	The Kodak DCS 400 series was a series of Nikon based digital SLR cameras with sensor and added electronics produced by Eastman Kodak.	Kodak DCS 400 series	Eastman Kodak
manufacturer	The Leica X (Typ 113) is a large sensor digital compact camera announced by Leica Camera on September 16, 2014.	Leica X (Typ 113)	Leica Camera
manufacturer	Texas Instruments produces a range of calculators, with the TI-30 being one of the most popular early calculators.	Texas Instruments	TI-30
manufacturer	The MAC-10 (Military Armament Corporation Model 10, officially the M-10) is a compact, blowback operated machine pistol developed by Gordon B. Ingram in 1964.	MAC-10	Military Armament Corporation
manufacturer	The Birmingham Small Arms Company Limited (BSA) confirmed that they manufactured some Welrod pistols, but that they put no markings at all on them, so it is likely that any markings were added by the British military after delivery.	Welrod	Birmingham Small Arms Company
manufacturer	Union Pacific 844 is a 4-8-4 ``Northern'' type steam locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company in December of 1944 for the Union Pacific Railroad.	Union Pacific 844	American Locomotive Company
member of political party	Luther Bradish (September 15, 1783 Cummington, Hampshire County, Massachusetts -- August 30, 1863 Newport, Newport County, Rhode Island) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1839 to 1842, with his Whig Party colleague, William H. Seward.	Luther Bradish	Whig Party
member of political party	Peter Moraites (June 8, 1922 -- January 7, 2014; pronounced mo-RAY-tees) was an American Republican Party politician who served as Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly in 1969.	Peter Moraites	Republican Party
member of political party	Alfred Duff Cooper, 1st Viscount Norwich GCMG DSO PC (22 February 1890 -- 1 January 1954), known as Duff Cooper, was a British Conservative Party politician, diplomat and author.	Duff Cooper	Conservative Party
member of political party	Vincenz Müller was released relatively early from Soviet captivity, in 1948, and joined the National Democratic Party of Germany, the NDPD.	Vincenz Müller	National Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Digvijay Narain Singh was an eminent politician and Parliamentarian belonging to the Indian National Congress and represented Vaishali constituency in Bihar state for 28 consecutive years (1952--1980).	Digvijay Narain Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Edwin Gebauer (born 16 June 1884 in Borna, Leipzig - date of death unknown) was a German politician and member of the Nazi Party.	Edwin Gebauer	Nazi Party
member of political party	Richard Corish became Mayor of Wexford in 1920 as an Irish Labour Party representative.	Richard Corish	Labour Party
member of political party	Zhang Yijiong (Chinese: 张裔炯; born December 1955) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2012 as the executive deputy head of the United Front Work Department of the Communist Party of China (minister-level).	Zhang Yijiong	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Gabriela Cuevas Barron (born April 3, 1979 in Mexico City) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN) who has served as head (Formally: Jefe Delegacional) of Miguel Hidalgo and as a federal deputy in the lower house of the Mexican Congress.	Gabriela Cuevas Barron	National Action Party
member of political party	Bonnie Watson Coleman (born February 6, 1945) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served as the U.S. Representative for New Jersey's 12th congressional district since 2015.	Bonnie Watson Coleman	Democratic Party
military branch	Harris Laning (October 18, 1873 -- February 2, 1941) was a prominent officer in the United States Navy who eventually rose to the rank of rear admiral.	Harris Laning	United States Navy
military branch	Philip James Yorke (13 October 1799 -- 14 December 1874) was a British Army officer and Fellow of the Royal Society.	Philip James Yorke	British Army
military branch	Brigadier General Frank William Ramsay CB (1919),CMG (1917), DSO (1916) (10 December 1875 -- 1 October 1954) was a senior British Army officer in World War I.	Frank William Ramsay	British Army
military branch	Zbigniew Przybyszewski (1907--1952) was a Polish military officer and a Commander in the Polish Navy.	Zbigniew Przybyszewski	Polish Navy
military branch	General Sir James Frederick Love GCB KH (1789 -- 13 January 1866) was a British Army officer who served as Lieutenant Governor of Jersey.	Frederick Love	British Army
military branch	Donald K. Muchow (born October 20, 1937) is a former rear admiral and Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy.	Donald K. Muchow	United States Navy
military branch	206 (Ulster) Battery Royal Artillery (Volunteers) ``The Ulster Gunners'', is part of British Army's 105th Regiment Royal Artillery (Volunteers).	206 (Ulster) Battery Royal Artillery	British Army
military branch	Major General John Bradstreet (21 December 1714 -- 25 September 1774) was a British Army officer during King George's War, the French and Indian War, and Pontiac's Rebellion.	John Bradstreet	British Army
military branch	Patrol Squadron FIVE (VP-5) is a long-lived maritime patrol squadron of the United States Navy.	VP-5	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Lionel Dorling CB, CMG, DSO (7 August 1860 -- 11 July 1925) was a British Army officer.	Lionel Dorling	British Army
mother	Rulan Chao Pian's parents, the linguist Yuen Ren Chao and the physician and food writer Buwei Yang Chao, were resident in Cambridge beginning in 1920 after Y.R. was appointed to the faculty at Harvard.	Rulan Chao Pian	Buwei Yang Chao
mother	Kate Fischer was born on 30 November 1973 in Adelaide, South Australia, the daughter of later politician Pru Goward and university lecturer Alastair Fischer.	Kate Fischer	Pru Goward
mother	Abhishek Bachchan was born on 5 February 1976 to veteran actor of Hindi cinema, Amitabh Bachchan and Jaya Bhaduri Bachchan, yesteryears leading actress.	Abhishek Bachchan	Jaya Bhaduri Bachchan
mother	Chen Shen was the fourth son of Chen Shubao, and the oldest son of Chen Shubao's favorite concubine Consort Zhang Lihua.	Chen Shen	Consort Zhang Lihua
mother	Zaynab Khadr was born in Ottawa, Ontario in 1979, the eldest daughter and first child of Maha el-Samnah and Ahmed Khadr, Egyptian-Canadian citizens.	Zaynab Khadr	Maha el-Samnah
mother	Nebetiunet (``Lady of Dendera''; a title of the goddess Hathor) was a princess of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt, a daughter of Pharaoh Thutmose III and his Great Royal Wife Merytre-Hatshepsut.	Nebetiunet	Merytre-Hatshepsut
mother	Holmger Knutsson was the eldest son of King Canute II of Sweden and Helena Pedersdatter Strange.	Holmger Knutsson	Helena Pedersdatter Strange
mother	Shi Hong was soon executed with his mother Empress Dowager Cheng and his brothers Shi Hong (石宏, note different character) the Prince of Qin and Shi Hui (石恢) the Prince of Nanyang.	Shi Hong	Empress Dowager Cheng
mother	Crawford was born William Broderick Crawford in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Lester Crawford and Helen Broderick, who were both vaudeville performers, as his grandparents had been.	Broderick Crawford	Helen Broderick
mother	Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a minor wife, Mutnofret.	Thutmose II	Mutnofret
mother	Jason Donovan was born in Malvern, Melbourne, and is the son of Sue Menlove (now Sue McIntosh) and actor Terence Donovan who has English and Irish ancestry.	Jason Donovan	Sue McIntosh
mother	Maria of Navarre (French: Marie d'Évreux; 1329--29 April 1347) was the eldest child of Philip III of Navarre and Joan II of Navarre.	Maria of Navarre	Joan II of Navarre
mother	Perseus was the son of the mortal Danaë and the god Zeus.	Perseus	Danaë
mother	Ishmael was born to Abraham and Sarah's handmaiden Hagar (Genesis 16:3).	Ishmael	Hagar
mother	Edzard II, Count of East Frisia was count of East Frisia, (Greetsiel, 24 June 1532 -- Aurich, 1 March 1599) and the son of Enno II of East Frisia and Anna of Oldenburg.	Edzard II, Count of East Frisia	Anna of Oldenburg
mother	Hemiunu was a son of Prince Nefermaat and his wife Itet, a grandson of Sneferu and relative of Khufu, the Old Kingdom pharaoh.	Hemiunu	Itet
mother	Her husband Thutmose II was the son of Thutmose I and a secondary wife named Mutnofret, who carried the title King's daughter and was probably a child of Ahmose I. Hatshepsut and Thutmose II had a daughter named Neferure.	Hatshepsut	Ahmose
mother	Solomon was born in Jerusalem, the second born child to David and his wife Bathsheba, widow of Uriah the Hittite.	Solomon	Bathsheba
mother	A Gleam's dam was Calumet's U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Twilight Tear.	A Gleam	Twilight Tear
mother	Shaad Ali was born to Muzaffar Ali and Subhashini Ali née Sehgal, an Indian politician and member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist).	Shaad Ali	Subhashini Ali
mother	Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann ``Tina'' Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager.	Beyoncé	Tina'' Knowles
mother	Grand Duchess Catherine Mikhailovna of Russia (Ekaterina Mikhailovna Romanova), (Russian: Екатерина Михайловна) (28 August 1827 -- 12 May 1894), was the third of five daughters of Grand Duke Michael Pavlovich of Russia, youngest son of Tsar Paul I, and Princess Charlotte of Württemberg.	Grand Duchess Catherine Mikhailovna of Russia	Princess Charlotte of Württemberg
mother	In Greek mythology, Peneus (/pəˈniːəs/; Greek: Πηνειός) was a Thessalian river god, one of the three thousand Rivers (Potamoi), a child of Oceanus and Tethys.	Peneus	Tethys
mother	Princess Jakobea of Baden (16 January 1558 -- 3 September 1597 in Düsseldorf, buried in the St. Lambert Church in Düsseldorf) was daughter of the Margrave Philibert of Baden-Baden and Mechthild of Bavaria.	Jakobea of Baden	Mechthild of Bavaria
mother	Prince George William of Great Britain (13 November 1717 -- 17 February 1718) was an infant member of the British Royal Family, second son of George II and Caroline of Ansbach who, at the time of his birth, were the Prince and Princess of Wales.	Prince George William of Great Britain	Caroline of Ansbach
mother	In Greek mythology Phrixus (/ˈfrɪksəs/; also spelt Phryxus; Greek: Φρίξος, Phrixos) was the son of Athamas, king of Boeotia, and Nephele (a goddess of clouds).	Phrixus	Nephele
mouth of the watercourse	The Wurm is a left (western) tributary of the River Rur (Roer River).	Wurm	Rur
mouth of the watercourse	The Niobrara River (/ˌnaɪ.əˈbrærə/; from the Ponca Ní Ubthátha khe pronounced (nĩꜜ ubɫᶞaꜜɫᶞa kʰe), meaning ``water spread-out horizontal-the'') is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 568 miles (914 km) long, running through the U.S. states of Wyoming and Nebraska.	Niobrara River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kuta River is a Siberian river north of Lake Baikal in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, that flows into the Lena River at Ust-Kut.	Kuta River	Lena River
mouth of the watercourse	The Medjerda River (Tunisian Arabic: واد مجردا‎) is a river in North Africa flowing from northeast Algeria through Tunisia before emptying into the Gulf of Tunis and Lake of Tunis.	Medjerda River	Gulf of Tunis
mouth of the watercourse	The Lubefu River is a tributary of the Sankuru River, which in turn is a tributary of the Kasai River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lubefu River	Sankuru River
mouth of the watercourse	The Shashe River (or Shashi River) is a major left-bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe.	Shashe River	Limpopo River
mouth of the watercourse	For the moment, Ankara River is a tributary of the Sakarya River.	Ankara River	Sakarya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sormitz is a subsidiary stream of the Loquitz in Thuringia, Germany and is 29.2 km in length.	Sormitz	Loquitz
mouth of the watercourse	The Similkameen River runs through southern British Columbia, Canada, eventually discharging into the Okanogan River near Oroville, Washington in the United States.	Similkameen River	Okanogan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chambal River is a tributary of the Yamuna River in central India, and thus forms part of the greater Gangetic drainage system.	Chambal River	Yamuna
mouth of the watercourse	Bulstake Stream, also spelt Bullstake Stream, is a backwater of the River Thames at Oxford, England.	Bulstake Stream	River Thames
mouth of the watercourse	The Rába (German: Raab; Hungarian: Rába; Slovene: Raba (ˈráːba); Prekmurian: Rába) is a river in southeastern Austria and western Hungary and a right tributary of the Danube.	Rába	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	The Little Snake River is a tributary of the Yampa River, approximately 155 miles (249 km) long, in southwestern Wyoming and northwestern Colorado in the United States.	Little Snake River	Yampa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Monocacy River is a free-flowing left tributary to the Potomac River, which empties into the Atlantic Ocean via the Chesapeake Bay.	Monocacy River	Potomac River
mouth of the watercourse	The Jari River, or Jary River (Portuguese: Rio Jari), is a northern tributary of the Amazon River on the border between the states of Pará and Amapá in northeastern Brazil.	Jari River	Amazon
mouth of the watercourse	The Bâlea River is a headwater of the Cârțișoara River in Romania.	Bâlea River	Cârțișoara River
mouth of the watercourse	The Hāwea River is a river of New Zealand, draining Lake Hāwea into the Clutha River.	Hāwea River	Clutha River
mouth of the watercourse	Trześniówka is a river in Poland, a right tributary of the Vistula (near the city of Sandomierz).	Trześniówka	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	The Kabompo River is one of the main tributaries of the upper Zambezi River river.	Kabompo River	Zambezi River
mouth of the watercourse	Queens Pound River rises on the northern slopes of the Kybeyan Range within Wadbilliga National Park, southwest of the locality of Yowrie and flows generally north and northwest, before reaching its confluence with the Wadbilliga River near the locality of Wadbilliga.	Queens Pound River	Wadbilliga River
mouth of the watercourse	The river flows generally south then south by west and then south, joined by the five tributaries including the Caledonia River East Branch (which is also joined by the Caledonia River Middle Branch), before reaching its confluence with the Macalister River, near The Sisters, in the Shire of Wellington.	Caledonia River	Macalister River
mouth of the watercourse	The Rum River is a slow, meandering channel that connects Minnesota's Mille Lacs Lake with the Mississippi River.	Rum River	Mississippi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ilisos is now routed straight to sea, coming to surface and running into the Saronic Gulf in the middle of Phaleron Bay.	Ilisos	Saronic Gulf
mouth of the watercourse	The Eau Galle River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in western Wisconsin in the United States.	Eau Galle River	Chippewa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Mopan River discharges to the Belize River as the Mopan merges with the Macal River; the Belize River in turn terminates at the Caribbean Sea.	Mopan River	Belize River
named after	Supersonic speed is a rate of travel of an object that exceeds the speed of sound (Mach 1).	Supersonic speed	speed of sound
named after	Dushanbe means Monday in the Persian language.	Dushanbe	Monday
named after	In algebraic geometry and commutative algebra, the Zariski topology is a topology on algebraic varieties, introduced primarily by Oscar Zariski and later generalized for making the set of prime ideals of a commutative ring a topological space, called the spectrum of the ring.	Zariski topology	Oscar Zariski
named after	The Swabian-Hall swine (Schwäbisch-Hällische Landschwein) is a breed of domestic pig originating from Schwäbisch Hall in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Swabian-Hall swine	Schwäbisch Hall
named after	In or around 1007 Emperor Henry II moved St George's Abbey from its former location on the Hohentwiel in Singen to Stein am Rhein, at that time little more than a small fishing village on the Rhine.	Stein am Rhein	Rhine
named after	Agra schwarzeneggeri (Erwin, 2002) is a species of carabid beetle named after ``the actor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, in reference to the markedly developed (biceps-like) middle femora of the males of this species reminiscent of the actor's physique.''	Agra schwarzeneggeri	Arnold Schwarzenegger
named after	The Angora goat (Turkish: Ankara keçisi) is a breed of domestic goat that is named after Ankara, Turkey, historically known as Angora.	Angora goat	Ankara
named after	Ponticola rizensis is a species of gobiid fish endemic to Turkey where it is known only from the İyidere stream drainage, close to the cities of Rize (from which the specific name is derived) and Trabzon.	Ponticola rizensis	Rize
named after	The Peter principle is a concept in management theory formulated by Laurence J. Peter in which the selection of a candidate for a position is based on the candidate's performance in their current role, rather than on abilities relevant to the intended role.	Peter principle	Laurence J. Peter
named after	The Bradford Hill criteria, otherwise known as Hill's criteria for causation, are a group of minimal conditions necessary to provide adequate evidence of a causal relationship between an incidence and a possible consequence, established by the English epidemiologist Sir Austin Bradford Hill (1897--1991) in 1965.	Bradford Hill criteria	Austin Bradford Hill
named after	Roth's spots are named after Moritz Roth.	Roth's spot	Moritz Roth
named after	U.S. Virgin Islands Highway 66 is a major east--west arterial on St. Croix in the United States Virgin Islands and is named the Melvin H. Evans Highway in honor of the territory's first elected governor.	U.S. Virgin Islands Highway 66	Melvin H. Evans
named after	The Schottky diode (named after German physicist Walter H. Schottky), also known as hot carrier diode, is a semiconductor diode with a low forward voltage drop and a very fast switching action.	Schottky diode	Walter H. Schottky
named after	The Erich Fried Prize (German: Erich-Fried-Preis) is a literary prize in honour of the Austrian poet Erich Fried, and is awarded annually by the International Erich Fried Association for Literature and Language, based in Vienna.	Erich Fried Prize	Erich-Fried
named after	The Tiebout model, also known as Tiebout sorting, Tiebout migration, or Tiebout hypothesis, is a positive political theory model first described by economist Charles Tiebout in his article ``A Pure Theory of Local Expenditures'' (1956).	Tiebout model	Charles Tiebout
named after	51823 Rickhusband (2001 OY28) is an asteroid named for astronaut Rick Husband, who was killed in the STS-107 (Columbia) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1, 2003.	51823 Rickhusband	Rick Husband
named after	West Battery was renamed Castle Clinton in 1815, its current official name, in honor of New York City Mayor DeWitt Clinton (who eventually became Governor of New York).	Castle Clinton	DeWitt Clinton
named after	Heini-Klopfer-Skiflugschanze (English: Heini Klopfer Flying Hill) is a ski flying hill in Oberstdorf, Germany.	Heini-Klopfer-Skiflugschanze	Heini Klopfer
named after	Hermann Weyl introduced the term ``Lie algebra'' (after Sophus Lie) in the 1930s.	Lie algebra	Sophus Lie
named after	San Giorgio dei Greci (Greek: Ἅγιος Γεώργιος τῶν Ἑλλήνων, Hágios Geṓrgios tōn Hellḗnōn; lit. ``Saint George of the Greeks'') is a church in the sestiere (neighborhood) of Castello, Venice, northern Italy.	San Giorgio dei Greci	Saint George
named after	The Skittle Bomb also known in France as ``Retreau'' (pronounced ``Rétro'') is an alcoholic bomb shot cocktail that gets its name from its Skittles confectionery taste.	Skittle Bomb	Skittles
named after	Stenocereus queretaroensis is a species of cactus from Mexico, including the state of Querétaro.	Stenocereus queretaroensis	Querétaro
named after	The name ``Great Panjandrum'' was chosen by Shute as a reference to Samuel Foote's famous extempore nonsense paragraph (though Foote's term was actually ``the grand Panjandrum''), and in particular to its closing line ``till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of their boots''.	Panjandrum	Samuel Foote
named after	Hilbert's axioms are a set of 20 assumptions proposed by David Hilbert in 1899 in his book Grundlagen der Geometrie (tr. The Foundations of Geometry) as the foundation for a modern treatment of Euclidean geometry.	Hilbert's axioms	David Hilbert
named after	The Octopus was eventually named ``Al'' (after Joe Louis Arena building operations manager Al Sobotka), and every playoff year since, Al the Octopus gets raised to the rafters, when the Red Wings skate out onto the ice.	Al the Octopus	Al Sobotka
named after	The genus Darwinius was named in commemoration of the bicentenary of the birth of Charles Darwin, and the species name masillae honors Messel where the specimen was found.	Darwinius	Charles Darwin
named after	Euler's identity is named after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler.	Euler's identity	Leonhard Euler
named after	Grignard reactions and reagents were discovered by and are named after the French chemist François Auguste Victor Grignard (University of Nancy, France), who was awarded the 1912 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work.	Grignard reaction	Victor Grignard
narrative location	Descente aux enfers is a psychological thriller set under the sun and heat of the Caribbean, relating the story of a married couple at the breaking point.	Descente aux enfers	Caribbean
narrative location	The Poisoned Chocolates Case (1929) is a detective novel by Anthony Berkeley set in 1920s London in which a group of armchair detectives, who have founded the ``Crimes Circle'', formulate theories on a recent murder case Scotland Yard has been unable to solve.	The Poisoned Chocolates Case	London
narrative location	Eight months later, a now-heterosexual Brüno, under the alias ``Straight Dave'', hosts a cage-fight match in Arkansas, ``Straight Dave's Man Slammin' Maxout''.	Brüno	Arkansas
narrative location	The Sweeter Side of Life is set in New York City, New York and Flemington, New Jersey.	The Sweeter Side of Life	New York City
narrative location	The Moderns is a 1988 film by Alan Rudolph, which takes place in 1926 Paris during the period of the Lost Generation and at the height of modernist literature.	The Moderns	Paris
narrative location	They belong to an organisation called The Protectors, based in London.	The Protectors	London
narrative location	Fairly Legal stars Sarah Shahi as Kate Reed, a young woman who changes her profession from lawyer to mediator and works at the San Francisco law firm her father started.	Fairly Legal	San Francisco
narrative location	Kidulthood (rendered as KiDULTHOOD) is a 2006 British drama film about the life of several teenagers in Ladbroke Grove and Latimer Road area of inner west London.	Kidulthood	London
narrative location	Ice Cream, I Scream (Turkish: Dondurmam Gaymak) is a 2006 Turkish comedy film written and directed by Yüksel Aksu and starring Turan Özdemir, the film's sole professional actor; the rest being residents of Muğla, Turkey.	Ice Cream, I Scream	Turkey
narrative location	Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant is a 1982 novel by Anne Tyler set in Baltimore, Maryland.	Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant	Baltimore
native language	Smaïn (born Smaïn Fairouze, on January 3, 1958 in Constantine, Algeria) is a French comedian, humorist, writer, actor and director of Algerian descent.	Smaïn	French
native language	Nicolas Cazalé (born 24 April 1977 in Pau, France) is a French model and actor who is most noted for his role in the 2004 French film, Le Grand Voyage for which he won a Jury Award for Best Actor at the 2005 Newport International Film Festival.	Nicolas Cazalé	French
native language	Manikandan Pattambi (Malayalam: മണികണ്ഠൻ പട്ടാമ്പി) is a Malayalam film actor.	Manikandan Pattambi	Malayalam
native language	Olivier Galzi (Tunis, 26 October 1971) is a French journalist.	Olivier Galzi	French
native language	Léonie Marie Julie Bathiat (15 May 1898 -- 24 July 1992), known professionally as Arletty, was a French actress, singer, and fashion model.	Arletty	French
native language	Alex Goude (born 13 August 1975 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French television host, author and actor.	Alex Goude	French
native language	Danièle Gégauff (née Rosencranz, died 2007) was a French actress and line producer.	Danièle Gégauff	French
native language	Michèle Laroque (born June 15, 1960) is a French actress, comedian, humorist, producer and screenwriter.	Michèle Laroque	French
native language	Adriaan Johan Boudewijn Sirks (born 14 September 1947, The Hague), known as Boudewijn Sirks and as A. J. B. Sirks, is a Dutch academic lawyer and papyrologist specializing in Roman law.	Boudewijn Sirks	Dutch
native language	Paul Lacroix (April 27, 1806 -- October 16, 1884) was a French author and journalist.	Paul Lacroix	French
occupation	Nordine Ben Allal (born 1978 or 1979) is a Belgian criminal of Moroccan origin who was condemned for a 27-year prison sentence in June 2004.	Nordine Ben Allal	criminal
occupation	Jennifer Echols is an American writer of romantic fiction for young adults.	Jennifer Echols	writer
occupation	Hardy Myers (born October 25, 1939) is a lawyer and Democratic politician who served three terms as attorney general of the state of Oregon, United States.	Hardy Myers	lawyer	politician
occupation	Tim Gosley is a Canadian puppeteer who is primarily known for his work on numerous Muppet productions.	Tim Gosley	puppeteer
occupation	Richard C. Breeden (born December 6, 1949) is a former Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, hedge fund manager, and corporate chairman.	Richard C. Breeden	manager
occupation	Branwen Gwyn is a Welsh television presenter from Cardiff.	Branwen Gwyn	television presenter
occupation	Philodemus of Gadara (Greek: Φιλόδημος ὁ Γαδαρεύς, Philodēmos, ``love of the people''; c. 110 -- prob. c. 40 or 35 BC) was an Epicurean philosopher and poet.	Philodemus	philosopher
occupation	Rob Campbell is an actor in stage, television and films.	Rob Campbell	actor
occupation	Jake Adelstein (born March 28, 1969) is a Jewish American journalist crime writer and blogger who has spent most of his career in Japan.	Jake Adelstein	journalist	writer
occupation	Hamlet Bareh Ngapkynta was an Indian writer, historian and film director from the Northeast Indian state of Meghalaya.	Hamlet Bareh	writer	historian	film director
occupation	Soovin Kim (born 1976) is a Korean American violinist.	Soovin Kim	violinist
occupation	Fernando Daniel Stern Britzmann, best known by his artistic name Nano Stern (born in Santiago de Chile, March 30, 1985) is a Chilean singer, multi-instrumentalist and composer of the ``third generation of Chilean singer-songwriters'' who appear after the 1990s.	Nano Stern	singer	multi-instrumentalist	composer
occupation	Edwin Maher is a New Zealand-born TV journalist who now works for CCTV International in Beijing.	Edwin Maher	journalist
occupation	Hwangbo Hye-jeong (Korean: 황보혜정; born August 16, 1980), better known as simply Hwangbo, is a South Korean singer and rapper.	Hwangbo	singer
occupation	Martin Erik Andersen (born 1964) is a Danish sculptor who also works with drawings, textiles and sound.	Martin Erik Andersen	sculptor
occupation	David Catherwood (born 7 May 1956) is an Irish composer and conductor, with both vocal and choral works currently in print.	David Catherwood	composer
occupation	Mathilde Bonnefoy (born 11 March 1972) is a film editor and director who was nominated for an ACE Eddie Award for the editing of the film Run Lola Run (1998) and won the award for editing the documentary Citizenfour (2014).	Mathilde Bonnefoy	film editor
occupation	Fonda Rae is an American rhythm and blues singer best known for her club hits like ``Over Like a Fat Rat'' and ``Touch Me'' (the latter which was later covered by Cathy Dennis).	Fonda Rae	singer
occupation	Jehu Amaziah Orr (May 10, 1828 -- March 9, 1921) was a Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War.	Jehu Amaziah Orr	politician
occupation	Stoyan Christowe (also known as Stojan Hristoff) was an American author, journalist and noted Vermont political figure.	Stoyan Christowe	journalist
occupation	Kyra Davis is a New York Times bestselling American novelist, best known for her Just One Night trilogy and the Sophie Katz mystery series.	Kyra Davis	novelist
occupation	Deborah Gruen is a former American Paralympic swimmer.	Deborah Gruen	swimmer
occupation	César Lerner is a film composer.	César Lerner	composer
occupation	Steve Delaney (born 1954) is an English comedian and character actor, best known for his comedy character Count Arthur Strong on BBC Radio 4 and then a television sitcom broadcast on BBC2 and BBC1.	Steve Delaney	comedian	actor
occupation	Viveki Rai (born November 19, 1924) is an Indian writer who has penned over fifty books.	Viveki Rai	writer
occupation	Warren Sandel was an American baseball player from 1938 to 1952.	Warren Sandel	baseball player
occupation	Jette Bang (1914--1964) was a Danish photographer and film maker who is remembered for the large collection of photographs and films she took in Greenland, depicting the country and the way of life of its inhabitants before their old culture disappeared.	Jette Bang	photographer
occupation	Hede Massing, journalist Paul Massing, Institute for Social Research Columbia University Laurence Duggan, head of United States Department of State Division of American Republics Franz Leopold Neumann, consultant at Board of Economic Warfare;	Hede Massing	journalist
occupation	Uri Barbash (Hebrew: אורי ברבש) is an Israeli film director.	Uri Barbash	film director
occupation	Luther Orlando Emerson was an American musician, composer and music publisher.	Luther Orlando Emerson	composer
occupation	Luísa Costa Gomes is a Portuguese chronicler, librettist, novelist, playwright and screenwriter.	Luísa Costa Gomes	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	DyAnne DiSalvo (DiSalvo-Ryan) is an American artist and author of children's literature, best known for her string of books which focus on building better communities, including City Green (HarperCollins, 1994) and Uncle Willie and the Soup Kitchen (HarperCollins, 1991).	DyAnne DiSalvo	artist
occupation	Tim Dadabo (born March 1961) is an American voice actor and singer.	Tim Dadabo	singer
occupation	Amba Shepherd is an Australian singer and songwriter, best known for her collaborations with the Dutch music producer, Hardwell.	Amba Shepherd	singer	songwriter
occupation	Abdolvahab Shahidi (Persian: عبدالوهاب شهيدی) is a prominent Iranian barbat player, singer and composer in the classical style born on 1922 in Meymeh (of Isfahan province).	Abdolvahab Shahidi	singer	composer
occupation	Steve Powers (born February 25, 1934 in New York City) is a musician, journalist and teacher who has had a 45-year career in New York City radio and television, as well as academia.	Steve Powers	journalist
occupation	William Conner (December 10, 1777 -- August 28, 1855) was an American trader, interpreter, scout, community leader, entrepreneur, and politician.	William Conner	politician
occupation	Caroline Medora Sale Roe (born 1943) is a Canadian novelist who has written detective novels as Medora Sale and historical mystery novels as Caroline Roe.	Caroline Roe	novelist
occupation	Sir Henry David Alastair Capel Miers KBE CMG (born 1937), commonly known as Sir David Miers, is a British diplomat.	David Miers	diplomat
occupation	Aubrey Rinehart (born February 7), is an American model, actress and business woman.	Aubrey Rinehart	model
occupation	Alexander James Adams (born November 8, 1962) is an American singer, musician and songwriter in the Celtic and World music genres.	Alexander James Adams	musician
occupation	Jørgen Alexander Knudtzon (September 9, 1854 -- January 7, 1917) was a Norwegian linguist and historian.	Jørgen Alexander Knudtzon	linguist
occupation	Robert G. Clark, Jr. (born October 3, 1928) is an American politician from the state of Mississippi and long-term representative to the state house from Holmes County, Mississippi.	Robert G. Clark, Jr.	politician
occupation	Chris Kutalik is a Texas-based journalist and game designer who writes on union and workplace issues.	Chris Kutalik	journalist
occupation	Norm Letnick (born 1957 or 1958) is a Canadian politician who was first elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election and re-elected in 2013.	Norm Letnick	politician
occupation	Ah Jook Ku (April 24, 1910 -- August 6, 2007) was an American journalist, writer, media advocate and public relations practitioner.	Ah Jook Ku	journalist
occupation	Elaine Hatfield (formerly also known as Elaine Walster) is an American social psychologist.	Elaine Hatfield	psychologist
occupation	Darrell Sandeen (July 13, 1930 -- January 22, 2009) was a character actor who specialized in playing menacing or offbeat people.	Darrell Sandeen	actor
occupation	Johann Jakob Müller (1846--1875) was a notable physiologist and physicist.	Johann Jakob Müller	physicist
occupation	Troy Rugless is a former rugby league player for London Crusaders.	Troy Rugless	rugby league player
occupation	David Mancini (born July 15, 1970) is an American private investigator best known for conducting the investigation into the 2001 disappearance of the brother-in-law of guitarist Slash of the rock band Guns N' Roses .	David Mancini	private investigator
occupation	Gary Brunotte (born 1948) is an American post-bop jazz musician, noted as a pianist, organist, music arranger, and composer.	Gary Brunotte	jazz musician
occupation	Alexander Duane (September 1, 1858 -- June 10, 1926) was an American ophthalmologist who was a native of Malone, New York.	Alexander Duane	ophthalmologist
occupation	Tharit Charungvat is a career diplomat with more than 30-years experience in the Thai Foreign Service.	Tharit Charungvat	diplomat
occupation	Clóvis Bornay (January 10, 1916 -- October 9, 2005) was a Brazilian museologist, actor, and maker of Carnival costumes for more than 40 years, which made him famous throughout the nation, and he continues to be honored and the subject at Carnival parades today.	Clóvis Bornay	actor
occupation	Aleksandrs Laime (also known as Alejandro Laime or Alexander Laime) was a famous Latvian-born explorer.	Aleksandrs Laime	explorer
occupation	Sami Mohammad Ahmed Saleh is a Kuwaiti sculptor and artist.	Sami Mohammad	artist
occupation	Bernie Baum (October 13, 1929 -- August 28, 1993) was a songwriter who worked extensively with Elvis Presley.	Bernie Baum	songwriter
occupation	Mark Ettinger is an American singer, songwriter, conductor, multi-instrumentalist, and juggler from New York City.	Mark Ettinger	singer, songwriter
occupation	Neil deGrasse Tyson (/ˈniːəl dəˈɡræs ˈtaɪsən/; born October 5, 1958) is an American astrophysicist, cosmologist, author, and science communicator.	Neil deGrasse Tyson	astrophysicist	cosmologist
occupation	Robin de Levita (born April 19, 1959) is a Dutch theatre- and television producer, who produced shows on Broadway and West End and won several Tony Awards.	Robin de Levita	television producer
occupation	Sir Abel Guobadia OFR (June 28, 1932 -- February 4, 2011) was an educator, administrator, diplomat and retired public servant.	Abel Guobadia	diplomat
occupation	Joel West Flood (August 2, 1894 -- April 27, 1964), the brother of Henry De La Warr Flood and uncle of Harry Flood Byrd, was a lawyer and United States Representative from Virginia.	Joel West Flood	lawyer
occupation	Jakob Vestergaard (born 3 January 1975) is a Danish handball coach who is the manager of the Germany women's national handball team.	Jakob Vestergaard	handball coach
occupation	Alevtina Tchalova (Russian: Алевтина Чалова) or Alevtina Anatolievna Tchalova Bredikhina (Алевтина Анатольевна Чалова Бредихина in Russian) by her full name is a contemporary Russian painter living and working in Orenburg, Russia.	Alevtina Tchalova	painter
occupation	Indra Adhikari (or I. P. Adhikari) is a Bhutanese journalist in exile.	Indra Adhikari	journalist
occupation	Ko Im-pyo is a South Korean film editor.	Ko Im-pyo	film editor
occupation	Later in the year Bruno Verner, Eliete Mejorado, poet Ricardo Domeneck and German singer songwriter Cunt Cunt Chanel go on a mini tour in Belgium organised by Hugo Lorenzetti.	Eliete Mejorado	singer
occupation	Clancy O'Connor is an American actor who played Edward Rutledge in John Adams, a 2008 television miniseries.	Clancy O'Connor	actor
occupation	Abraham ben Raphael Caro was an Ottoman rabbi.	Abraham ben Raphael Caro	rabbi
occupation	Nupur Asthana is an Indian film director and writer known for her work in Hindi cinema and television.	Nupur Asthana	film director
occupation	Benjamin Rollins Caldwell (born September 12, 1983) is an American artist best known for his one-of-a kind pieces and custom projects that use everyday objects and materials to create unique pieces of furniture.	Benjamin Rollins Caldwell	artist
occupation	Abel Baer (March 16, 1893 -- October 5, 1976) was an American songwriter, associated with Tin Pan Alley.	Abel Baer	songwriter
occupation	Byambasuren Sharav (Mongolian: Бямбасүрэнгийн Шарав, Byambasürengiin Sharav), born November 13, 1952, is a Mongolian composer and pianist.	Byambasuren Sharav	composer
occupation	Harry Lapidus Stalmaster, known as Hal Stalmaster (born March 29, 1940), is an American former actor, known for his lead role in the 1957 Walt Disney film of the American Revolution Johnny Tremain, based on the 1943 Esther Forbes novel of the same name.	Hal Stalmaster	actor
occupation	Julian Emilio Vitug Ejercito, (born January 15, 1996), or more popularly known as Julian Estrada, is a Filipino teen actor.	Julian Estrada	actor
occupation	Władysław Zajączkowski (April 12, 1837 in Strzyżów near the Rzeszów -- October 7, 1898 in Lwów) was a Polish mathematician.	Władysław Zajączkowski	mathematician
occupation	Antoine Andraos (born 1950) is a Lebanese politician and a vice-president of the Movement of the Future.	Antoine Andraos	politician
occupation	Volkan Güç, (July 16, 1980 in Adana, Turkey) is a Turkish volleyball player.	Volkan Güç	volleyball player
occupation	Penda Mbow, born in 1955, is a historian, an activist, and a Senegalese politician.	Penda Mbow	historian	politician
occupation	Daniel Jason Sudeikis (/sᵿˈdeɪkɪs/ sə-DAY-kis; born September 18, 1975) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter and voice actor.	Jason Sudeikis	actor
occupation	Ashley Davenport (February 12, 1794 -- February 10, 1874 in Copenhagen, Lewis County, New York) was an American farmer, merchant and politician from New York.	Ashley Davenport	politician
occupation	Dr. Cedric Garland is an epidemiologist known for his research in the field of vitamin D deficiency.	Cedric Garland	epidemiologist
occupation	William Henn married Elizabeth Parry; he was the father of William Henn junior, a Master in Chancery, and grandfather of Jonathan Henn, a barrister, who is best remembered for prosecuting John Mitchel.	William Henn	barrister
occupation	Ragnar Kamp (born April 9, 1953) is a Swedish-American curler and World Champion.	Ragnar Kamp	curler
occupation	Óscar Pulido (1906--1974) was a Mexican actor who acted in over 100 Mexican films.	Óscar Pulido	actor
occupation	John Edward Peck (born October 10, 1958), better known by J. Eddie Peck, is an American television and film actor.	J. Eddie Peck	actor
occupation	Shelley Emling has been a journalist for 20 years.	Shelley Emling	journalist
occupation	Michael Erard is an American non-fiction writer and journalist.	Michael Erard	journalist
occupation	Jamal Faisal is a first-class cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to by his nickname, Ujjal.	Jamal Faisal	cricketer
occupation	Tina Malti is a German-Palestinian developmental and clinical psychologist.	Tina Malti	psychologist
occupation	Chul Hyun Ahn is a South Korean artist who works primarily with light.	Chul Hyun Ahn	artist
occupation	George Oldner (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches for London Cricket Club during the 1730s.	George Oldner	cricketer
occupation	Benjamin Gan (February 24, 1913 - August 4, 1976), more commomly known as Small Montana, was a Filipino boxer.	Small Montana	boxer
occupation	José Acquelin (born April 4, 1956 in Montreal) is a Canadian poet from Quebec.	José Acquelin	poet
occupation	Carolyn S. Gordon is a mathematician and professor of mathematics at Dartmouth College since 1992.	Carolyn S. Gordon	mathematician
occupation	Matthew Dunster is an English theatre director, playwright and actor.	Matthew Dunster	theatre director	playwright
occupation	Mikhail Rudy (Russian: Михаил Рудый: born April 3, 1953), is an Uzbekistan-born French pianist, who has won several awards for his recordings including the Grand prix du disque.	Mikhail Rudy	pianist
occupation	Bharat Rangachary was an Indian film director and Producer of Bollywood.	Bharat Rangachary	film director
occupation	Sarah Applewood (born Sarah Grimwood, 30 August 1980) is a British stage/film actress and singer who, despite having a long theatrical career is best known to the UK public as the face of 2011 Halifax film and TV campaign.	Sarah Applewood	singer
occupation	Hugh Benjamin Munson (January 26, 1916 -- July 27, 2003) was a physician who performed abortions in Rapid City, South Dakota, both before and after legalization.	Benjamin Munson	physician
occupation	Stuart Ross is a Canadian fiction writer, poet, editor, and creative-writing instructor.	Stuart Ross	writer
occupation	Lars Fredrik Beckstrøm (born January 22, 1960 in Oslo) is a Norwegian musician who is mostly known for playing bass in the Norwegian rock band deLillos, but has also recorded several albums under the name Beckstrøm.	Lars Fredrik Beckstrøm	musician
occupation	Zhang Yanyuan (simplified Chinese: 张彦远; traditional Chinese: 張彥遠; pinyin: Zhāng Yànyuǎn; Wade--Giles: Chang Yenyüan, ca. 815- ca. 877), courtesy name Aibin (爱宾), was a Chinese art historian, scholar, calligrapher and painter of the late Tang Dynasty.	Zhang Yanyuan	painter
occupation	Frances Hardcastle (August 13, 1866 -- December 26, 1941) was a mathematician and one of the founding members, in 1894, of the American Mathematical Society.	Frances Hardcastle	mathematician
occupation	Georg Scheffers was a German mathematician specializing in differential geometry.	Georg Scheffers	mathematician
occupation	Lil Suzy is known for her hits ``Take Me in Your Arms'' (known in Brazil as the Meller's little princess), ``Promise Me'' and ``Can't Get You Out of My Mind'' and is a singer and songwriter who was very influential in the freestyle in the early 1990s.	Lil Suzy	singer and songwriter
occupation	Vinaypal Buttar, sometimes Vinay Pal Buttar, is a Punjabi Actor and Punjabi singer-songwriter.	Vinaypal Buttar	singer-songwriter
occupation	John Buettner-Janusch (December 7, 1924 -- July 2, 1992), often called ``B-J'', was an American physical anthropologist who pioneered the application of molecular evolution methods, such as protein sequence comparison, to the field of primate evolution.	John Buettner-Janusch	anthropologist
occupation	Donna Lee Wennerstrom (born March 30, 1960), also known by her married name Donna Lee Carlson, is an American former competition swimmer and Pan American Games champion.	Donna Lee Wennerstrom	swimmer
occupation	Louise Page (born March 7, 1955, London) is a British playwright.	Louise Page	playwright
occupation	Sylvester Ahola (May 24, 1902 -- February 13, 1995), a.k.a. Hooley, was a classic jazz trumpeter and cornetist born in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Sylvester Ahola	trumpeter
occupation	Kathi Appelt (born July 6, 1954) is an American children's writer and writing teacher.	Kathi Appelt	writer
occupation	Bedřich Feuerstein (January 15, 1892 -- May 10, 1936) was a Czech architect, painter and essayist.	Bedřich Feuerstein	architect	painter
occupation	Robert Rave (born June 10, 1974, Bloomington, Illinois) is an American book author and writer.	Robert Rave	writer
occupation	Barton G. Weiss, known as Barton G., is an events creator, restaurateur and culinary artist who founded his Miami-based company, Barton G. in 1993.	Barton G. Weiss	restaurateur
occupation	Sarah Caldwell (March 6, 1924 -- March 23, 2006) was an American opera conductor, impresario, and stage director of opera.	Sarah Caldwell	conductor	impresario
occupation	Phyllis Mangina (born January 3, 1959) is an American former college basketball coach of the Seton Hall Pirates.	Phyllis Mangina	basketball coach
occupation	Stepan Skitalets (Russian: Степа́н Скита́лец), (November 9, 1869 -- June 25, 1941), was the pen-name of Stepan Gavrilovich Petrov, a Russian/Soviet poet, writer of fiction and folk musician.	Stepan Skitalets	poet	writer
occupation	Gary Mallaber (born October 11, 1946 in Buffalo, New York) is a Los Angeles session drummer, percussionist and singer.	Gary Mallaber	drummer
occupation	Tom Rack is a Canadian actor, who has starred in over 50 different films and television programs during his career.	Tom Rack	actor
occupation	Calvin Grove (born August 5, 1962 in Coatesville, Pennsylvania) was a boxer in the Featherweight division.	Calvin Grove	boxer
occupation	After their partnership ended, Alan Root continued his association with Survival as a cinematographer, producing his own films and guiding the early African work of camera team Mark Deeble and Victoria Stone, while latterly also acting as adviser to the series.	Alan Root	cinematographer
occupation	Jovan I. Deretić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Деретић, born 18 January 1939), is a controversial Serbian alternate historian.	Jovan I. Deretić	historian
occupation	Orlando Guerra (gayr'-rah; September 20, 1914 -- March 20, 1973), better known as Cascarita, was a popular Cuban singer who specialized in guaracha and son montuno.	Cascarita	singer
occupation	Alfred A. Cohn (March 26, 1880 -- February 3, 1951) was an author, journalist and newspaper editor, Police Commissioner, and screenwriter of the 1920s and 1930s.	Alfred A. Cohn	screenwriter
occupation	Ilija Isajlovski (Macedonian: Илија Исајловски) is a Macedonian diplomat and is the Ambassador of Macedonia to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 16 December 2009.	Ilija Isajlovski	diplomat
occupation	Franz San Galli (Russian: Франц Карлович Сан Галли, Franz Karlovich San Galli) (1824--1908) was a prominent Russian public figure, entrepreneur and inventor.	Franz San Galli	entrepreneur	inventor
occupation	Crista Moore is an American actress, singer, and dancer known for her work on the Broadway stage.	Crista Moore	singer
occupation	Stefan Gates (born 19 September 1967, in London) is a British television presenter, author, broadcaster and live-show performer who writes mostly about food and science.	Stefan Gates	television presenter
occupation	Leo Steinberg (July 9, 1920 -- March 13, 2011) was an American art critic and art historian and a naturalized citizen of the U.S.	Leo Steinberg	art historian
occupation	Wayne Cohen is a songwriter, producer, artist developer, and music educator whose songs include Top 10 hit singles and #1 albums, which have sold more than 5 million, in the U.S., UK, Europe, Australia/New Zealand and Asia.	Wayne Cohen	songwriter
occupation	Sujata Madhok is an Indian activist and developmental journalist specializing in women's issues.	Sujata Madhok	journalist
occupation	Geoff Monty was an English professional motorcycle racer, constructor, rider-sponsor and retail dealer, initially based in Kingston on Thames and later -- under the name Monty and Ward --	Geoff Monty	motorcycle racer
occupation	Scott Curtis (born May 5, 1976, in Van Nuys, California, USA) is an American actor and musician.	Scott Curtis	actor
occupation	Rostanh or Rostaing Berenguier de Marselha was an early fourteenth-century troubadour and Hospitaller from Marseille.	Rostaing Berenguier	troubadour
occupation	Joe Sostilio (January 3, 1915 -- July 9, 2000) was a Hall of Fame auto racing driver from Natick, Massachusetts.	Joe Sostilio	racing driver
occupation	Herbert John Webber (December 27, 1865 -- January 18, 1946) was an American plant physiologist, professor emeritus of sub-tropical horticulture, first director of the University of California Citrus Experiment Station, and the third curator of the University of California Citrus Variety Collection.	Herbert John Webber	physiologist
occupation	Chester Chou (Chinese: 周萬來; pinyin: Zhōu Wànlái) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chester Chou	politician
occupation	Nuada ua Bolcain is the first recorded abbot of Tuam after Jarlath.	Nuada ua Bolcain	abbot
occupation	Judge Fausto Pocar (born 1939) is an Italian jurist.	Fausto Pocar	jurist
occupation	Sean R. Garner is a physicist currently working on a diverse suite of projects for Palo Alto Research Center (PARC), in San Francisco, CA.	Sean R. Garner	physicist
occupation	Les Parrott, III, Ph.D., is a professor of clinical psychology for Seattle Pacific University, author, motivational speaker, and an ordained Nazarene minister.	Les Parrott	motivational speaker
occupation	William Baziotes (June 11, 1912 -- June 6, 1963) was an American painter influenced by Surrealism and was a contributor to Abstract Expressionism.	William Baziotes	painter
occupation	Jacob Wolfowitz (March 19, 1910 -- July 16, 1981) was a Polish-born American statistician and Shannon Award-winning information theorist.	Jacob Wolfowitz	statistician
occupation	Bárbara Garofalo (born August 1992) is a Venezuelan actress, dancer and former teen idol.	Bárbara Garofalo	dancer
occupation	Jorrit van der Kooi (born August 8, 1972 in Rheden, Gelderland) is a Dutch-born film and TV director and presenter.	Jorrit van der Kooi	presenter
occupation	Enrico Fazzini, D.O., Ph.D. is a neurologist and an osteopathic physician.	Enrico Fazzini	neurologist
occupation	Osman Soykut (born January 1, 1957), better known by his stage name Ozman Sirgood, is an American actor of Turkish and East European heritage.	Ozman Sirgood	actor
occupation	Sherine Tadros is a broadcast journalist, working for Sky News.	Sherine Tadros	journalist
occupation	Helmy Rafla (May 15, 1909 -- April 22, 1978; Arabic: حلمي رفلة) was an Egyptian film director, writer, and producer.	Helmy Rafla	film director
occupation	John Fanning Watson (June 13, 1779 - December 23, 1860) was a Philadelphia antiquarian and amateur historian, best known as the author of Annals of Philadelphia (1830).	John Fanning Watson	historian
occupation	Toby Creswell (born 21 May 1955) is an Australian music journalist and pop-culture writer.	Toby Creswell	journalist
occupation	Josh Quayhagen (born August 30, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the lightweight division.	Josh Quayhagen	mixed martial artist
occupation	Johan Herman Bavinck (November 22, 1895 -- June 23, 1964) was a Dutch pastor, missionary and theologian.	Johan Herman Bavinck	theologian
occupation	Glenn Horiuchi (February 27, 1955 -- June 3, 2000) was an American jazz pianist, composer, and shamisen player.	Glenn Horiuchi	composer
occupation	Allen Cunningham (born March 28, 1977) is an American professional poker player who has won five World Series of Poker bracelets.	Allen Cunningham	poker player
occupation	Anne Tyler (born October 25, 1941) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American novelist, short story writer, and literary critic.	Anne Tyler	novelist	short story writer
occupation	Lord Frederick Beauclerk (1773--1850) was an outstanding but controversial English first-class cricketer for 35 years from 1791 to 1825.	Lord Frederick Beauclerk	cricketer
occupation	Nicole Francine Aiello (born June 9, 1983) is an American R&B singer-songwriter, known by her stage name, Frankee.	Frankee	singer
occupation	Sir Lionel Alexander Bethune Pilkington OBE FRS (1920--1995), always known as Sir Alastair Pilkington, was a British engineer and businessman who invented and perfected the float glass process for commercial manufacturing of plate glass.	Alastair Pilkington	engineer
occupation	Kenny Inglis is a musician, composer and music producer from Glasgow, Scotland.	Kenny Inglis	composer
occupation	Blaine Kelly is a current Gaelic football player with St Marys, Saggart and Dublin.	Blaine Kelly	Gaelic football player
occupation	Moe Z. Win (Burmese: မိုးဇော်ဝင်း, pronounced: (mó zɔ̀ wɪ́ɴ)) is a Burmese-American mathematician and electrical engineer known for his work in wireless communications.	Moe Z. Win	engineer
occupation	Armand Cabrera (born June 5, 1955 in San Francisco, California) is an American oil painter recognized for his en plein air landscape art, seascapes, cityscapes, still lifes and figurative works.	Armand Cabrera	painter
occupation	Domitius Modestus (floruit 358-377) was a politician of the Roman Empire.	Domitius Modestus	politician
occupation	Zach Ashton is a self-taught musician, recording artist and producer.	Zach Ashton	musician
occupation	Kees Verhoeven (born April 25, 1976 in Utrecht) is a Dutch politician and geographer.	Kees Verhoeven	politician	geographer
occupation	Reza Naji is an Iranian actor and an iconic figure of Iranian cinema.	Reza Naji	actor
occupation	Betsy Brannon Green (born June 1, 1958) is a Latter Day Saint mystery/suspense novelist.	Betsy Brannon Green	novelist
occupation	Luke Nolen is an Australian jockey best known for riding mare Black Caviar to 22 of her 25 consecutive wins.	Luke Nolen	jockey
occupation	Benjamin Julian Kaston (July 2, 1906 -- August 24, 1985), widely known as B. J. Kaston, was an American arachnologist.	B. J. Kaston	arachnologist
occupation	After his ordination as a priest St. Carláen founded a monastery in Oneilland, probably on land owned by his family.	Carláen	priest
occupation	John T. Mills (November 12, 1817 -- November 30, 1871) was an American lawyer who served as a Supreme Court Justice for the Republic of Texas.	John T. Mills	lawyer
occupation	Nicolas Vilant (1737-1807) was a mathematician from Scotland in the 18th century, known by his textbooks.	Nicolas Vilant	mathematician
occupation	Björn Danielsson (born August 14, 1977) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player currently assistant coach in IF Sundsvall Hockey team in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan league.	Björn Danielsson	ice hockey player
occupation	Eugenia Ostapciuc (Russian: Евгения Владимировна Остапчук) (born October 19, 1947, Fîntîniţa, Moldova) is a Moldovan politician, member of the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova.	Eugenia Ostapciuc	politician
occupation	Yuan Jing (simplified Chinese: 袁静; traditional Chinese: 袁靜; pinyin: Yuán Jìng; born March 27, 1987 in Wuxi, Jiangsu) is a Chinese sport shooter.	Yuan Jing	sport shooter
occupation	Bertran Folcon d'Avignon or Bertran Folco d'Avinhon (fl. 1202--1233) was a Provençal nobleman and troubadour from Avignon.	Bertran Folcon d'Avignon	troubadour
occupation	Scarlett Johansson (/dʒoʊˈhænsən/ joh-HAN-sən; born November 22, 1984) is an American actress, model, and singer.	Scarlett Johansson	model	singer
occupation	Marisol Aguirre-Morales Prouvé (born April 1, 1971) is a French Peruvian actress, TV host and model.	Marisol Aguirre	model
occupation	Mirta Roses Periago is an Argentine epidemiologist and the Director of the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) until January 31, 2013.	Mirta Roses Periago	epidemiologist
occupation	Suhasini Raj is a journalist based in India.	Suhasini Raj	journalist
occupation	Julio Carreras (h) (born August 19, 1949) is an Argentine writer (author of 12 books) and former guerrilla fighter.	Julio Carreras	writer
occupation	Roberto Firpo (May 10, 1884 -- June 14, 1969) was an Argentine tango pianist, composer, and leader.	Roberto Firpo	composer
occupation	Edo Castro (born May 24, 1957) is an American jazz bassist and composer.	Edo Castro	composer
occupation	Patricia Adair Gowaty is an American evolutionary biologist.	Patricia Adair Gowaty	biologist
occupation	John Jarratt (born 5 August 1952) is an Australian television and film actor, producer and director, who rose to fame through his work in the Australian New Wave.	John Jarratt	actor
occupation	Late in 1937, Geo Bogza traveled to Spain as a war correspondent in the Civil War, supporting the Republican side.	Geo Bogza	war correspondent
occupation	Song Zhiwen (simplified Chinese: 宋之问; traditional Chinese: 宋之問; c. 660--712) was a Chinese poet considered to be of the Tang poetry tradition of the Tang Dynasty, although technically his poetic career was largely within the anomalous dynastic interregnum of Wu Zetian.	Song Zhiwen	poet
occupation	Rabah Labiod (born 26 March 1948 in Constantine) he is a former Algerian boxer, who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight event, unfortunately he lost in the first round.	Rabah Labiod	boxer
occupation	Allan Holtz is a comic strip historian who researches and writes about newspaper comics for his Stripper's Guide blog, launched in 2005.	Allan Holtz	historian
occupation	Charlie Carver (born Charles Carver Martensen; July 31, 1988) is an American actor known for his role as Porter Scavo in the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.	Charlie Carver	actor
occupation	Dave Harris (born February 25, 1971) is an American disc jockey, songwriter, and musician.	Dave Harris	disc jockey	songwriter	musician
occupation	Breon Mitchell (born Bert Breon Mitchell; 1942) is a (retired) American professor of Germanic Studies and translator.	Breon Mitchell	translator
occupation	Victoria Baker is a French singer-songwriter, actress, composer, lyricist, writer, producer and director.	Victoria Baker	singer
occupation	Jack Owen is an American musician, best known as a renowned guitarist in the death metal genre.	Jack Owen	musician	guitarist
occupation	Georges André (July 26, 1876 -- March 19, 1945) was a French curler who won bronze at the Winter Olympics 1924.	Georges André	curler
occupation	Mohammed Al-Mansor (Arabic: محمد المنصور‎; Born July 9, 1948) is a Kuwaiti actor, He belong to the family of Acting, as well as begin actor he is the presenter of TV programme, his last programme called ``Twho Al-iLal.	Mohammed Al-Mansor	actor
occupation	Chartchai Ngamsan (Thai: ชาติชาย งามสรรพ, born 1973) is a Thai actor.	Chartchai Ngamsan	actor
occupation	Giles Walker is a Scottish-born Canadian film director.	Giles Walker	film director
occupation	Roberto Horcades Figueira (born April 19, 1947, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian cardiologist.	Roberto Horcades Figueira	cardiologist
occupation	Oberlin Smith (March 22, 1840 - July 19, 1926) was an American engineer who published one of the earliest works dealing with magnetic recording in 1888.	Oberlin Smith	engineer
occupation	Mattias Bhatt is a Swedish musician, multi-instrumentalist and songwriter, known as the guitarist and founding member of the Swedish post-rock band pg.lost.	Mattias Bhatt	musician	songwriter
occupation	Rose Marie Muraro (Rio de Janeiro, November 11, 1930 -- Rio de Janeiro, June 21, 2014) was a Brazilian sociologist, writer, intellectual and feminist.	Rose Marie Muraro	sociologist	writer
occupation	Flavius Claudius Antonius (fl. 370--380s) was a Roman politician under the reigns of Valentinian I, Gratian and Theodosius I. He was appointed consul in AD 382 alongside Flavius Afranius Syagrius.	Flavius Claudius Antonius	politician
occupation	Tina Britt (born Tina Brittingham, 1938) is an American R&B singer who had two hits on the Billboard R&B chart in the 1960s.	Tina Britt	singer
occupation	Mikhail Olegovich Yefremov (Russian: Михаи́л Оле́гович Ефре́мов; born November 10, 1963) is a Russian film and stage actor, Meritorious Artist of Russian Federation (1995).	Mikhail Olegovich Yefremov	actor
occupation	Roberto Alemann (born December 22, 1922) is an Argentine lawyer, economist, publisher, and academic.	Roberto Alemann	economist	publisher
occupation	John Peter Van Ness (November 4, 1769 -- March 7, 1846) was an American politician who was a United States Representative from New York and the tenth Mayor of Washington DC. Born in Ghent, New York to an old Dutch family.	John Peter Van Ness	politician
occupation	Wong Chin-chu (Chinese: 翁金珠; pinyin: Wēng Jīnzhū; Wade--Giles: Wōng Chīn-chū; born 31 January 1947), a Taiwanese politician, is a member of the Legislative Yuan.	Wong Chin-chu	politician
occupation	George Willis Kirkaldy (1873 -- February 2, 1910) was an English entomologist who specialised on Hemiptera.	George Willis Kirkaldy	entomologist
occupation	Guillermo Ayoví Erazo (born November 10, 1930) better known as Papá Roncón is an Afro-Ecuadorian musician, singer, and marimba player.	Guillermo Ayoví Erazo	singer
occupation	William Orville Ayres (September 11, 1817 -- April 30, 1887) was an American physician and ichthyologist.	William Orville Ayres	ichthyologist
occupation	Rosmarie Waldrop (born August 24, 1935), née Sebald, is a contemporary American poet, translator and publisher.	Rosmarie Waldrop	poet	translator
occupation	Devyani Saltzman is a Canadian author, curator and journalist.	Devyani Saltzman	journalist
occupation	Nino Katamadze (Georgian: ნინო ქათამაძე) is a Georgian jazz singer and artist.	Nino Katamadze	singer
occupation	Michael Wertheimer (born February 6, 1957) is a cryptologic mathematician.	Michael Wertheimer	mathematician
occupation	Ralph Woodrow is an Evangelical Christian minister, speaker and presently the author of sixteen books.	Ralph Woodrow	minister
occupation	Rosemary Smith (born 7 August 1937) is a rally driver from Dublin, Ireland.	Rosemary Smith	rally driver
occupation	George Tsutakawa (February 22, 1910 -- December 18, 1997) was an American painter and sculptor best known for his avant-garde bronze fountain designs.	George Tsutakawa	painter
occupation	Peter Theobalds is an English born musician and artist.	Peter Theobalds	musician	artist
occupation	Gordon Ridings was an American college men's basketball coach.	Gordon Ridings	basketball coach
occupation	Robert Lee Sudduth IV (born August 23, 1956), generally known by his stage name Skipp Sudduth, is an American theater, film, and TV actor.	Skipp Sudduth	actor
occupation	Ginger Orsi (born May 13, 1984 in California) is an American singer and former actress.	Ginger Orsi	singer
occupation	Latha Rajinikanth (born Latha Rangachari) is an Indian philanthropist, film producer, playback singer, and the wife of actor Rajinikanth.	Latha Rajinikanth	film producer
occupation	Tetsuji Kato is a Japanese mixed martial artist who competed in the welterweight and lightweight divisions .	Tetsuji Kato	mixed martial artist
occupation	Wil Seabrook (born October 25, 1976) is a musician, singer, and songwriter from Morganton, North Carolina.	Wil Seabrook	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Alexander Bryan Johnson (May 29, 1786 -- September 9, 1867) was an American philosopher and banker.	Alexander Bryan Johnson	philosopher
occupation	Başar Sabuncu (September 9, 1943 -- June 17, 2015), was a Turkish film director, screenwriter, cinematographer and occasional actor.	Başar Sabuncu	film director	screenwriter	cinematographer	actor
occupation	Colleen Coover (born July 14, 1969) is a comic book artist, known as creator of the lesbian-themed erotic comic book Small Favors from Eros Comix, illustrator of the comic book limited series Banana Sunday from Oni Press, and for illustrating several short stories in X-Men:	Colleen Coover	illustrator
occupation	Franz Ritter von Hauer, or Franz von Hauer (January 30, 1822 -- March 20, 1899), was an Austrian geologist.	Franz Ritter von Hauer	geologist
occupation	İbrahim Adnan Saraçoğlu (1949, Safranbolu) is a Turkish chemistry professor, biochemist, microbiologist and researcher.	İbrahim Adnan Saraçoğlu	biochemist
occupation	Karyn Monk is a Canadian best-selling writer of historical romance novels since 1994.	Karyn Monk	writer
occupation	Max Dreyfus (April 1, 1874 -- May 12, 1964) was a German-born American music publisher, arranger and songwriter.	Max Dreyfus	music publisher	songwriter
occupation	Nicky Mehta is a mezzo singer-songwriter, and member of Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys.	Nicky Mehta	singer
occupation	Yousra (/ˈjɔːsrə/ YAWS-rə; Arabic: يسرا‎, IPA: (ˈjosɾɑ, ˈjʊsɾɑ)) is an Egyptian actress and singer.	Yousra	singer
occupation	Erika Holzer is an American novelist and essayist who was a member of Ayn Rand's inner circle.	Erika Holzer	novelist
occupation	Marco Banderas (born February 13, 1967) is a Uruguayan-born Spanish pornographic actor and aspiring singer.	Marco Banderas	pornographic actor	singer
occupation	Phil Buckman (born November 18, 1969) is a musician, voiceover artist, and actor.	Phil Buckman	musician	actor
occupation	Bertha Steedman (1865 -- January 11, 1945) was a British tennis player who won nine double titles at the Wimbledon Championships between 1889 and 1899.	Bertha Steedman	tennis player
occupation	Michael James MacDonald (August 8, 1909--July 3, 1997) was a union leader, coal miner, volunteer firefighter and politician in Nova Scotia.	Michael James MacDonald	politician
occupation	Simone Cecchetti (born September 14, 1973) is an Italian portrait photographer.	Simone Cecchetti	photographer
occupation	Larry Kert (December 5, 1930 -- June 5, 1991) was an American actor, singer, and dancer.	Larry Kert	singer
occupation	Håkan Fredriksson (born December 18, 1970) is a Swedish producer and musician.	Håkan Fredriksson	musician
occupation	Dale Van Atta (born 1951) is a speaker, novelist, and journalist.	Dale Van Atta	novelist	journalist
occupation	Allan Olsen (born in Grønholt, Vendsyssel on March 18, 1956) is a Danish folkrock musician and singer-songwriter.	Allan Olsen	singer
occupation	Arno Esch (February 6, 1928 -- July 24, 1951) was a German liberal politician of the late 1940s in the Soviet Occupation Zone.	Arno Esch	politician
occupation	James Israel Standifer (September 10, 1779 -- August 20, 1837) was an American politician that represented Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	James Israel Standifer	politician
occupation	Isidore of Alexandria (/ˈɪzɨˌdɔr/ or /ˈɪzɨˌdoʊr/; or Isidorus /ˌɪzɨˈdɔrəs/ or /ˌɪzɨˈdɒrəs/, Greek: Ἰσίδωρος; c. 450--c. 520) was an Egyptian or Greek philosopher and one of the last of the Neoplatonists.	Isidore of Alexandria	philosopher
occupation	Larry Muhoberac (born Lawrence Gordon Muhoberac, Jr.; February 12, 1937) is an American musician, producer, and composer who at various times has also been known as Larry Owens and Larry Gordon.	Larry Muhoberac	musician	composer
occupation	Edwin San Juan (born February 24, 1969) is a Filipino American actor and comedian who is known for sharing his multicultural life experiences, his observational humor, word play and for poking fun at ethnic stereotypes.	Edwin San Juan	actor	comedian
occupation	Badri Shoshitaishvili is a Georgian politician and former Minister of Industry for Georgia.	Badri Shoshitaishvili	politician
occupation	Dianne Kahura (b. May 1, 1969) is a former rugby union player for the Black Ferns.	Dianne Kahura	rugby union player
occupation	Charles Humphrey (February 14, 1792 -- April 17, 1850), was an American lawyer and politician who served as United States Representative from New York.	Charles Humphrey	politician
occupation	Nathalie Cox is a British actress and model also known as Natalie Cox.	Nathalie Cox	model
occupation	Sigrid Rondelez (born March 17, 1971 in Bruges) is a Belgian windsurfer, who specialized in Mistral and Neil Pryde RS:	Sigrid Rondelez	windsurfer
occupation	Mike Marquez, better known by his stage name Mike Mictlan, is a rapper based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Mike Mictlan	rapper
occupation	Marianne Cusato is a designer, educator, author, and urban designer based in Miami, Florida.	Marianne Cusato	designer
occupation	John Stehr (born August 20, 1958, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), is an American television journalist.	John Stehr	journalist
occupation	Ryan Scott Oliver (born August 27, 1984) is a musical theatre composer and lyricist.	Ryan Scott Oliver	composer
occupation	Joseph Tom, better known by his stage name JT the Bigga Figga, is an American rapper and producer from the Fillmore neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	JT the Bigga Figga	rapper
occupation	Johnny Hines (1895-1970) was an American actor active primarily during the silent era, who did not transition well into talking pictures.	Johnny Hines	actor
occupation	Matt Chilton is a sports journalist, commentator and presenter.	Matt Chilton	journalist
occupation	Shanti Wintergate is a Canadian/American singer, songwriter, musician, actor and author.	Shanti Wintergate	singer
occupation	Tena Štivičić (pronounced (tɛ̝̌ːna ʃtîv̞itʃitɕ); born 1977) is a Croatian playwright.	Tena Štivičić	playwright
occupation	Jon Willis is a fencer living in Stockport, England.	Jon Willis	fencer
occupation	Alexandre Imperatori (born April 19, 1987 in Châtel Saint Denis) is a Swiss racing driver but lives in Shanghai, China.	Alexandre Imperatori	racing driver
occupation	Peter Oliphant is an American actor best known for playing Freddie Helper on The Dick Van Dyke Show.	Peter Oliphant	actor
occupation	Xing Aihua (born February 4, 1978) is Chinese long-track speed-skater.	Xing Aihua	speed-skater
occupation	Wallace M. Fay (January 30, 1896 -- April 25, 1976) was a Vermont business executive and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Wallace M. Fay	politician
occupation	Adolfo Pérez Esquivel (born November 26, 1931) is an Argentine human rights activist, community organizer, pacifist, art painter, writer and sculptor.	Adolfo Pérez Esquivel	painter	sculptor
occupation	Andrew Thatcher is an Australian born actor and film director.	Andrew Thatcher	film director
occupation	Lawrence Dennis (December 25, 1893 -- August 20, 1977) was an American diplomat, consultant and author.	Lawrence Dennis	author
occupation	Karel Sedláček (born 17 February 1979) is a Czech darts player, currently playing in British Darts Organisation events.	Karel Sedláček	darts player
occupation	John Paul Tremblay (born January 1, 1968) is a Canadian actor who stars in the hit Canadian TV show Trailer Park Boys playing Julian, a newly released ex-con returning to his home in a trailer park in Nova Scotia.	John Paul Tremblay	actor
occupation	Paul Hearty is a Gaelic football player from Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Paul Hearty	Gaelic football player
occupation	Toby McFarlan Pond is an English still life photographer who works in fashion, music, and advertising.	Toby McFarlan Pond	photographer
occupation	Christian Niccum (born January 27, 1978) is a retired American luger who has competed since 1996 on the World Cup tour.	Christian Niccum	luger
occupation	Khalifa AlJaziri (Arabic: خليفة الجزيري; born July 23, 1979) is an Emirati entrepreneur, co-founder of e-Home AUTOMATION and a notable UAE young business leader.	Khalifa AlJaziri	entrepreneur
occupation	William Porter (died 1436) of Wimpole, Cambridgeshire,was an English politician.	William Porter (died 1436)	politician
occupation	M. Padmakumar is an Indian film director in Malayalam cinema.	M. Padmakumar	film director
occupation	Greg McAulay (born January 2, 1960 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian World champion curler from Richmond, British Columbia.	Greg McAulay	curler
occupation	Pamela Silva Conde (born August 16, 1981) is a Peruvian American six time Emmy award winning journalist and co-anchor of the Univision Network's weekday newsmagazine, ``Primer Impacto'' (First Impact) one of the highest rating programs in the United States and in 12 Latin-American countries.	Pamela Silva Conde	journalist
occupation	Jane Kean (April 10, 1923 -- November 26, 2013) was an American actress and singer, whose career in show business spanned seven decades and included appearing in nightclubs, on recordings, and in radio, television, Broadway and films.	Jane Kean	singer
occupation	Jacen Tan is a Singaporean independent film director, and has been named by The Straits Times Life! as one of Singapore's ``most exciting young talents''.	Jacen Tan	film director
occupation	Ida May Park (December 28, 1879 -- June 13, 1954) was an American screenwriter and film director of the silent era, in the early 20th century.	Ida May Park	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Tia London (born Latia Bell, July 22, 1988, Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American singer-songwriter and rapper.	Tia London	singer-songwriter
occupation	František Vymazal (November 6, 1841 -- April 6, 1917) was a Czech polyglot and language textbooks writer.	František Vymazal	writer
occupation	Declan Hill is a journalist, academic and consultant.	Declan Hill	journalist
occupation	Ada Jessamine Shumate (born on March 31, 1902 as Ada Jessamine White in Horsepasture, Virginia - died on December 16, 1990 in Greenville, North Carolina) was an American artist, historian and cartographer, winner of the ``Award of Distinction'' in 1955 from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.	Jessamine Shumate	cartographer
occupation	Willis Burks II (October 25, 1935 -- November 21, 2010), sometimes credited as Willis Burks or Willis Burks, Jr., was an American television, film, stage and voice actor whose acting career spanned more than thirty years.	Willis Burks II	actor
occupation	August Blom (1869 - 1947) was a Danish film director, production leader and pioneer of silent films during the ``golden age'' of Danish filmmaking from 1910 to 1914.	August Blom	film director
occupation	Zacharias Papantoniou (Greek: Ζαχαρίας Παπαντωνίου, Zacharias Papandoniou) was a Greek writer.	Zacharias Papantoniou	writer
occupation	Brenda Burns (born November 22, 1950) is an American politician, real estate agent and member of the Republican Party from the state of Arizona who served as a member of the Arizona Corporation Commission from 2011 to 2015.	Brenda Burns	politician
occupation	Shelley Hardy (born May 19, 1982 in Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador as Shelley Nichols) is a Canadian curler from St. John's.	Shelley Hardy	curler
occupation	Emmanuel Tzanes (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Τζάνες, 1610 -- 28 March 1690), also known as Buniales (Greek: Μπουνιαλής), was a Greek Renaissance painter.	Emmanuel Tzanes	painter
occupation	Christian Rakovsky (August 13 (O.S. August 1) 1873 -- September 11, 1941) was a Bulgarian socialist revolutionary, a Bolshevik politician and Soviet diplomat; he was also noted as a journalist, physician, and essayist.	Christian Rakovsky	politician	diplomat	journalist	physician
occupation	Justus Buchler (March 27, 1914 -- March 19, 1991) was an American philosopher, author and professor.	Justus Buchler	philosopher
occupation	John Allen Campbell (October 8, 1835 -- July 14, 1880) was a politician and officer in the U.S. Army.	John Allen Campbell	officer
occupation	Reynold B. Johnson (July 16, 1906 -- September 15, 1998) was an American inventor and computer pioneer.	Reynold B. Johnson	inventor
occupation	Lisi Raskin (born 1974) is a New York based artist known for creating large-scale, architectural environments that refer to the often clandestine fallout shelters and missile silos constructed during the Cold War.	Lisi Raskin	artist
occupation	José Medel (June 21, 1938 - January 31, 2001), sometimes introduced as Joe Medel, was a Mexican boxer in the Featherweight division.	José Medel	boxer
occupation	Janus del Prado born as Janus Renato Robles Mateo del Prado on November 19, 1984, is a Filipino actor and comedian and he is the youngest son of veteran action star Renato Del Prado and Amelia Robles-del Prado.	Janus del Prado	actor	comedian
occupation	William D. Bond (commonly Bill Bond) (born January 2, 1931) is an inventor and mechanical engineer who retired from General Motors after spending his entire career with the car maker.	William D. Bond	engineer
occupation	Vilmos Zsigmond, ASC (June 16, 1930 -- January 1, 2016) was a Hungarian-American cinematographer.	Vilmos Zsigmond	cinematographer
occupation	Laurence McGivern (born September 22, 1992) is a retired Irish Paralympic swimmer from Rostrevor, County Down, Northern Ireland.	Laurence McGivern	swimmer
occupation	Vempati Chinna Satyam (October 15, 1929 -- July 29, 2012) was an Indian dancer and a guru of the Kuchipudi dance form.	Vempati Chinna Satyam	dancer
occupation	Rich Karlgaard is an American journalist, bestselling author, award-winning entrepreneur, and speaker.	Rich Karlgaard	journalist
occupation	Salli Setta is an American restaurateur and businesswoman.	Salli Setta	restaurateur
occupation	Deepa Bhaskar (Kannada: ದೀಪಾ ಭಾಸ್ಕರ್) is an Indian film and theatre actor, voice artist and classical dancer.	Deepa Bhaskar	actor
occupation	Justin Huang (Chinese: 黃健庭; pinyin: Huáng Jiàntíng) is a Taiwanese politician.	Justin Huang	politician
occupation	Michael Tellinger is a South African author, songwriter and politician.	Michael Tellinger	politician
occupation	Vincent Berthier de Lioncourt is a French composer and musician and, with Philippe Beaussant, co-founder of the Centre de Musique Baroque de Versailles.	Vincent Berthier de Lioncourt	composer
occupation	Vaine Wilton Ivie (March 28, 1907 -- August 8, 1969) was an American arachnologist, who described hundreds of new species and many new genera of spiders, both under his own name and in collaboration with Ralph Vary Chamberlin.	Wilton Ivie	arachnologist
occupation	Eric Simpson is an American women's basketball coach who most recently served as the head coach at Loyola University Chicago from 2009 until resigning at the end of the 2012--13 season.	Eric Simpson	basketball coach
occupation	Christopher Widmer (May 15, 1780 - May 3, 1858) was a British born physician and surgeon who spent much of his career in Canada.	Christopher Widmer	physician
occupation	Hans Zantema (1956) is a Dutch mathematician and computer scientist, and professor at Radboud University in Nijmegen, known for his work on termination analysis.	Hans Zantema	mathematician
occupation	Dr. Ben Isitt (born ca. 1978) is a Canadian historian and legal scholar with expertise in the relationship between social movements and the state.	Ben Isitt	historian
occupation	Brian Larsen (born April 9, 1986, in Laurel, Maryland) is a multi-instrumentalist, singer, and record producer.	Brian Larsen	singer	record producer
occupation	Irwin Heilner (b. New York City, May 14, 1908; d. January 18, 1991) was an American composer of contemporary classical music.	Irwin Heilner	composer
occupation	Swapnil Joshi (born October 18, 1977) is an Indian film and television actor, in Hindi and Marathi languages.	Swapnil Joshi	actor
occupation	Man Mountain Dean (June 30, 1891 -- May 29, 1953), born Frank Simmons Leavitt, was a professional wrestler of the early 1900s.	Man Mountain Dean	professional wrestler
occupation	Janice Kaplan is an American novelist, magazine editor, and television producer.	Janice Kaplan	novelist	television producer
occupation	Julie Strain (born February 18, 1962) is an American actress and model who was Penthouse Pet of the Month in June 1991 and later chosen as the magazine's Pet of the Year in 1993.	Julie Strain	model
occupation	Yi So-yeon (born June 2, 1978) is a biotechnologist and astronaut who became the first Korean to fly in space.	Yi So-yeon	astronaut
occupation	Juliusz Wyrzykowski (born June 6, 1946; died November 11, 2002) was a Polish movie and stage actor.	Juliusz Wyrzykowski	actor
occupation	Norman Tipton is a British actor who worked primarily on television in the 1970s.	Norman Tipton	actor
occupation	Atul Agnihotri is an Indian film actor, producer, and director.	Atul Agnihotri	actor
occupation	J. A. Milton Perera (1938-- October 24, 1991) was a leading playback singer of Sri Lankan cinema during the 1960s and 1970s.	J. A. Milton Perera	playback singer
occupation	Cirroc Lofton (born August 7, 1978) is an American actor who started his career at nine years of age with many minor roles.	Cirroc Lofton	actor
occupation	Dick Kulpa is an American cartoonist best known for his work for Cracked and Weekly World News.	Dick Kulpa	cartoonist
occupation	Vetcho Lolas, friend of Shaggy Sharufa and N'Guessan Amessan, said Bébi Philippe worked as a disc jockey in one of the biggest maquis Abidjanais.	Vetcho Lolas	disc jockey
occupation	Julian Knowles is an Australian composer and performer, specialising in new and emerging technologies.	Julian Knowles	composer
occupation	Abdullah Al-Eyaf (Arabic: عبدالله آل عياف‎; born October 31, 1976) is a Saudi film director also known as Abdullah Al Eyaf and Abdullah Aleyaf.	Abdullah Al-Eyaf	film director
occupation	Jennifer Castle is a Canadian singer-songwriter, based in Toronto, Ontario.	Jennifer Castle	singer
occupation	Lucy Toulmin Smith (1838--1911) was an Anglo-American antiquarian and librarian, known for her first publication of the York Mystery Plays and other early works.	Lucy Toulmin Smith	librarian
occupation	Lyn Gardner is a British theatre critic, writer and journalist, who works for The Guardian.	Lyn Gardner	writer	journalist
occupation	Robert Irving III (born October 27, 1953) is an American pianist, composer, arranger and music educator.	Robert Irving III	pianist	composer
occupation	Jake Niall is a sports journalist at The Age in Melbourne, Australia.	Jake Niall	journalist
occupation	Colonel Henry C. Bradsby, often credited as H.C. Bradsby, was a late 19th-century historian and biographer.	Henry C. Bradsby	historian
occupation	Thomas Cooper Huckabee (born May 8, 1951) is an American film and television actor who is best remembered for appearing in The Funhouse and Urban Cowboy and for his role as Harrison in the 1993 film Gettysburg.	Cooper Huckabee	actor
occupation	Jay Allison is an American independent public radio producer and broadcast journalist.	Jay Allison	journalist
occupation	Javier Parrado (born 1964) is a Bolivian classical composer, whose works have been performed in Europe, and Latin America.	Javier Parrado	composer
occupation	Catherine Palmer is an American Christian novelist.	Catherine Palmer	novelist
occupation	Victor David Brenner (born Viktoras Baranauskas; June 12, 1871 -- April 5, 1924) was a Litvak-American sculptor, engraver, and medalist known primarily as the designer of the United States Lincoln Cent.	Victor David Brenner	sculptor
occupation	John George Reitci (February 26, 1922 -- April 25, 1983) was an American writer of detective fiction who wrote under the name Jack Ritchie.	Jack Ritchie	writer
occupation	Vincent Zhuk-Hryshkevich (Belarusian: Вінцэнт Жук-Грышкевіч, February 10, 1903, Budsław -- February 14, 1989, Barrie) was a Belarusian politician and teacher.	Vincent Zhuk-Hryshkevich	teacher
occupation	Chris Farren is an American country music songwriter and record producer.	Chris Farren	songwriter
occupation	Jann Arden (born Jann Arden Anne Richards; March 27, 1962) is a Canadian singer-songwriter.She was famous for her signature ballads, Could I Be Your Girl and Insensitive, which is so far her biggest hit.	Jann Arden	singer
occupation	Peter Biskind is an American cultural critic, film historian, journalist, former executive editor of Premiere magazine from 1986 to 1996, and the author of books depicting life in Hollywood, including Seeing Is Believing, Easy Riders, Raging Bulls, Down and Dirty Pictures, and Gods and Monsters.	Peter Biskind	journalist
occupation	Alican Kaynar (born October 30, 1988 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the Finn class.	Alican Kaynar	yacht racer
occupation	Richard McMeekin was a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario, who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1937.	Richard McMeekin	politician
occupation	John Bancker Aycrigg (July 9, 1798 -- November 8, 1856) was an American politician who represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives from 1837 to 1839 and 1841 to 1843.	John Bancker Aycrigg	politician
occupation	Giorgos Provias (Greek: Γιώργος Προβιάς) is a Greek dancer, actor and choreographer, the creator of the staple Greek ``folk'' dance Sirtaki.	Giorgos Provias	dancer	choreographer
occupation	François M. Angers served as a judge on the Tax Court of Canada.	François M. Angers	judge
occupation	Noel McMeel is an Irish chef who is executive head chef at Lough Erne Golf Resort and Hotel in Enniskillen, Co. Fermanagh.	Noel McMeel	chef
occupation	Gil Montilla (born September 11, 1876 -- July 20, 1946) was a Filipino politician who served as Speaker of the National Assembly from 1935 to 1938, and a member of the Philippine Senate from Negros Occidental from 1931 to 1935.	Gil Montilla	politician
occupation	Lu Leonard (June 5, 1926 -- May 14, 2004), the daughter of character actor Hal Price, was an American actress.	Lu Leonard	actor
occupation	Henry Faithful (August 10, 1794 -- February 17, 1851) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex.	Henry Faithful	cricketer
occupation	Valerios Leonidis (Greek: Βαλέριος Λεωνίδης; born February 14, 1966) is a Greek former weightlifter and current weightlifting trainer.	Valerios Leonidis	weightlifter
occupation	Jeff F. King (sometimes credited simply as Jeff King) is a Canadian screenwriter, comic writer, television producer and film director.	Jeff F. King	film director
occupation	Nayer Regalado better known by the mononym Nayer (sometimes stylized as NAYER!), is a Latin pop singer.	Nayer	singer
occupation	Patsy Keever (born December 20, 1947) is a North Carolina educator and Democratic politician.	Patsy Keever	politician
occupation	Tatsuo Hasegawa (長谷川 龍雄, Hasegawa Tatsuo, February 8, 1916 -- April 29, 2008) was a Japanese automotive engineer, and known as the development chief of the first Toyota Corolla.	Tatsuo Hasegawa	engineer
occupation	Kintu Musoke, (born 5 August 1938), is a Ugandan politician, closely associated with President Yoweri Museveni.	Kintu Musoke	politician
occupation	Arnett Howard (born September 6, 1950) is an African American jazz musician, journalist, teacher, author, historian, and official ambassador for Columbus, Ohio.	Arnett Howard	jazz musician
occupation	Audrey Wells (born April 29, 1960) is an American screenwriter, film director, and producer.	Audrey Wells	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Giovanni Felice Sances (also Sancies, Sanci, Sanes, Sanchez, ca. 1600 -- 24 November 1679) was an Italian singer and a Baroque composer.	Giovanni Felice Sances	composer
occupation	Otis Turner (November 29, 1862 -- March 28, 1918) was an American director, screenwriter and producer.	Otis Turner	screenwriter
occupation	In 1939, Leonor Orosa-Goquingco was the only dancer sent on the first cultural mission to Japan, at the age of 19.	Leonor Orosa-Goquingco	dancer
occupation	Jud Strunk (June 11, 1936--October 5, 1981) was an American singer, songwriter and comedian.	Jud Strunk	singer
occupation	Ruperto Donoso (November 10, 1914 - August 16, 2001) was a jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing best known for riding Phalanx to victory in the 1947 Belmont Stakes.	Ruperto Donoso	jockey
occupation	Jennifer Valoppi is an award winning journalist who has been recognized four times on the floor of the United States Congress, and is a 2006 recipient of Florida Governor Jeb Bush's Points of Light Award.	Jennifer Valoppi	journalist
occupation	Jason Goldwatch (born September 1, 1976) is an American music video director and commercial director who is a Co-Founder and Executive Creative Director of Decon, a creative agency and record label based in New York.	Jason Goldwatch	director
occupation	Joseph Mario Jacques Olivier, PC (April 14, 1944) is a Canadian politician, businessman and labour leader.	Jacques Olivier	politician
occupation	Don Falcone (born November 5, 1958) is an American musician and producer.	Don Falcone	musician
occupation	Manca Izmajlova (pronounced ``Mantsa Izmaylova'') is a Slovenian opera/ crossover singer (mezzo-soprano) and actress who is best known for her musical project Slavic Soul, recorded and performed live with Russian State Symphony Cinema Orchestra conducted by Sergei Skripka.	Manca Izmajlova	singer
occupation	James C. Kaufman (born 1974) is a psychologist known for his research on creativity.	James C. Kaufman	psychologist
occupation	N.P Sajeesh (born 7 December 1976) is a writer, journalist and film critic.	N.P Sajeesh	journalist
occupation	Mete Binay (born January 19, 1985 in Emirseyit, Tokat) is a Turkish world champion weightlifter competing in the --69 kg division.	Mete Binay	weightlifter
occupation	William D. McCrackan (1864-1923) was an American journalist and author of books on history and travel.	William D. McCrackan	journalist
occupation	Abhik Mukhopadhyay is an Indian Bengali cinematographer.	Abhik Mukhopadhyay	cinematographer
occupation	Starting from about 20 years of age Parviz Yahaghi was employed for a little over two decades as a musician with the Iranian government-financed radio station.	Parviz Yahaghi	musician
occupation	Małgorzata Szczęśniak (born 1954) is a Polish stage and costume designer.	Małgorzata Szczęśniak	costume designer
occupation	Harry Edward Stinson (Wayland, Iowa, January 3, 1898 - July 27, 1975, San Diego, California) was a noted 20th-century sculptor.	Harry Edward Stinson	sculptor
occupation	Hugh Sidey (September 3, 1927 -- November 21, 2005) was an American journalist who worked for Life magazine starting in 1955, then moved on to Time magazine in 1957.	Hugh Sidey	journalist
occupation	Nicolas Farkas (1890--1982) was an Austro-Hungarian-born cinematographer, screenwriter and film director.	Nicolas Farkas	cinematographer	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Harry Pregerson (born October 13, 1923) serves as a Senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	Harry Pregerson	judge
occupation	Kalonymus ben Todros (d. ca. 1194) was a Provencal rabbi who flourished at Narbonne in the second half of the twelfth century.	Kalonymus ben Todros	rabbi
occupation	Mariya Ohurtsova (Ukrainian: Марія Огурцова; born January 4, 1983 in Zaporizhia) is a Ukrainian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint butterfly events.	Mariya Ohurtsova	swimmer
occupation	Henry Krieger (born February 9, 1945 in New York City) is an American musical theatre composer.	Henry Krieger	composer
occupation	Rodney Lough Jr. (born 1960) is an American landscape photographer and gallery owner.	Rodney Lough Jr.	photographer
occupation	Doreen Chanter is a British singer best known as a member of the Chanter Sisters and for her work as a backing vocalist and session vocalist during the 1970s and 1980s.	Doreen Chanter	singer
occupation	Raz Olsher is a London-based music producer, songwriter and composer.	Raz Olsher	composer
occupation	Jay Marshall Strabala is an American architect who has participated in the design of skyscrapers and other buildings.	Marshall Strabala	architect
occupation	Walter Rudin (May 2, 1921 -- May 20, 2010) was an Austrian-American mathematician and professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin--	Walter Rudin	mathematician
occupation	Pedro Telemaco (born October 13, 1968) is a Puerto Rican actor, model and comedian.	Pedro Telemaco	actor
occupation	Paul Walton is a British motoring journalist and photographer.	Paul Walton	journalist
occupation	Matteo Borboni or Borbone (circa 1610 - November 13, 1689) was an Italian painter, known for fresco depiction of quadratura during the Baroque period, active mainly in his native Bologna.	Matteo Borboni	painter
occupation	Bruce Cannon is an American film editor whose credits include Four Brothers, Higher Learning, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, Sunset Strip, Things We Lost in the Fire, Rosewood, Boyz n the Hood, and Vincent-N-Roxxy.	Bruce Cannon	film editor
occupation	Arnis Vecvagars (April 12, 1974) is a Latvian former basketball player and current coach of BK Jūrmala.	Arnis Vecvagars	basketball player
occupation	Christian Frederick Martin, Sr. (German: Christian Friedrich Martin I.; January 31, 1796 -- February 16, 1873) was a German-born American luthier who specialized in guitars.	Christian Frederick Martin	luthier
occupation	Ida Adams (c. 1888 -- November 4, 1960), sometimes credited as Ida M. Adams, was an American-born actress and singer who worked chiefly in musical theatre.	Ida Adams	singer
occupation	Edward Raymond Neaher (May 2, 1912 in Brooklyn, NY -- April 19, 1994 in Chevy Chase, MD) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	Edward Raymond Neaher	judge
occupation	Crystal Gayle (born Brenda Gail Webb on January 9, 1951) is an American country music singer.	Crystal Gayle	singer
occupation	Kolluru Krishan is an Indian engineer and businessman.	Kolluru Krishan	engineer
occupation	Rev. Ernest George Hansell (born: May 14, 1895 Norwich, England - died: December 9, 1965) was an ordained minister as well as a Canadian federal and provincial politician.	Ernest George Hansell	politician
occupation	Rafik Khachatryan (Armenian: Ռաֆիկ Գարեգինի Խաչատրյան; October 7, 1937 -- January 16, 1993) was an Armenian sculptor.	Rafik Khachatryan	sculptor
occupation	Ileana Espinel Cedeño (October 31, 1933 -- February 21, 2001) was an Ecuadorian journalist, poet and writer.	Ileana Espinel	journalist	poet	writer
occupation	The Lysippides Painter was an Attic vase painter in the black-figure style.	Lysippides Painter	vase painter
occupation	Wedgwood Nowell (1878--1957) was an American character actor and bit-part player, appearing in about 140 movies from 1915 through 1947.	Wedgwood Nowell	actor
occupation	Subhash Sharma is a freelance photographer based in Mumbai, India, who specializes in humanistic and documentary photography.	Subhash Sharma	photographer
occupation	Laura Daniela Herrero (born August 19, 1985 in Berazategui Partido) is an Argentine Pop rock singer and songwriter.	Daniela Herrero	singer
occupation	Philomena Bijlhout (born November 13, 1957) is a Dutch television presenter and former politician.	Philomena Bijlhout	television presenter	politician
occupation	George Seaton (April 17, 1911 -- July 28, 1979) was an American screenwriter, playwright, film director and producer, and theatre director.	George Seaton	screenwriter	playwright	film director
occupation	Anne Yvonne Gilbert (born 1950/1951; sometimes credited as Yvonne Gilbert), is a British artist and book illustrator.	Anne Yvonne Gilbert	illustrator
occupation	Andrea Lindsay is a Canadian pop singer-songwriter, who won the Juno Award for Francophone Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2010 for her album Les Sentinelles dorment.	Andrea Lindsay	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tahar Cheriaa (Tunisian Arabic: شيريا الطاهر‎; January 5, 1927 -- November 4, 2010) was a Tunisian film critic and the founder of the Carthage Film Festival in 1966.	Tahar Cheriaa	film critic
occupation	Deborah Sengl (born 1974) is an Austrian painter and artist.	Deborah Sengl	painter
occupation	Toby Philpott is an English puppeteer best known for his work in motion picture animatronics during the 1980s in such films as The Dark Crystal and Return of the Jedi.	Toby Philpott	puppeteer
occupation	Zoogz Rift (born Robert Pawlikowski; July 10, 1953 -- March 22, 2011) was an American musician, painter and professional wrestling personality.	Zoogz Rift	musician
occupation	Mohamed Ben Salem, born on 19 february 1953, is a Tunisian politician.	Mohamed Ben Salem	politician
occupation	David C. Sutherland III (April 4, 1949 -- June 6, 2005) was an early Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) artist.	David C. Sutherland III	artist
occupation	Edward Constant Séguin, M.D. (1843-1896) was an American neurologist and a founder of the American Neurological Association in 1875.	Edward Constant Séguin	neurologist
occupation	Deke Richards (April 8, 1944 -- March 24, 2013), born Dennis Lussier and also known as Deke Lussier, was an American songwriter and record producer, one of many white musicians/songwriters who were affiliated with Motown.	Deke Richards	record producer
occupation	Elvin Ayala (born January 15, 1981) is an American professional boxer from New Haven, Connecticut.	Elvin Ayala	boxer
occupation	Karen Swenson (born July 29, 1936 New York City) is an American poet and journalist.	Karen Swenson	journalist
occupation	Susy Schultz is an American journalist, educator and social advocate.	Susy Schultz	journalist
occupation	Stephen Sacklarian (1899--1983) was an American Contemporary painter and sculptor of Bulgarian Armenian descent.	Stephen Sacklarian	painter
occupation	Eduardo Sojo Garza-Aldape (January 9, 1956 in León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican economist.	Eduardo Sojo Garza-Aldape	economist
occupation	Fariba Fahroo is an American Persian mathematician, a program manager at the Defense Sciences Office, and a former program manager at the Air Force Office of Scientific Research.	Fariba Fahroo	mathematician
occupation	Arthur Wesley Dow (April 6, 1857 -- December 13, 1922) was an American painter, printmaker, photographer and influential arts educator.	Arthur Wesley Dow	painter
occupation	Donald Low (May 2, 1945 - September 18, 2013) was a Canadian microbiologist noted for his role in battling the SARS outbreak of 2003.	Donald Low	microbiologist
occupation	Clem Bevans (October 16, 1879 -- August 11, 1963) was an American character actor best remembered for playing eccentric, grumpy old men.	Clem Bevans	actor
occupation	Ismael Zambada García (born January 1, 1948), also known as El Mayo Zambada, is a Mexican drug lord and one of the three Sinaloa Cartel leaders.	Ismael Zambada García	drug lord
occupation	Gaius Sosius was a Roman general and politician.	Gaius Sosius	politician
occupation	Terence Verity (1913 -- 1967) was a British Art director and architect.	Terence Verity	architect
occupation	Ramanuja Vijayaraghavan (born January 3, 1931) is an Indian physicist, specializing in condensed matter physics.	Ramanuja Vijayaraghavan	physicist
occupation	Fahrettin Cüreklibatır (born September 7, 1937), better known by his stage name Cüneyt Arkın, is a Turkish film actor, director, and producer.	Cüneyt Arkın	actor
occupation	James Whitney Dunn (born July 21, 1943) is a politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Michigan.	James Whitney Dunn	politician
occupation	Stephen H. Segal is a Hugo Award-winning American editor, writer and publication designer, and is the current editor in chief of the Philadelphia Weekly.	Stephen H. Segal	writer
occupation	Ralston Crawford (1906--1978) was an American abstract painter, lithographer, and photographer.	Ralston Crawford	painter	photographer
occupation	Phillip Bimstein (born 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American alternative classical music composer and politician.	Phillip Bimstein	composer
occupation	Stuart Reardon is an English fitness model and professional rugby league footballer who is currently playing for North Wales Crusaders.	Stuart Reardon	model
occupation	James Flaherty is an American actor and stand-up comedian.	James Flaherty	actor
occupation	Jan Szczepanik (June 13, 1872 -- April 18, 1926) was a Polish inventor, with several hundred patents and over 50 discoveries to his name, many of which are still applied today, especially in the motion picture industry, as well as in photography and television.	Jan Szczepanik	inventor
occupation	Dyer Ball (June 3, 1796 -- March 27, 1866) was an American missionary and medical doctor in China.	Dyer Ball	missionary
occupation	Robert S. Wallerstein (January 28, 1921 -- December 21, 2014) was a prominent German born American psychoanalyst.	Robert S. Wallerstein	psychoanalyst
occupation	Ronald L. Ellis (born July 4, 1950) is a United States magistrate judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.	Ronald L. Ellis	judge
occupation	Norris Winslow (1834, Watertown, Jefferson County, New York -- May 10, 1900, Watertown, New York) was an American banker and politician from New York.	Norris Winslow	politician
occupation	Zhao Zuo (simplified Chinese: 赵左; traditional Chinese: 趙左; pinyin: Zhào Zuǒ; Wade--Giles: Chao Tso), a native of Huating (华亭, now Songjiang, Shanghai) was a noted Chinese painter in Ming Dynasty.	Zhao Zuo	painter
occupation	Julia Bell (January 28, 1879 -- April 26, 1979) was a pioneering English human geneticist.	Julia Bell	geneticist
occupation	Victor Schumann (December 21, 1841 -- September 1, 1913) was a physicist and spectroscopist who in 1893 discovered the vacuum ultraviolet.	Victor Schumann	physicist
occupation	William Findley (c. 1741 -- April 4, 1821) was an Irish-born farmer and politician from Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.	William Findley	politician
occupation	Doug Gabbard, II is a judge on the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals, the intermediate appellate court in the state of Oklahoma.	Doug Gabbard, II	judge
occupation	Denis Kurian (Belarusian: Дзяніс Кур'ян; born in Minsk) is a Belarusian journalist and television presenter.	Denis Kurian	journalist
occupation	Kevin Sussman (born December 4, 1970) is an American actor of television and film perhaps best known for his recurring roles as Stuart Bloom on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory and as Walter on the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty.	Kevin Sussman	actor
occupation	Prejish Prakash (Malayalam പ്രജീഷ് പ്രകാശ്) is an Indian film editor from kerala working primarily in Malayalam cinema.	Prejish Prakash	film editor
occupation	Amanda Labarca Hubertson (1886--1975) was a Chilean diplomat, educator, writer and feminist.	Amanda Labarca	diplomat
occupation	Manuel de la Pila Iglesias (November 16, 1884 -- October 5, 1950) was a Puerto Rican physician practicing in Ponce, Puerto Rico, who specialized in a half-dozen medical specialities.	Manuel de la Pila Iglesias	physician
occupation	Barbara Tausia began her dance and music career as a vocal artist with the French hip hop singer MC Solaar, singing on the song ``La La, La La'' on his album Cinquième As.	Barbara Tausia	singer
occupation	Malouma Mint El Meidah (Arabic: المعلومة منت الميداح‎, also simply Maalouma or Malouma; born October 1, 1960) is a Mauritanian singer, songwriter and politician.	Malouma	politician
occupation	Jenő Hunyady (April 28, 1838, Pest -- December 26, 1889, Budapest) was a Hungarian mathematician noted for his work on conic sections and linear algebra, specifically on determinants.	Jenő Hunyady	mathematician
occupation	W. Bowman Cutter is an economist, political thinker and businessman in the USA.	Bowman Cutter	economist
occupation	Miguel Reale (November 6, 1910 -- April 14, 2006) was a Brazilian jurist, philosopher, academic, politician and poet.	Miguel Reale	philosopher	politician
occupation	Rufus Palen (February 25, 1807 -- April 26, 1844) was an American manufacturer and politician in the U.S. state of New York.	Rufus Palen	politician
occupation	Khurshid Rizvi is a Pakistani scholar, poet, linguist, and historian of Arabic languages and literature.	Khurshid Rizvi	poet	linguist
occupation	Stephen Waldschmidt is an actor, playwright, theatre director, scenic designer, graphic designer, and stay-at-home dad originally from Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Stephen Waldschmidt	graphic designer
occupation	Dr. Kunio Yamazaki was a biologist who worked at the Monell Chemical Senses Center from 1980 until his death.	Kunio Yamazaki	biologist
occupation	Sue Cassidy Clark is a music journalist and photographer who specialized in soul, gospel, and rock music in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Sue Cassidy Clark	journalist
occupation	Keahu Kahuanui (born August 7, 1986) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the recurring character Danny Mahealani in the television series Teen Wolf on MTV.	Keahu Kahuanui	actor
occupation	Harry Rowe Shelley (June 8, 1858 -- September 12, 1947) was an American composer, organist (church and concert), and professor of music.	Harry Rowe Shelley	composer
occupation	Jaylaani Nur Ikar (Somali: Jaylaani Nuur Ikar, Arabic: جيلاني نور‎), also known as Jeylani Nur Ikar, is a Somali politician.	Jeylani Nur Ikar	politician
occupation	Alan Tew was a British composer and arranger.	Alan Tew	composer
occupation	John Crosthwaite (1925--2010) was an English race car designer and engineer, active in both the United Kingdom and the United States.	John Crosthwaite	engineer
occupation	Mildred Cohn (July 12, 1913 -- October 12, 2009) was an American biochemist who furthered understanding of biochemical processes through her study of chemical reactions within animal cells.	Mildred Cohn	biochemist
occupation	Montgomery Bell (January 3, 1769, Chester County, Pennsylvania -- April 1, 1855, Dickson County, Tennessee) was a manufacturing entrepreneur who was crucial to the economic development of early Middle Tennessee.	Montgomery Bell	entrepreneur
occupation	Inge Auerbacher (born December 31, 1934 in Kippenheim) is an American chemist of German origin.	Inge Auerbacher	chemist
occupation	Mandy Lauderdale is a cabaret singer from Atlanta, Georgia.	Mandy Lauderdale	singer
occupation	Ardis E. Parshall is a historian, freelance researcher specializing in Mormon history, a blogger and a columnist for the Salt Lake Tribune.	Ardis E. Parshall	historian
occupation	Charles Thomas Stearns was an American politician, member of the Minnesota Territorial Council (1849--1858) representing the 3rd District from 1854--55, and had taken an active part in securing the passage of the bill establishing the county.	Charles Thomas Stearns	politician
occupation	Deepak Shirke is a Bollywood and Marathi film actor who was famous for his sinister roles in Hindi movies.	Deepak Shirke	actor
occupation	Anne Midgette is an American journalist and classical music critic.	Anne Midgette	journalist	music critic
occupation	Andrea Cominelli was an Italian stonemason, sculptor and architect who was active in thr Republic of Venice during the second half of the 17th century.	Andrea Cominelli	sculptor	architect
occupation	Oscar Pettiford (September 30, 1922 -- September 8, 1960) was an American jazz double bassist, cellist and composer.	Oscar Pettiford	cellist
occupation	Robert Eisenman is an American biblical scholar, theoretical writer, historian, archaeologist, and ``road'' poet.	Robert Eisenman	archaeologist
occupation	Charles R. Chapman (November 23, 1827 -- January 25, 1897) was an American lawyer and politician who was a mayor of Hartford, Connecticut, and served in both houses of the Connecticut legislature.	Charles R. Chapman	politician
occupation	Paul Mattick, Sr. (March 13, 1904 -- February 7, 1981) was a Marxist political writer and social revolutionary, whose thought can be placed within the council communist and left communist traditions.	Paul Mattick	writer
occupation	Kaitlin Colombo is an American stand-up comedian, television personality, writer, and actress.	Kaitlin Colombo	writer
occupation	Stuart Maconie (born 13 August 1960) is an English radio DJ and television presenter, writer, journalist, and critic working in the field of pop music and popular culture.	Stuart Maconie	journalist
occupation	Philip Maneval (born 1956) is an American composer and arts administrator.	Philip Maneval	composer
occupation	Esmael Mangudadatu was born on August 15, 1968 to father Pua Mangudadatu, who was a famous politician that was president of the ``Magnificent 7'', a group of influential politicians in the province at the time.	Esmael Mangudadatu	politician
occupation	Amadou Ly is a Senegalese-born actor, known for his role in The Twilight Saga:	Amadou Ly	actor
occupation	Paula Todd is a Canadian journalist, investigative author, broadcaster, and lawyer.	Paula Todd	journalist	lawyer
occupation	Johannes Taslim or Joe Taslim (born June 23, 1981) is a Chinese Indonesian actor, model, and martial artist.	Joe Taslim	actor	model
occupation	Michael W. Vannier (born January 12, 1949) is a radiologist in Chicago.	Michael W. Vannier	radiologist
occupation	Miguel Ángel Suárez (July 5, 1939 -- April 1, 2009) was a Puerto Rican soap opera and movie actor.	Miguel Ángel Suárez	actor
occupation	Peter Litten or Peter Mackenzie Litten (born 25 May 1960) is a British film director and designer.	Peter Litten	film director
occupation	Brian Borcherdt (born August 31, 1976) is a Canadian musician who has been both a solo artist and a member of Burnt Black, Trephines, Hot Carl Loves The Ladies, By Divine Right, Holy Fuck, Lids, and Dusted.	Brian Borcherdt	musician
occupation	Dave Besteman (born David Robert Besteman) is a former Olympic speed skater.	Dave Besteman	speed skater
occupation	Corey Snide (born December 19, 1993) is an American actor and dancer best known for his performance as Billy in Billy Elliot the Musical based on the hit film Billy Elliot.	Corey Snide	actor
occupation	Michelle Simson (born July 10, 1953) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the Ontario electoral district of Scarborough Southwest as a Member of Parliament from 2008 through 2011.	Michelle Simson	politician
occupation	Michelangelo Ricci (1619--1682) was an Italian mathematician and a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Michelangelo Ricci	mathematician
occupation	Vlado Strugar (Serbian: Владо Стругар) (Donji Ulići, Kingdom of Yugoslavia 28 December 1922) is a Serbian historian and member of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts, Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts and Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Vlado Strugar	historian
occupation	Kane Richmond (December 23, 1906 -- March 22, 1973) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s, mostly appearing in cliffhangers and serials.	Kane Richmond	actor
occupation	Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis I, sometimes referred to as John-Chrysostome Brauneis I (1785 -- 15 September 1832, Quebec City), was a Canadian composer, bandmaster, and music educator of German birth.	Jean-Chrysostome Brauneis I	composer	music educator
occupation	Alexander Yakobson (Hebrew: אלכסנדר יעקובסון‎; October 5, 1959) is an Israeli historian, professor of Ancient history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, political activist, and commentator.	Alexander Yakobson	historian
occupation	Stella Feehily is a London-born Irish playwright and actor.	Stella Feehily	playwright
occupation	Max Patkin (January 10, 1920 -- October 30, 1999) was an American baseball player and clown, best known as the Clown Prince of Baseball (a play on ``Crown Prince'').	Max Patkin	baseball player
occupation	Hussein Khaliqi or Huseyn Xelîqî or Hossein Khalighi or Ḥusayn Khalīqī, is a contemporary Kurdish writer.	Hussein Khaliqi	writer
occupation	Nguyễn Thanh Tùng (born on October 20, 1979) is a famous Vietnamese monochord music performer and composer.	Nguyễn Thanh Tùng	composer
occupation	Mary Mackey is an American novelist, poet, and academic.	Mary Mackey	novelist	poet
occupation	Professor Nicky Milner is an archaeologist and deputy Head of the Archaeology Department at the University of York.	Nicky Milner	archaeologist
occupation	Sunny Cheema is a Punjabi singer, actor and producer.	Sunny Cheema	actor
occupation	William Joseph Campbell (March 19, 1905 -- October 19, 1988) was a United States federal judge and the longest serving Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.	William Joseph Campbell	judge
occupation	Dave Torbert (June 7, 1948 -- December 7, 1982) was a Bay Area musician, best known for his associations with the Grateful Dead and the New Riders of the Purple Sage.	Dave Torbert	musician
occupation	Craig Point (born January 19, 1986), is an Iroquois lacrosse player who currently plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Six Nations Chiefs of Major Series Lacrosse.	Craig Point	lacrosse player
occupation	Rick Amato is an American national television host, radio host, columnist and political commentator.	Rick Amato	columnist
occupation	Karl Logan (born April 28, 1965) is the guitarist of the heavy metal band Manowar.	Karl Logan	guitarist
occupation	On 3 August 3 1848, after twenty-one years as a lawyer at the Court of Appeal, Augustus Van Dievoet was appointed by Royal Decree an advocate of the Supreme Court.	Augustus Van Dievoet	lawyer
occupation	Kurt Seifert (1903-1950) was a German actor, singer and theatre director.	Kurt Seifert	actor	singer
occupation	Dimitrios Kiousopoulos (Greek: Δημήτριος Κιουσόπουλος) was an important Greek jurist and a politician.	Dimitrios Kiousopoulos	politician
occupation	Srividya launched her career as a child artist in the 1966 Tamil film Thiruvarutchelvar (1966) alongside legendary actor Sivaji Ganesan.	Srividya	actor
occupation	Markos Geneti (born May 30, 1984 in Gute, a small township about 10 km east of Nekemte in Eastern Wollega, the State of Oromia) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who previously competed in track running, but now is a road specialist.	Markos Geneti	long-distance runner
occupation	John Stigall (November 4, 1951 - November 12, 2009) was an American poet, Associate Professor of English, and poet-in-residence at Chattanooga State Technical Community College.	John Stigall	poet
occupation	Vic Chou (Chinese: 周渝民; pinyin: Zhōu Yúmín) is a Taiwanese actor, singer and commercial model.	Vic Chou	actor	singer	model
occupation	Stanisław Błeszyński, (August 13, 1927 -- December 24, 1969) was a Polish entomologist, lepidopterist specializing in Crambidae.	Stanisław Błeszyński	entomologist
occupation	Delores Holmes (July 18, 1946 -- April 16, 2010) was an American soul singer.	Delores Holmes	singer
occupation	Carlo Palazzi (died 2000) was an Italian fashion designer.	Carlo Palazzi	fashion designer
occupation	Zeev Zalevsky (Hebrew: זאב זלבסקי‎) is an Israeli physicist specializing in Optoelectronics.	Zeev Zalevsky	physicist
occupation	Ryan Castro (born January 31, 2005) is an American film and theater actor from Port Washington, New York.	Ryan Castro	actor
occupation	Paul S. Stull (born May 8, 1936) is an American politician and was member of the Maryland House of Delegates.	Paul S. Stull	politician
occupation	Anne Johnson, a British archaeologist and historical researcher, is a specialist in the archaeology of Roman forts of the early empire in Britain and the German Provinces.	Anne Johnson	archaeologist
occupation	Samuel Todes (June 27, 1927 -- October 21, 1994) was an American philosopher who made notable contributions to existentialism, phenomenology, and philosophy of mind.	Samuel Todes	philosopher
occupation	Frank Wieneke (born January 31, 1962 in Hannover) is a German judoka and olympic champion.	Frank Wieneke	judoka
occupation	Shmuel Hayyim (HE: שמואל חיים) (born 1891 - died 1931) also known as Shmuel Eshagh Effendi or Monsieur Hayyim was a Persian Jewish journalist, leader of the jewish community and a Zionist who worked in the Iranian Parliament.	Shmuel Hayyim	journalist
occupation	Hugh Kerr (born 9 July 1944) is a Scottish politician and a former lecturer in social policy at the University of East London.	Hugh Kerr	politician
occupation	Holly Dale (born December 23, 1953) is a Canadian film and television director and film producer.	Holly Dale	film producer
occupation	Asahel Finch, Jr. (February 14, 1809 -- April 4, 1883) was an American politician and lawyer.	Asahel Finch, Jr.	politician	lawyer
occupation	Jesse Benavides (born November 3, 1963 in Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American former professional boxer.	Jesse Benavides	boxer
occupation	Paddy O'Hare was a journalist and Irish nationalist politician.	Paddy O'Hare	politician
occupation	Roberta Fernández is a Tejana novelist, scholar, critic and arts advocate.	Roberta Fernández	novelist
occupation	The Master of Castelsardo was an Italian painter active in Sardinia at the end of the 15th and the beginning of the sixteenth century.	Master of Castelsardo	painter
occupation	Some have theorized that Ann Pudeator's likely occupation as a nurse and midwife, along with her being a woman of property, made her vulnerable to charges of witchcraft.	Ann Pudeator	midwife
occupation	Robert Fischhof (October 31, 1856 -- March 31, 1918) was an Austrian pianist, composer, and professor at the Vienna Music Conservatoire.	Robert Fischhof	composer
occupation	Im Hyun-sik (born December 31, 1945) is a South Korean actor.	Im Hyun-sik	actor
occupation	Very few, however, know that Jaipal Singh was one of the world's finest field hockey player of the period.	Jaipal Singh	field hockey player
occupation	Robert Benecke (January 25, 1835 -- November 3, 1903) was a German-born American photographer, operating primarily out of St. Louis in the latter half of the 19th century.	Robert Benecke	photographer
occupation	Vivian Barbot (born July 7, 1941) is a Canadian teacher, activist, and politician.	Vivian Barbot	politician
occupation	Farnsworth Wright (1888 -- 1940) was the editor of the pulp magazine Weird Tales during the magazine's heyday, editing 179 issues from November 1924-March 1940.	Farnsworth Wright	editor
occupation	Joel Savage (born December 25, 1969 in Surrey, British Columbia) is a retired former professional ice hockey player.	Joel Savage	ice hockey player
occupation	Shmuel Ben-Artzi (Hebrew: שמואל בן ארצי‎; December 31, 1914 -- November 9, 2011) was an Israeli writer, poet and educator.	Shmuel Ben-Artzi	poet
occupation	A. Marten Mendez (1916--1994) was an American badminton player of Mexican descent who won national titles and represented his country internationally in the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Marten Mendez	badminton player
occupation	Austin Abbott, LL.D. (December 18, 1831 -- April 19, 1896) was a lawyer and academic born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Jacob Abbott.	Austin Abbott	lawyer
occupation	Paul Galea is an Australian former rugby league player.	Paul Galea	rugby league player
occupation	Jonathan Little (born December 22, 1984 in Pensacola, Florida) is an American professional poker player who won both the World Poker Tour's Season VI Mirage Poker Showdown and Season VII Foxwoods World Poker Finals and won the WPT Season VI Player of the Year award.	Jonathan Little	poker player
occupation	Andrew McBride (born December 9, 1982) is a Canadian professional box lacrosse player for the Calgary Roughnecks in the National Lacrosse League (NLL) and Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association (WLA).	Andrew McBride	lacrosse player
occupation	Thomas M. Price (March 17, 1916 -- November 6, 1998) is an American architect who has been called ``Galveston's foremost modern architect'' by historian and Rice University faculty member Stephen Fox, an Adjunct Lecturer of the School of Architecture.	Thomas M. Price	architect
occupation	Selma Meerbaum-Eisinger (February 5, 1924 -- December 16, 1942) was a Romanian-born German-language poet.	Selma Meerbaum-Eisinger	poet
occupation	Erastus Wentworth (simplified Chinese: 万为; traditional Chinese: 萬為; Pinyin: Wànwéi; Foochow Romanized: Uâng-ùi; August 5, 1813 - May 26, 1886) was an educator, a Methodist Episcopal minister, and a missionary to Foochow, China.	Erastus Wentworth	minister
occupation	Sigmund Romberg (July 29, 1887 -- November 9, 1951) was an Austro-Hungarian composer who spent most of his adult life in the United States.	Sigmund Romberg	composer
occupation	Thierry Wasser is a contemporary perfumer who as of 2008 was appointed as the in-house perfumer of Guerlain.	Thierry Wasser	perfumer
occupation	Lucas Hoving (September 5, 1912 - January 5, 2000) was a modern dancer, choreographer and teacher most famous for the roles he created as an original member of the José Limón Dance Company.	Lucas Hoving	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Mati Shemoelof (Hebrew: מתי שמואלוף‎, born July 11, 1972), is an Israeli author, poet, editor, journalist and activist.	Mati Shemoelof	journalist
occupation	Steven M. Rosen (born September 6, 1942) is an American philosopher and psychologist, currently based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Steven M. Rosen	philosopher	psychologist
occupation	Henry F. Brauns (October 4, 1845 -- May 7, 1917) was an architect based in Baltimore, Maryland, USA.	Henry F. Brauns	architect
occupation	Ateş Çınar (pronounced (ˈateʃ ˈt͡ʃɯnaɾ); born May 16, 1986 in Izmir, Turkey) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the 470 class.	Ateş Çınar	yacht racer
occupation	Marcel Chandrawinata (born March 29, 1987) is a German Indonesian actor and model best known for his role in film Alexandria co-starring with actress Julie Estelle.	Marcel Chandrawinata	actor
occupation	Jozef Dunajovec (March 23, 1933 -- February 22, 2007) was a Slovakian journalist, essayist and non-fiction author.	Jozef Dunajovec	journalist
occupation	Hansal Mehta is an Indian film director, writer, actor and producer.	Hansal Mehta	film director
occupation	Alex Newport is an English record producer, mixer, songwriter, and engineer, based in Los Angeles.	Alex Newport	record producer	songwriter	engineer
occupation	David Hammons (born 1943) is an American artist especially known for his works in and around New York City and Los Angeles during the 1970s and 1980s.	David Hammons	artist
occupation	Feo Aladag is an Austrian film director, screenwriter, producer, and actor best known for her film When We Leave, which won the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival.	Feo Aladag	film director	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Mirsad Bektić (born February 16, 1991) is a Bosnian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Mirsad Bektić	mixed martial artist
occupation	Ted Hutt is a Grammy Award Winning British music producer, musician, and song writer residing in Los Angeles, CA.	Ted Hutt	musician
occupation	Libero Bovio (June 9, 1883 - May 26, 1942), was a Neapolitan lyricist and dialect poet.	Libero Bovio	poet
occupation	Jack Oakie (November 12, 1903 -- January 23, 1978) was an American actor, starring mostly in films, but also working on stage, radio and television.	Jack Oakie	actor
occupation	Hazel Kaneswaran is an Irish recording artist, singer-songwriter and television personality who has been involved in the Irish music industry since 1996.	Hazel Kaneswaran	singer
occupation	Annamária Kiss (born December 5, 1981 in Dunaújváros) is a Hungarian former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke events.	Annamária Kiss	swimmer
occupation	Omar Badsha is a South African documentary photographer, artist, political and trade union activist and an historian.	Omar Badsha	photographer
occupation	Tilly Grimes is a British costume designer for theatre, opera, and film.	Tilly Grimes	costume designer
occupation	Katrina Parker is a pop singer based in Hollywood, Los Angeles.	Katrina Parker	singer
occupation	Ane Brunvoll is the daughter of lawyer Knut Anker Brunvoll (b. 1945) and jazz singer and pianist Inger Johanne Brunvoll (b. Kvien).	Ane Brun	singer
occupation	Mark Kuhlmann (born 18 August 1969) is a retired German international rugby union player, having played for the DRC Hannover in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.	Mark Kuhlmann	rugby union player
occupation	Hatsuho Matsuzawa (松沢 初穂, October 8, 1914 -- January 1, 2011) was a Japanese swimmer.	Hatsuho Matsuzawa	swimmer
occupation	Ozan Çolakoğlu (Turkish pronunciation: (ozˌan ˈʧolaˌkoːɫu), born 1972 in Adana) is a Turkish composer, songwriter and music producer; famous for his work with pop idol Tarkan and his various film scores.	Ozan Çolakoğlu	composer	songwriter
occupation	Thomas William Oscar Judd (February 14, 1908 -- December 27, 1995) was a Canadian professional baseball player.	Oscar Judd	baseball player
occupation	Clayton Hill (May 7, 1931 -- July 26, 2009) was an American actor who appeared in many films, but was best known for his role as the ``sweater zombie'' in the 1978 horror film Dawn of the Dead by director George A. Romero.	Clayton Hill	actor
occupation	Shannon Lee Dawdy is an American historian, archeologist and anthropologist.	Shannon Lee Dawdy	anthropologist
occupation	Valerie Martin (born 1948, Missouri) is an American novelist and short story writer.	Valerie Martin	novelist
occupation	Michael Banducci is an American professional poker player who won a 2008 World Series of Poker bracelet event.	Michael Banducci	poker player
occupation	Johannes Bergion is a Swedish cellist, songwriter and backing vocalist, most known for being one of the founding members of avant-garde metal band Diablo Swing Orchestra.	Johannes Bergion	songwriter
occupation	Þórir Georg Jónsson better known by his pseudonym My Summer As A Salvation Soldier is an Icelandic singer-songwriter, also known by the mononym Þórir.	My Summer As A Salvation Soldier	singer
occupation	Cary Guffey (born May 10, 1972) is a former American child actor.	Cary Guffey	actor
occupation	Clopton Havers (24 Feb 1657 (Stambourne, Essex) - Apr 1702) was an English physician who did pioneering research on the microstructure of bone.	Clopton Havers	physician
occupation	Tan Soo Seng, better known as Chen Shucheng, (Chinese: 陈澍城, born October 21, 1949) is a Singaporean actor.	Chen Shucheng	actor
occupation	George Graquitena (born Jorge Graquitena, May 23, 1966), is a vocalist, drummer and bassist, known for his participation in many south Florida punk and alternative rock bands from the 1980s through today.	George Graquitena	drummer
occupation	Francesco Levato is a poet, a translator of Italian poetry, and an experimental filmmaker.	Francesco Levato	translator
occupation	Michael Schraa (born April 17, 1961) is an American businessman and politician.	Michael Schraa	politician
occupation	Mary Martha Pearson (née Dutton) (1798 --1871) was an English portrait painter.	Mary Martha Pearson	painter
occupation	Peter Ford, better known as Baby Ford, is a British electronic music record producer, known particularly for his contributions to the birth of acid house.	Baby Ford	record producer
occupation	Katherine Regalado (born March 11, 1998 in Lima) is a Peruvian volleyball player, who plays as a opposite.	Katherine Regalado	volleyball player
occupation	Sarah A. Lundy (born August 26, 1954) is an American Thoroughbred horse trainer.	Sarah A. Lundy	horse trainer
occupation	Stuart Getz (also known as Stuart Goetz or Stuart Götz) (May 27, 1953 - ) is an American-born actor.	Stuart Getz	actor
occupation	Franz de Paula Triesnecker (April 2, 1745 -- January 29, 1817) was an Austrian Jesuit astronomer.	Franz de Paula Triesnecker	astronomer
occupation	Thomas Lilbourne Anderson (December 8, 1808 -- March 6, 1885) was a practicing lawyer who served in the United States House of Representatives from Missouri.	Thomas Lilbourne Anderson	lawyer
occupation	Irving Kolodin (February 21, 1908 -- April 29, 1988) was an American music critic and music historian.	Irving Kolodin	music critic	music historian
occupation	Harriet Russell Hart was an American politician who served on the Lynn, Massachusetts School Committee and the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	Harriet Russell Hart	politician
occupation	Milo Kendall was a successful lawyer and businessman in Princeton, Illinois, born in 1819 in Vermont.	Milo Kendall	lawyer
occupation	Johnny Eck, (born John Eckhardt, Jr. , August 27, 1911 -- January 5, 1991) was an American freak show performer in side show and film actor born with the appearance that he was missing the lower half of his torso.	Johnny Eck	actor
occupation	Victor Iamandi (1891, Hodora, Iaşi - November 26--27, 1940) was a Romanian politician and activist.	Victor Iamandi	politician
occupation	Paul David Wilson (born August 30, 1952) is a songwriter, composer, conductor, and music producer.	Paul David Wilson	composer
occupation	Sergej Ćetković (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Сергеј Ћетковић, pronounced (sěrɡeːj tɕêtkoʋitɕ), born March 8, 1976) is a Montenegrin singer.	Sergej Ćetković	singer
occupation	Hiroyuki Takaya (Japanese: 高谷裕之, Takaya Hiroyuki, born June 10, 1977) is a Japanese mixed martial artist currently competing in the Featherweight division.	Hiroyuki Takaya	mixed martial artist
occupation	Kate O'Hearn is a Canadian children's fantasy writer, best known for the Pegasus series.	Kate O'Hearn	writer
occupation	Harvey Keitel (/kaɪˈtɛl/ ky-TEL; born May 13, 1939) is an American actor and producer.	Harvey Keitel	actor
occupation	Edu da Gaita (lit. Edu of the Harmonica, born Eduardo Nadruz in Jaguarão on October 13, 1916 - Rio de Janeiro on August 23, 1982) was a Brazilian composer and harmonica player.	Edu da Gaita	composer
occupation	Brenda Schad (born April 3, 1968) is a former American model.	Brenda Schad	model
occupation	Baruch Agadati (Hebrew: ברוך אגדתי‎, also Baruch Kaushansky-Agadati; January 8, 1895 -- January 18, 1976) was a Russian Empire-born Israeli classical ballet dancer, choreographer, painter, and film producer and director.	Baruch Agadati	dancer	choreographer	painter
occupation	Orlando Rinaldi Campbell (born April 25, 1988), better known by the stage name Roach Gigz or Roach, is an American rapper and hyphy hip hop artist from the San Francisco Bay Area.	Roach Gigz	rapper
occupation	Norman Petty (May 25, 1927 -- August 15, 1984) was an American musician and record producer who is mostly known for his association with Buddy Holly and the Crickets, who recorded in his studio.	Norman Petty	record producer
occupation	Cara Lockwood is an American novelist and the bestselling author of nine novels from Mesquite, Texas.	Cara Lockwood	novelist
occupation	Hans Blum (born May 28, 1928), more widely known as ``Henry Valentino'', is a German singer-songwriter.	Henry Valentino	songwriter
occupation	Carl Jacob Bender was missionary pioneer to Cameroon.	Carl Jacob Bender	missionary
occupation	Chuchart Trairatanapradit, popularly known as Tai Pichit (born 10 January 1963) is a Thai former professional snooker player.	Tai Pichit	snooker player
occupation	Woody Lee (born April 1, 1968 in Garland, Texas) is an American country music singer and songwriter.	Woody Lee	singer
occupation	Rex Salas (born March 16) is a Grammy and Emmy Award nominated American record producer, songwriter, musical director, and music arranger.	Rex Salas	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Jonatha Brooke (born January 23, 1964) is an American folk rock singer-songwriter and guitarist from Massachusetts.	Jonatha Brooke	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Elizabeth R. Varon is an American historian, and Langbourne M. Williams Professor of American History at the University of Virginia.	Elizabeth R. Varon	historian
occupation	Ali Imran Ramz is a Forward Bloc politician and the youngest member of the West Bengal assembly elected in 2011.	Ali Imran Ramz	politician
occupation	René Matte (born February 11, 1935 in Saint-Casimir, Quebec) was a Canadian politician and a Member of the House of Commons.	René Matte	politician
occupation	Ljerko Spiller (July 22, 1908 -- November 9, 2008) was a famous Croat and Argentine violinist.	Ljerko Spiller	violinist
occupation	Thavisouk Phrasavath is a New York-based Lao-American film director/editor, writer and visual artist.	Thavisouk Phrasavath	film director
occupation	David Minasian is an American film producer, screenwriter, director, and a musician, singer and songwriter.	David Minasian	songwriter
occupation	John G. Breslin was a Democratic politician from the U.S. State of Ohio.	John G. Breslin	politician
occupation	Rocky Roberts (born Charles Roberts) was an American-born Italian singer.	Rocky Roberts	singer
occupation	Max Reinhardt (September 9, 1873 -- October 30, 1943) was an Austrian-born American theatre and film director, intendant, and theatrical producer.	Max Reinhardt	film director
occupation	Patti Reid is an English folk singer from Penrith, Cumbria, England.	Patti Reid	singer
occupation	Rob Letterman is an American film director who started with animation and moved on to live-action.	Rob Letterman	film director
occupation	Anthony R. Dolan (born in Norwalk, Connecticut, July 7, 1948) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and was the principal speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan from March 1981 until the end of Reagan's second term in 1989.	Anthony R. Dolan	journalist
occupation	Jussi V. Koivisto is a Finnish born economist and educator, who has also been active in business life.	Jussi V. Koivisto	economist
occupation	Clotilde Mela Rosa Luciano, better known as Rosita Melo (July 9, 1897 -- August 12, 1981), was an Argentine-Uruguayan pianist, composer and poet.	Rosita Melo	composer
occupation	Bobby Mair is a Canadian stand-up comedian based in London, who has appeared on The Hour, Russell Howard's Good News, Sweat the Small Stuff, Virtually Famous, Never Mind the Buzzcocks and 8 Out of 10 Cats.	Bobby Mair	comedian
occupation	Marjorie Sykes (1905-1995) was a British educator who went to live in India in the 1920s and joined the Indian independence movement, spending most of the remainder of her life in India.	Marjorie Sykes	educator
occupation	Miguel del Valle (born July 24, 1951) is an American politician and the former City Clerk of Chicago.	Miguel del Valle	politician
occupation	Pêro Dias (15th century) was a Portuguese explorer of the African coast.	Pêro Dias	explorer
occupation	Walter Douglas Boyd, M.D. is a notable Canadian cardiothoracic surgeon.	Walter Douglas Boyd	surgeon
occupation	Henry Knollys (died 1583), was an English politician and diplomat.	Henry Knollys (died 1583)	politician	diplomat
occupation	Gene Rodemich began his musical career in and near his home town as a pianist, later becoming conductor of a dance orchestra.	Gene Rodemich	conductor
occupation	Petra Burka (born November 17, 1946) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater and now coach.	Petra Burka	figure skater
occupation	Yevgeniy Natsvin (born September 23, 1985) is a freestyle swimmer from Russia, who won a silver in the men's 4×100 metres freestyle relay event at the 2004 European Championships in Madrid, Spain.	Yevgeniy Natsvin	swimmer
occupation	Didier Opertti Badán (born 1937) is a Uruguayan political figure and lawyer.	Didier Opertti	lawyer
occupation	Günther Hummelt (July 21, 1931 -- July 3, 2010) was an Austrian curler and curling coach who contributed greatly to the development of the sport of curling.	Günther Hummelt	curler
occupation	Ed Trotta is an actor, director and voice actor who is most known for doing voice-over work for Blizzard including filling the role of Tyrael in Diablo II and Diablo II:	Ed Trotta	actor
occupation	Annie-B Parson is an American choreographer, dancer, and director based in Brooklyn, New York.	Annie-B Parson	choreographer
occupation	Andrea Serna is a famous Colombian model, TVe presenter (RCN TV News), reporter, TV show hostess, radio DJ and TV producer.	Andrea Serna	presenter
occupation	Christian Chelman is a Belgian magician born in 1957.	Christian Chelman	magician
occupation	Carolyn J. Krysiak (born August 9, 1939) is an American politician who represented the 46th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates.	Carolyn J. Krysiak	politician
occupation	Philip Jamison is an artist working primarily with watercolour as a medium.	Philip Jamison	artist
occupation	Edan Lepucki is an American novelist notable for her debut novel, California, which rose to prominence as a result of a public dispute between comedian Stephen Colbert and online publisher Amazon.	Edan Lepucki	novelist
occupation	Edie McClurg (born July 23, 1951) is an American stand-up comedienne, actress, singer, voice actress, and comedienne, best known for her perky North Central dialect (or Upper Midwest accent), common to persons from Middle America.	Edie McClurg	singer
occupation	Dianne Buckner is a Canadian television journalist, best known as a host of business-oriented programming, such as Venture and Dragons' Den, on CBC Television and CBC News Network.	Dianne Buckner	journalist
occupation	Richard Backus has been a screenwriter since as early as 1989.	Richard Backus	screenwriter
occupation	Gloria Negrete McLeod (born September 6, 1941) is an American politician who was the United States Representative for California's 35th congressional district from 2013-2015.	Gloria Negrete McLeod	politician
occupation	On May 24, 2008, Sokoudjou rebounded from his loss by defeating Japanese judoka Kazuhiro Nakamura via TKO at UFC 84 in the first round, after Nakamura hurt his leg.	Sokoudjou	judoka
occupation	Reuben Duran (born July 2, 1983) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Flyweight division of King of the Cage, where he is the current Interim Flyweight Champion.	Reuben Duran	mixed martial artist
occupation	Swedish politician and musician Roland Utbult was born on the 24th of May in 1951.	Roland Utbult	politician
occupation	Rex Norman (1891--1961) was an Australian rugby league footballer and cricketer, who represented Australasia in rugby league and New South Wales in both sports.	Rex Norman	cricketer
occupation	James H. Cromartie is an internationally renowned American artist credited with the birth of Hard-Edge Realism, a style by turns both redolent of and a departure from the Magic Realism pioneered by Andrew Wyeth.	James H. Cromartie	artist
occupation	Hélène Marie Antigna (née Hélène-Marie Pettit; born at Melun), was a French painter.	Hélène Marie Antigna	painter
occupation	Jacob Weil, later known as Mahariv (Hebrew: יעקב בן יהודה ווייל) was a German rabbi and Talmudist who flourished during the first half of the fifteenth century.	Jacob Weil	rabbi
occupation	Manuel Rafael Huerta Ladrón de Guevara (born 12 July 1960) is a Mexican politician and lawyer affiliated to the PT. He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.	Manuel Rafael Huerta	politician
occupation	Vasilis Karras (Greek: Βασίλης Καρράς; born Vasilis Kesoglidis on November 27, 1953) is a Greek folk singer, in 2010 he celebrated his 30th year as a recording artist.	Vasilis Karras	singer
occupation	As a jazz musician, he has performed with his own groups, the Page Hamilton Quintet and the Jazz Wannabes, and with fellow guitarist and mentor John Stowell.	Page Hamilton	jazz musician
occupation	Gabriel Sunday (born October 18, 1985) is an American actor, best known for portraying Archibald Holden Buster Williams in the teen comedy-drama film Archie's Final Project.	Gabriel Sunday	actor
occupation	José ``Pepe'' Hernández Bethencourt (June 6, 1927 - February 28, 2009), better known as Pepe Hern, was an American actor who played supporting roles, usually Spanish and Latins (Mexican basically), throughout his career.	Pepe Hern	actor
occupation	Shankar Lamichhane (Nepali: शङ्कर लामिछाने) was a Nepalese writer who introduced stream-of-consciousness into Nepalese literature.	Shankar Lamichhane	writer
occupation	Kamaladdin Heydarov Fattah oglu (Azerbaijani: Kəmaləddin Heydərov Fəttah oğlu; born July 15, 1961) is an Azerbaijani composer and politician serving as the Minister of Emergency Situations.	Kamaladdin Heydarov	composer	politician
occupation	James Allen McCune is an American actor born in Atlanta, Georgia to Charlotte and Loren McCune.	James Allen McCune	actor
occupation	Jacqueline West is a costume designer whose work has been recognized in numerous films such as The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Quills, State of Play, The Tree of Life, Seventh Son, and The Revenant.	Jacqueline West	costume designer
occupation	Roger Limb is a British composer, specialising in electronic music.	Roger Limb	composer
occupation	Dominik Kubalík (born August 21, 1995) is a Czech ice hockey player.	Dominik Kubalík	ice hockey player
occupation	Melhem Barakat (Arabic:ملحم بركات), also known as Melhim Barakat, is a Lebanese Christian singer, songwriter, and melodist.	Melhem Barakat	singer
occupation	When a version appeared in her collection America the Beautiful, and Other Poems (1912), a reviewer in the New York Times wrote: ``we intend no derogation to Miss Katharine Lee Bates when we say that she is a good minor poet.''	Katharine Lee Bates	poet
occupation	Bengt Erland Fogelberg (also Benedict Fogelberg), (August 8, 1786 - December 22, 1854) was a Swedish sculptor.	Bengt Erland Fogelberg	sculptor
occupation	Jaggesh is an Indian actor, politician and a director who has predominantly worked in Kannada film industry and is best known for the comedy roles he portrays in his movies.	Jaggesh	actor
occupation	Ulf Kristiansen (born March 311, 1969) is a Norwegian painter and video-artist.	Ulf Kristiansen	painter
occupation	John Englehart or Joseph John Englehart (1867--1915), was a prolific American landscape painter who worked under a number of pseudonyms.	John Englehart	painter
occupation	Harry Leader (March 10, 1880 - May 9, 1946) was a Canadian politician, farmer and cattle breeder.	Harry Leader	politician
occupation	Vineet Verma (born November 25, 1982 in Aurangabad, State of Maharashtra, India) is a film director, screenwriter, producer, editor, 2D and 3D animator, and storyboard artist.	Vineet Verma	film director
occupation	Iwan Edwards, CM (born October 5, 1937), is a celebrated Canadian choral conductor.	Iwan Edwards	conductor
occupation	Andrew James Estrella Arellano (born January 16, 1980), better known as Drew Arellano, is an American actor and host.	Drew Arellano	actor
occupation	Luis Marden (born Annibale Luigi Paragallo) (January 25, 1913 -- March 3, 2003) was an American photographer, explorer, writer, filmmaker, diver, navigator, and linguist who worked for National Geographic Magazine.	Luis Marden	photographer	explorer
occupation	Archie Talley (born c. 1953) is an American basketball player and motivational speaker.	Archie Talley	basketball player
occupation	William Stewart Halsted, M.D. (September 23, 1852 -- September 7, 1922) was an American surgeon who emphasized strict aseptic technique during surgical procedures, was an early champion of newly discovered anesthetics, and introduced several new operations, including the radical mastectomy for breast cancer.	William Stewart Halsted	surgeon
occupation	Ella Sterling Mighels (May 5, 1853 -- December 10, 1934) (née: Ella Sterling Clark; during first marriage: Ella Sterling Cummins; pen name: Aurora Esmeralda) was a California pioneer, author and literary historian.	Ella Sterling Mighels	literary historian
occupation	Stephen Cepello (born June 29, 1949) is an American artist and a former professional wrestler.	Stephen Cepello	artist
occupation	Lafif Lakhdar (also written ``Al-Afif Al-Akhdar'' or ``Afif Lakhdar'') was a French-Tunisian writer and journalist.	Lafif Lakhdar	journalist
occupation	Meredith McCoy Mauldin is an American actress, singer, and voice actress who has worked for Funimation.	Meredith McCoy	singer
occupation	Nicolae Bănescu (born December 16, 1878, Călărași - d. September 11, 1971, Bucharest) was a Romanian historian, member of the Romanian Academy.	Nicolae Bănescu	historian
occupation	Khalil Joreige (Arabic: خليل جريج‎) is a Lebanese film director, screenwriter and producer.	Khalil Joreige	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Julius Margolin (Russian: Юлий (Юлиус) Борисович Марголин, October 14, 1900 -- January 21, 1971) was a Litvak writer and political activist, and author of the book A Travel to the Land Ze-Ka (Путешествие в страну Зэ-Ка).	Julius Margolin	writer
occupation	Mallobaudes or Mellobaudes was a 4th-century Frankish king who also held the Roman title of comes domesticorum.	Mallobaudes	king
occupation	Nynke Klopstra (born April 5, 1973 in Giekerk, Friesland) is a former Dutch judoka.	Nynke Klopstra	judoka
occupation	Mercedes Negrón Muñoz a.k.a. ``Clara Lair'' (March 8, 1895 -- August 26, 1973), was a poet whose work dealt with the everyday struggles of the common Puerto Rican.	Mercedes Negrón Muñoz	poet
occupation	Guy Wildenstein (born December 19, 1945) is a French businessman, art dealer and racehorse owner and breeder.	Guy Wildenstein	art dealer
occupation	Sahibdin (fl. 17th century) was an Indian miniature painter of the Mewar school of Rajasthan painting.	Sahibdin	painter
occupation	Michel Blavet (March 13, 1700 -- October 28, 1768) was a French composer and flute virtuoso.	Michel Blavet	composer
occupation	David Puente is an award-winning TV, print and digital journalist and producer.	David Puente	journalist
occupation	R. Slater (dates unknown) was an English cricketer active in 1865 who played for Lancashire.	R. Slater	cricketer
occupation	Miguel Ángel Deniz Mendez (born November 17, 1982 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands) is a B1/S11 swimmer from Spain.	Miguel Ángel Deniz Mendez	swimmer
occupation	Robert Martin Klein (also known as R. Martin Klein) is a voice actor who went under the alias name Bob Marx in his earlier dubbing work during the 90's.	R. Martin Klein	voice actor
occupation	Mel Edwards (born 1937) is an American sculptor, based in New York City.	Mel Edwards	sculptor
occupation	Cortez Coleman (born January 28, 1982) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's welterweight division.	Cortez Coleman	mixed martial artist
occupation	Park Chul-soo (November 20, 1948 -- February 19, 2013) was a South Korean film director, producer, screenwriter and occasional actor.	Park Chul-soo	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ruth Seid (July 1, 1913 -- April 4, 1995), was an American novelist who wrote under the pen name Jo Sinclair.	Jo Sinclair	novelist
occupation	Reinhold Durnthaler (Sometimes spelled as Reinhold Dumthaler) (born November 29, 1942) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the 1960s.	Reinhold Durnthaler	bobsledder
occupation	Beth Fowler (born November 1, 1940) is an American actress and singer, best known for her performances on Broadway.	Beth Fowler	singer
occupation	Claude Cormier (born June 22, 1960) is a landscape architect from Quebec.	Claude Cormier	architect
occupation	Bravig Imbs was an American novelist and poet.	Bravig Imbs	novelist
occupation	Emma Burgess (born Brandi Emma) is an American singer-songwriter who released her first album Swim, produced by Rusty Anderson and Ofer Moses, in 2007 on Love Yourself Records.	Emma Burgess	singer-songwriter
occupation	Francesco Bendusi (died c. 1553) was an Italian composer of the 16th century.	Francesco Bendusi	composer
occupation	John Thomas Barber Beaumont (1774--1841) was a British army officer, painter, author, and philanthropist.	John Thomas Barber Beaumont	painter
occupation	Kevin Dorff (born August 2, 1966) is an American actor and comedian known for his work as a writer and sketch performer on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien.	Kevin Dorff	actor
occupation	Julian Firth is an English actor, best known for his roles as troubled inmate Davis in the cinematic version of the film Scum and as Brother Jerome in the long-running television series Cadfael.	Julian Firth	actor
occupation	Highsmith introduced Tom Ripley in The Talented Mr. Ripley (1955) as a young man making a meager living as a con artist.	Tom Ripley	con artist
occupation	Ted Wilde (December 16, 1889 - December 17, 1929) was a comedy writer and director during the era of silent movies, though he also directed two talkies released in 1930.	Ted Wilde	writer
occupation	Chosen Effect also known by the name T-Effect, is an American singer, rapper, songwriter, record producer, musician, DJ, dancer and actor.	Chosen Effect	singer	rapper	songwriter	record producer	actor
occupation	Red Lane, born Hollis Rudolph DeLaughter with surname pronounced Dee-LAW-ter (February 9, 1939 -- July 1, 2015), was an American singer/songwriter.	Red Lane	singer
occupation	Philip Kim is a condensed matter physicist known for study of quantum transport in carbon nanotubes and graphene, including observations of quantum Hall effects in graphene.	Philip Kim	physicist
occupation	Leo Wolman (February 24, 1890 -- October 2, 1961) was a noted American economist whose work focused on labor economics.	Leo Wolman	economist
occupation	Irena Kohont is Slovenian singer, especially well known in late 1960s and early 1970s.	Irena Kohont	singer
occupation	Elizabeth Drew Stoddard, née Barstow (May 6, 1823 -- August 1, 1902), was a United States poet and novelist	Elizabeth Drew Stoddard	poet	novelist
occupation	Ivan Domaratsky (Ukrainian: Іван Домарацький; second half of the 17th century -- first half of the 18th century) was a Ukrainian composer, author of partsong concertos and Liturgies.	Ivan Domaratsky	composer
occupation	Miguel Ángel Landa (born November 4, 1936) is a Venezuelan actor, stand-up comedian, and television personality best known for hosting the sketch comedy show, Bienvenidos.	Miguel Ángel Landa	actor
occupation	Jesse Dylan (born January 6, 1966) is an American film director, and the founder, CEO and creative director of the media production company Wondros.	Jesse Dylan	film director
occupation	Eileen Hsieh (繁體: 謝雅琳, 简体:谢雅琳) is a bilingual journalist and blogger based in London, and the former host of CNN's weekly Chinese news program which ran from 2009-2011.	Eileen Hsieh	journalist
occupation	Simone Borrelli (born November 5, 1985) is an Italian actor, director, singer, songwriter and musician.	Simone Borrelli	actor
occupation	Manuel Corchado y Juarbe (September 12, 1840 -- November 30, 1884) was a Puerto Rican poet, journalist and politician who defended the abolition of slavery and the establishment of a University in Puerto Rico.	Manuel Corchado y Juarbe	journalist
occupation	Rod Bernard (born August 12, 1940) is an American singer who helped to pioneer the musical genre known as ``swamp pop'', which combined New Orleans-style rhythm and blues, country and western, and Cajun and black Creole music.	Rod Bernard	singer
occupation	Devaraj (Kannada: ದೇವರಾಜ್) is an Indian actor and theatre actor who works in South Indian film industries.	Devaraj	actor
occupation	Helen Gahagan Douglas (November 25, 1900 -- June 28, 1980) was an American actress and politician.	Helen Gahagan Douglas	politician
occupation	William Reuben Thomas (May 24, 1866 - September 10, 1943) was a politician and businessman from Gainesville, Florida.	William Reuben Thomas	politician
occupation	Huang Hua (Chinese: 黄华; pinyin: Huáng Huá; January 25, 1913 -- November 24, 2010) was a senior Communist Chinese revolutionary, politician, and diplomat.	Huang Hua	politician	diplomat
occupation	Danny Javier is a Filipino composer and singer and now recently as a TV actor.	Danny Javier	singer
occupation	Ray McManus is an American poet with three award-winning poetry collections.	Ray McManus	poet
occupation	McRonald Kamaka (March 9, 1937 -- July 23, 2007) was an American/Canadian professional wrestler known by the ring name Tor Kamata.	Tor Kamata	professional wrestler
occupation	Frank Schaeffer (born August 3, 1952) is an American author, film director, screenwriter, public speaker and painter.	Frank Schaeffer	author	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Kathleen Elle (born Kathleen Elizabeth) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist, based in New Jersey.	Kathleen Elle	singer
occupation	Connie Myers (born November 14, 1944) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1996 to 2006, where she represented the 23rd legislative district.	Connie Myers	politician
occupation	Donald John Lewis (25 January 1926 -- 25 February 2015), better known as D.J. Lewis, was an American mathematician specializing in number theory.	Donald John Lewis	mathematician
occupation	Pedro Albizu Campos (September 12, 1891 -- April 21, 1965) was a Puerto Rican attorney and politician, and the leading figure in the Puerto Rican independence movement.	Pedro Albizu Campos	politician
occupation	Semi Ravouvou Ravouvou (born (date unknown) at Saunaka, Nadi; died circa 1967 at Saunaka, Nadi) was a Fijian cricketer.	Semi Ravouvou	cricketer
occupation	Seán O'Meara is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Offaly senior team.	Seán O'Meara	hurler
occupation	Ihar Hermianchuk (other spellings: Hermyanchuk, Hiermianchuk; Ігар Гермянчук in Belarusian; January 1, 1961 -- April 29, 2002) was a famous Belarusian journalist and political activist.	Ihar Hermianchuk	journalist
occupation	Jin Bora is a professional musician despite her young age.	Jin Bora	musician
occupation	Itzhak Perlman (Hebrew: יצחק פרלמן‎; born August 31, 1945) is an Israeli-American violinist, conductor, and pedagogue.	Itzhak Perlman	conductor
occupation	Jamal Salameh (جمال سلامة ; Alexandria, 5 October 1945) is an Egyptian songwriter.	Jamal Salameh	songwriter
occupation	Richard G. Ditlevsen, Jr. is an American stunt performer.	Richard G. Ditlevsen, Jr	stunt performer
occupation	Hady Mirza (Malay: حدي ميرزا; born 28 January 1980) is a Singaporean singer.	Hady Mirza	singer
occupation	Samuel Church (born Salisbury, Connecticut, February 4, 1785; died September 13, 1854) was a lawyer, politician, and Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court.	Samuel Church	lawyer	politician
occupation	Abba Siddick is a Muslim Chadian politician and revolutionary born in what was the Oubangui-Chari French colony (today Central African Republic).	Abba Siddick	politician
occupation	Gilbert Armitage was a British lawyer, critic and journalist who was associated with Percy Wyndham Lewis.	Gilbert Armitage	journalist
occupation	Lee Duffield was a journalist with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) for 22 years, in radio and television news.	Lee Duffield	journalist
occupation	Gene Chandler (born Eugene Dixon, July 6, 1937) nicknamed ``The Duke of Earl'' or simply ``The Duke'', is an African-American singer, songwriter, music producer and executive.	Gene Chandler	songwriter
occupation	Liao Liou-yi (Chinese: 廖了以; pinyin: Liào Liǎoyǐ) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Liao Liou-yi	politician
occupation	Jack Tuszyński (born 1956) is a Polish professor of oncology and physicist.	Jack Tuszyński	physicist
occupation	Joshua John Miller (born December 26, 1974) is an American actor, screenwriter, author, and director.	Joshua John Miller	actor
occupation	Bob McAllister (June 2, 1935 -- July 21, 1998) was an American television personality, magician and children's entertainer and a host of Wonderama.	Bob McAllister	magician
occupation	Berik Kupeshov (Kazakh: Берік Көпешов; born January 30, 1987) is a Kazakhstani road bicycle racer who formerly rode for UCI ProTeam Astana.	Berik Kupeshov	bicycle racer
occupation	Tutu Jones (born September 9, 1966) is an American electric blues and soul blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Tutu Jones	singer
occupation	Professor Albert G. Hill, a physicist, was a key leader in the development of radar in WWII, director of the MIT Lincoln Laboratory development of the electronic Distant Early Warning and SAGE continental air defense systems, and first chairman of The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory.	Albert G. Hill	physicist
occupation	Grifo di Tancredi (active 1271 - 1312) was an Italian painter, likely born in Florence.	Grifo di Tancredi	painter
occupation	Mae Beavers (born December 11, 1947 in Millport, Alabama) is a Tennessee Republican politician and a member of the Tennessee Senate for the 17th district, which is composed of Cannon, Clay, DeKalb, Macon, Smith, and Wilson counties.	Mae Beavers	politician
occupation	James Rowland Angell (/ˈeɪndʒəl/; May 8, 1869 -- March 4, 1949) was an American psychologist and educator.	James Rowland Angell	psychologist
occupation	Min Tein was a Burmese diplomat and the ambassador of Myanmar to Russia from 2006 to 2008.	Min Tein	diplomat
occupation	Logan Richardson (born July 29, 1980, in Kansas City, Missouri) is an alto saxophonist, composer, & bandleader currently living in both New York City, and Paris, France.	Logan Richardson	saxophonist	composer	bandleader
occupation	Zina Pitcher (April 12, 1797 in Sandy Hill, New York -- April 5, 1872 in Detroit) was an American physician, politician, educator, and academic administrator.	Zina Pitcher	politician
occupation	Yu Ming-shi (Chinese: 尤明錫; pinyin: Yóu Míngxī) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Yu Ming-shi	politician
occupation	Thomas Jefferson Boynton (August 31, 1838 -- May 2, 1871) was an American lawyer, journalist, and judge.	Thomas Jefferson Boynton	lawyer	judge
occupation	Zoë Mozert (April 27, 1907 -- February 1, 1993), born Alice Adelaide Moser, was an American illustrator.	Zoë Mozert	illustrator
occupation	Charles E. Hartge (September 1, 1865-October 25, 1918) was an American architect who was born in Hamburg, Germany as Carl Emil Hartge and who worked largely in North Carolina.	Charles E. Hartge	architect
occupation	Michael Stanley (born March 25, 1948 as Michael Stanley Gee in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and radio personality.	Michael Stanley	singer-songwriter
occupation	Forrest Bess (October 5, 1911 -- November 10, 1977) was an American painter and eccentric visionary.	Forrest Bess	painter
occupation	Charles Brockden Brown (January 17, 1771 -- February 22, 1810), an American novelist, historian, and editor of the Early National period, is generally regarded by scholars as the most important American novelist before James Fenimore Cooper.	Charles Brockden Brown	novelist
occupation	Claire Horrent was a French freestyle swimmer.	Claire Horrent	swimmer
occupation	Sachin Bhatt (born in St. Louis, Missouri, USA) is an American theatre, film and television actor of Indian descent.	Sachin Bhatt	actor
occupation	Eleanor Norcross, born Ella Augusta Norcross (1854 -- 1923), was an American painter who studied under William Merritt Chase and Alfred Stevens.	Eleanor Norcross	painter
occupation	Anni Hammergaard Hansen (born Jørgensen) is a former Danish badminton player.	Anni Hammergaard Hansen	badminton player
occupation	Eileen Clegg is an American visual journalist and founder of Visual Insight.	Eileen Clegg	journalist
occupation	William Stetson Kennedy (October 5, 1916 -- August 27, 2011) was an American author and human rights activist.	Stetson Kennedy	human rights activist
occupation	Rachel Rockwell is an American theater director, choreographer and performer.	Rachel Rockwell	choreographer
occupation	Betty Shamieh is an American playwright, author, screenwriter, and actor of Palestinian descent.	Betty Shamieh	screenwriter	actor
occupation	Lee Castle (February 28, 1915 - November 16, 1990) was an American jazz trumpeter and bandleader.	Lee Castle	bandleader
occupation	Gheorghe Zamfir (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe zamˈfir); born April 6, 1941) is a Romanian pan flute musician.	Gheorghe Zamfir	musician
occupation	Morris Grant (May 11, 1845 - May 23, 1915), was an African American boxer who claimed the status of being the World Colored Heavyweight Champ and was the second boxer recognized as such.	Morris Grant	boxer
occupation	Don Busath is a Latter-day Saints photographer who specialised in portraiture.	Don Busath	photographer
occupation	Stefano da Verona (or da Zevio; c. 1379 -- c. 1438) was an Italian painter who was active in Verona.	Stefano da Verona	painter
occupation	Vladimir Minashkin (also Minachkin, Russian: Владимир Иванович Минашкин; 1928--2000) was a Russian breaststroke swimmer.	Vladimir Minashkin	swimmer
occupation	John Storm Roberts (February 24, 1936 -- November 29, 2009) was a British-born, U.S.-based ethnomusicologist, writer and record producer.	John Storm Roberts	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Philip Lasser (born August 4, 1963) is an American composer, pianist, and music theorist.	Philip Lasser	composer
occupation	Master of Pedret is the name given by historians to a Romanesque fresco painter active in Catalonia in the early twelfth century.	Master of Pedret	painter
occupation	Moses J. Wentworth was an American lawyer and politician from Chicago, Illinois who served as a member of the 29th Illinois General Assembly, in the Illinois House of Representatives, from the 1st district.	Moses J. Wentworth	lawyer	politician
occupation	Leta Lindley (born June 1, 1972) is an American professional golfer who captured her first LPGA Tour title after 15 years on tour at the 2008 LPGA Corning Classic.	Leta Lindley	golfer
occupation	Anthony George (January 29, 1921 -- March 16, 2005) was an American actor mostly seen on television.	Anthony George	actor
occupation	John Wilcockson is a British sports journalist and author who has covered professional cycling for over 40 years, reporting on major cycling events for NPR and the BBC World Service, and publishing articles in The New York Times, Outside, Men's Journal and The Times, among others.	John Wilcockson	journalist
occupation	Ray Condo (May 16, 1950 -- April 15, 2004), born Ray Tremblay, was a Canadian rockabilly singer, saxophonist, and guitarist.	Ray Condo	singer	saxophonist
occupation	Thomas James ``Tommy'' Laughlin (born February 13, 1971), best known by his ring name Tommy Dreamer, is an American professional wrestler, promoter, and actor.	Tommy Dreamer	professional wrestler
occupation	Louis Brassin (24 June 1840 -- 17 May 1884) was a Belgian pianist, composer and music educator.	Louis Brassin	pianist	composer	music educator
occupation	Gene Kan (September 6, 1976 -- June 29, 2002) was a British-born Chinese American peer-to-peer file-sharing programmer who was among the first programmers to produce an open-source version of the file-sharing application that implemented the Gnutella protocol.	Gene Kan	programmer
occupation	Arnold Eric Sevareid (November 26, 1912 -- July 9, 1992) was a CBS news journalist from 1939 to 1977.	Eric Sevareid	journalist
occupation	Cláudio Abramo (April 6, 1923 in São Paulo -- August 14, 1987 in São Paulo) was a Brazilian journalist and author.	Cláudio Abramo	journalist
occupation	Antonio de Saliba, also Antonello de Saliba, (c.1466-c.1535) was an Italian painter.	Antonio de Saliba	painter
occupation	Angel Clivillés is the stage name used by Louise Angel Sabater, a Latina dance music singer of Puerto Rican descent.	Angel Clivillés	singer
occupation	Cormac Antram (May 18, 1926 -- October 1, 2013), born James Antram and known as Father Cormac, was a Catholic priest and member of the Franciscan order who became known for his work on the Navajo Nation and with the Navajo language.	Cormac Antram	Catholic priest
occupation	Nerene Virgin is a Canadian journalist, actress, educator, author and television host, best known for her role on the children's television series Today's Special.	Nerene Virgin	journalist
occupation	Vance A. Funk, III (born December 16, 1942) is an American lawyer and politician from Newark, in New Castle County, Delaware.	Vance A. Funk, III	lawyer
occupation	Charlie Ayers is the former executive chef for Google.	Charlie Ayers	chef
occupation	Don Kiser (1937 - April 23, 2009) was an American politician and the Mayor of Paris, Kentucky from 2002 up until his death in 2009.	Don Kiser	politician
occupation	T.M. Scorzafava born Tina Shaw, is an Italian American film director.	T.M. Scorzafava	film director
occupation	George Thatcher (April 12, 1754 -- April 6, 1824) was an American lawyer, jurist, and statesman from the Maine district of Massachusetts.	George Thatcher	lawyer
occupation	Alton White (born May 31, 1945 in Amherst, Nova Scotia) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey player.	Alton White	ice hockey player
occupation	Thomas Bard McFarland (April 19, 1828 - 1908) was a miner, politician and judge in the U.S. state of California.	Thomas Bard McFarland	politician
occupation	Edoardo Chiossone (January 21, 1833 - April 11, 1898) was an Italian engraver and painter, noted for his work as a foreign advisor to Meiji period Japan, and for his collection of Japanese art.	Edoardo Chiossone	engraver	painter
occupation	Joe Hyams (June 6, 1923 -- November 8, 2008) was an American Hollywood columnist and author of bestselling biographies of Hollywood stars.	Joe Hyams	author
occupation	Edward Francis Hutton (September 7, 1875 -- July 11, 1962) was an American financier and co-founder of E. F. Hutton & Co., one of the most respected financial firms in the United States.	Edward Francis Hutton	financier
occupation	Rich Cole is a freelance journalist who first gained notoriety for his pithy articles with the University of Victoria's newspaper, The Martlet.	Rich Cole	journalist
occupation	Quintus Ligarius (1st century BC) was a Roman soldier who was one of the members of the conspiracy to assassinate Julius Caesar.	Quintus Ligarius	soldier
occupation	Philip Shelby is an American writer, possibly best known for writing the second novel, The Cassandra Compact, in the Covert-One series in conjunction with fellow author Robert Ludlum.	Philip Shelby	writer
occupation	Carol Romano is an American public health nurse who is a former Assistant Surgeon General and Chief Nursing Officer for the United States Public Health Service (PHS).	Carol Romano	nurse
occupation	Sheelagh Carpendale is a Canadian artist and computer scientist working in the field of Information Visualization and Human-Computer Interaction.	Sheelagh Carpendale	computer scientist
occupation	Ryan Rems Sarita (born 1978/1979), popularly known as Ryan Rems, is a Filipino comedian and television personality.	Ryan Rems	comedian
occupation	Alexandre da Silva Santana (born December 10, 1979), known professionally as Babu Santana, is a Brazilian actor.	Babu Santana	actor
occupation	Stanislav Procházka (Czech pronunciation: (ˈstaɲɪslaf ˈproxaːska), born June 11, 1973 in Pardubice) is a Czech professional ice hockey player.	Stanislav Procházka	ice hockey player
occupation	William Bendings (died c.1197) was an English judge and county sheriff.	William Bendings	judge
occupation	June Newton (née Browne, 1923) is an Australian actress and photographer.	June Newton	photographer
occupation	Larry Stock (New York City 1896 -- May 4, 1984) was an American songwriter.	Larry Stock	songwriter
occupation	Dr. Shamitha Malnad (Kannada: ಶಮಿತಾ ಮಲ್ನಾಡ್; born 9 June) is an Indian playback singer.	Shamitha Malnad	singer
occupation	Ammonius of Athens (Greek: Ἀμμώνιος), sometimes called Ammonius the Peripatetic, was a philosopher who taught in Athens in the 1st century.	Ammonius of Athens	philosopher
occupation	Cho Ja Young (Hangul: 조자영; born May 26, 1991), commonly known by her stage name Ah Young (Hangul: 아영), is a South Korean singer, actress and model.	Ah Young	singer
occupation	Gil Elvgren (March 15, 1914 -- February 29, 1980; born Gillette Elvgren) was an American painter of pin-up girls, advertising and illustration.	Gil Elvgren	painter
occupation	Robert Blohm (born on May 27, 1948 in Trenton, New Jersey) is an American and Canadian investment banker, economist and statistician, currently a professor of economics at China's Central University of Finance and Economics.	Robert Blohm	economist
occupation	Tom Nicholls is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Tom Nicholls	Australian rules footballer
occupation	George Hughes Kirby (1875-1935) was an American physician and psychiatrist, administrator, and educator, who contributed to the advancement of psychiatry in the United States.	George Hughes Kirby	psychiatrist
occupation	Raquel Forner (April 22, 1902 -- June 10, 1988) was an Argentine painter known for her expressionist works.	Raquel Forner	painter
occupation	Marc Dorsey is an American R&B singer who released his first single, ``People Make the World Go Round'', in 1994.	Marc Dorsey	singer
occupation	Kevin Asch (born September 5, 1975) is an American film director and film producer.	Kevin Asch	film director	film producer
occupation	Arthur Hill Gillmor (March 12, 1824 -- April 13, 1903) was a Canadian farmer, lumberman and Liberal politician from New Brunswick.	Arthur Hill Gillmor	politician
occupation	Frank A. Barnhart is an American actor, producer, director, and college professor.	Frank A. Barnhart	actor
occupation	Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah (born c. 1953) is a Sudanese physician and human rights activist.	Mohammed Ahmed Abdallah	human rights activist
occupation	Younhee Yang (양윤희, Seoul, Republic of Korea, July 10, 1977) is a contemporary Korean painter.	Younhee Yang	painter
occupation	Anand Rajan is an Indian First Class cricketer plays for Madhya Pradesh .	Anand Rajan	cricketer
occupation	Shambhavi Singh (born 1966) is a painter, printmaker, and installation artist currently based in New Delhi, India.	Shambhavi Singh	painter	printmaker
occupation	Félix Torres Sánchez (born May 1, 1932, in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is a retired professional baseball player who played 3 seasons for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball after spending time in the Cincinnati Redlegs and Philadelphia Phillies farm systems.	Félix Torres	baseball player
occupation	Randy Blair is an American musical theatre actor and writer.	Randy Blair	actor
occupation	Leigh Kamman (September 2, 1922 -- October 17, 2014) was an American radio host who has focused bringing jazz music to the airwaves for his career, which spans more than six decades.	Leigh Kamman	radio host
occupation	Joseph Strick (July 6, 1923 -- June 2, 2010) was an American director, producer and screenwriter.	Joseph Strick	screenwriter
occupation	Priscilla A. Clapp is a United States diplomat who served as Chief of Mission in Burma from July 1999 to August 2002.	Priscilla A. Clapp	diplomat
occupation	Edmund Parr (March 30, 1849 -- March 17, 1925) was an American Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates and Senate, representing his native Patrick County.	Edmund Parr	politician
occupation	Caitlin Yeo is an Australian musician and film composer, whose credits include the feature film Jucy (2010) and All My Friends Are Leaving Brisbane (2007).	Caitlin Yeo	composer
occupation	Max De Pree (born October 28, 1924) is an American businessman and writer.	Max De Pree	writer
occupation	Bassem Breish (Arabic: باسم بريش, also spelled Bassem Breiche) is a Lebanese film director and writer, who was recently notable for being a member of the team which made Shankaboot, a Lebanese series available through the internet which has been described as ``the world's first Arabic web drama''.	Bassem Breish	film director
occupation	Francis Steegmuller (July 3, 1906 -- October 20, 1994) was an American biographer, translator and fiction writer, who was known chiefly as a Flaubert scholar.	Francis Steegmuller	writer
occupation	Josephine Webb (born June 21, 1918) is an American electrical engineer who obtained two patents for oil circuit breaker contact design, known colloquially as ``switchgear''.	Josephine Webb	engineer
occupation	William Christopher (born October 20, 1932) is an American actor who is best known for playing Father John Patrick Francis Mulcahy (full character name), better known as Father Mulcahy, on the television series M*A*S*H, and Private Lester Hummel on Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.	William Christopher	actor
occupation	Elizabeth Palmer is a Canadian television journalist who reports for the United States based CBS Evening News channel.	Elizabeth Palmer	journalist
occupation	Frank Albertson (February 2, 1909 -- February 29, 1964) was an American character actor who made his debut in a minor part in Hollywood at age thirteen.	Frank Albertson	actor
occupation	Clifford Stine, ASC (March 24, 1906 -- December 12, 1986), was a cinematographer known for working on western and horror movies.	Clifford Stine	cinematographer
occupation	Angel Balzarino (born August 4, 1943) is an Argentine writer who currently lives in Rafaela.	Angel Balzarino	writer
occupation	Henry P. Glass (September 24, 1911 -- August 27, 2003) was an American designer, architect, author, and inventor.	Henry P. Glass	designer	architect
occupation	Gabriel Gurméndez Armand-Ugon (born 1961) is an Uruguayan industrial engineer, business executive and government figure.	Gabriel Gurméndez Armand-Ugon	engineer
occupation	Jong Thae-yang, also spelled Jong Tae Yang, is a North Korean diplomat.	Jong Thae-yang	diplomat
occupation	Peter Filkins is an American poet and literary translator.	Peter Filkins	translator
occupation	Josh Lomberger (born November 25, 1980), better known by his ring name Josh Mathews, is an American presenter, announcer, and former professional wrestler signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).	Josh Mathews	announcer
occupation	Nay Sleiman (Arabic: ناي سليمان‎) is a Lebanese pop singer with diverse vocal ability and style that attracted following from different countries from the Arab world.	Nay Sleiman	singer
occupation	Ogirala Ramachandra Rao (Telugu: ఓగిరాల రామచంద్రరావు) (1905--1957) was an Indian film actor, music director and multi instrumentalist, predominant in Telugu cinema.	Ogirala Ramachandra Rao	music director
occupation	Gregg Godfrey (born May 26, 1969) is an American writer, producer and director.	Gregg Godfrey	director
occupation	Lawrence Cheng Tan-shui (born 27 November 1955) is a Hong Kong film actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and master of ceremonies.	Lawrence Cheng	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Arthur H. Robinson (January 5, 1915 -- October 10, 2004) was an American geographer and cartographer, who was professor in the Geography Department at the University of Wisconsin--	Arthur H. Robinson	geographer	cartographer
occupation	Alanna Clarke is a Canadian singer/songwriter, guitarist, and piano player based in Cochrane, Alberta.	Alanna Clarke	singer	guitarist
occupation	Surender Kumar Malik (S.K. Malik) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in Applied mathematics especially in nonlinear phenomena.	Surender Kumar Malik	mathematician
occupation	Sexton Blake is a fictional detective who appeared in many British comic strips and novels throughout the 20th century.	Sexton Blake	detective
occupation	Frederick Aspinall (2 September 1859 -- date of death unknown) was an English cricketer.	Frederick Aspinall	cricketer
occupation	Kevin Raleigh is an American singer and keyboardist best known for his tenure with the Michael Stanley Band.	Kevin Raleigh	singer
occupation	Barnaba Okony Gilo is a South Sudanese politician, belonging to the SPLM.	Barnaba Okony Gilo	politician
occupation	Ernest Julius Wilczynski (November 13, 1876--September 14, 1932) was an American mathematician considered the founder of projective differential geometry.	Ernest Julius Wilczynski	mathematician
occupation	George Andrew Olah (born Oláh György; May 22, 1927) is a Hungarian and American chemist.	George Andrew Olah	chemist
occupation	Shelley Ackerman (born October 14, 1953) is an American astrologer, writer, actress and singer.	Shelley Ackerman	astrologer
occupation	Joseph Palmer II (June 16, 1914 -- August 15, 1994) was an American diplomat and State Department official whose career focused on U.S. relations with Africa.	Joseph Palmer II	diplomat
occupation	Freddie Gorman (born Frederick Cortez Gorman, April 11, 1939 -- June 13, 2006) was an American musician and record producer, most famous as a singer, songwriter for the Motown label in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Freddie Gorman	record producer	singer, songwriter
occupation	Jharkhande Rai (Hindi: झारखंडे राय) was an Indian Communist politician.	Jharkhande Rai	politician
occupation	Frank Jenks (November 4, 1902 - May 13, 1962) was an acid-voiced American supporting actor of stage and films.	Frank Jenks	actor
occupation	Arthur Lawes was a rugby league player in the Australian competition the New South Wales Rugby League.	Arthur Lawes	rugby league player
occupation	Martyn Jacques (born 1959) is a British musician, singer and songwriter mostly known as the founder and front man of cult British trio The Tiger Lillies.	Martyn Jacques	singer
occupation	William Hallett Ray (May 25, 1825 -- May 7, 1909) was a Canadian politician, farmer, and merchant.	William Hallett Ray	politician
occupation	Lee Kyung-kyu (born August 1, 1960) is a South Korean actor, comedian, MC, film producer, and screenwriter.	Lee Kyung-kyu	screenwriter
occupation	Anne Petera is an American politician from Virginia and a former United States Department of Homeland Security official.	Anne Petera	politician
occupation	Craig Timberlake (October 30, 1920 -- December 31, 2006) was an American stage actor, singer, author, and educator.	Craig Timberlake	singer
occupation	Augustus Pearl Martin (November 23, 1835 -- March 13, 1902) was an American politician and soldier from Massachusetts who served as the mayor of Boston, Massachusetts, in 1884.	Augustus Pearl Martin	politician
occupation	Ewan Gorman is a British film director best known for the children's adventure film, Young Hunters:	Ewan Gorman	film director
occupation	Kobi Oz (Hebrew: קובי אוז‎, born Yaakov Uzan on 17 September 1969) is the lead singer of Israeli group Teapacks.	Kobi Oz	singer
occupation	Tha'alibi (Abu Mansour al-Hosein ibn Muhammad al-Marghani) (Persian, Arabic:ابو منصور الحسین ابن محمّد المرغنی), from Marghan, in Ghōr Province, Afghanistan, was a Muslim historian.	Abu Mansour al-Hosein ibn Muhammad al-Marghani	historian
occupation	Benjamin Mills was a lawyer and judge who served in the Kentucky Circuit Courts and the Kentucky Court of Appeals.	Benjamin Mills	lawyer
occupation	John Milton Niles (August 20, 1787 -- May 31, 1856) was a lawyer, editor, author and politician from Connecticut, serving in the United States Senate and as United States Postmaster General 1840 to 1841.	John Milton Niles	lawyer	author	politician
occupation	Ethel Brilliana Tweedie F.R.G.S. (1862--1940) was a prolific English author, travel writer, biographer, historian, editor, journalist, photographer and illustrator.	Ethel Brilliana Tweedie	photographer
occupation	Hurd Curtis Willett (January 1, 1903 -- March 26, 1992) was an American meteorologist known for his role in developing five-day weather forecasting techniques and widely known for his attempts at very long-range forecasting.	Hurd Curtis Willett	meteorologist
occupation	Ashley Underwood (born February 8, 1985) is an American women's basketball player and pageant contestant from Benton, Maine who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2009.	Ashley Underwood	basketball player
occupation	Mohamad Bazzi (Arabic: محمد بزي‎), is a Lebanese-American award-winning journalist.	Mohamad Bazzi	journalist
occupation	Charles Crodel (September 16, 1894 -- November 11, 1973) was a German painter and stained glass artist who also taught at Penn State University and the University of Louisville.	Charles Crodel	painter
occupation	Mark Tattersall (born c.1984, Preston) is a journalist, and former news reporter for ITV program Granada Reports.	Mark Tattersall	journalist
occupation	Lyle Ashton Harris (born 1965) is an American artist who has cultivated a diverse artistic practice ranging from photographic media, collage, installation art and performance art.	Lyle Ashton Harris	artist
occupation	Garvin Cross is a Canadian stuntman, stunt coordinator, and actor.	Garvin Cross	stunt coordinator	actor
occupation	Martyn Andrews is a British television presenter, broadcast journalist, trained actor and singer.	Martyn Andrews	television presenter
occupation	Raney Shockne is an American music composer and producer based in Los Angeles.	Raney Shockne	composer
occupation	Jérôme Pradon is an actor and singer who has performed in the West End, in Paris and in various other places around the world.	Jérôme Pradon	actor
occupation	Kostas Seremetis (born December 7, 1972 in Boston, MA) is an American painter, sculptor and filmmaker.	Kostas Seremetis	painter
occupation	Eoin Murray is an Irish auto racing driver, born 9 December 1982.	Eoin Murray	racing driver
occupation	Joseph-Mignault-Paul Sauvé (March 24, 1907 -- January 2, 1960) was a Quebec lawyer, World War II veteran and politician.	Paul Sauvé	politician
occupation	Ali Sepasyar is an American actor, and student of Iranian descent.	Ali Sepasyar	actor
occupation	Friedrich August Flückiger (also spelled Flueckiger) was a Swiss pharmacist, chemist and botanist.	Friedrich August Flückiger	pharmacist	chemist	botanist
occupation	Ricky Yang is an Indonesian professional pool player of Chinese ancestry.	Ricky Yang	pool player
occupation	Enrique Estrada Reynoso (1890--1942) was a Mexican General, politician, and Secretary of National Defense.	Enrique Estrada	politician
occupation	Dimitrios Voulgaris (Greek: Δημήτριος Βούλγαρης; December 20, 1802 -- January 10, 1878) was a Greek revolutionary fighter during the Greek War of Independence of 1821 who became a politician after independence.	Dimitrios Voulgaris	politician
occupation	Andrzej Abrek (died 1700) was a Polish philosopher.	Andrzej Abrek	philosopher
occupation	Findlay Brown is a Yorkshire-born, Brooklyn-based singer-songwriter and producer.	Findlay Brown	singer
occupation	Nathan Jung (born November 29, 1946 in Bakersfield, California) is a Chinese American actor and stuntman.	Nathan Jung	actor
occupation	Marco Calvani (born December 11, 1980) is an Italian playwright, director, translator and actor.	Marco Calvani	playwright	actor
occupation	Alan Roger Currie (born March 3, 1963) is an American author, public speaker and Internet radio personality who has written advice books on dating and interpersonal relationships, verbal communication skills, manipulation, seduction, and talking dirty to women.	Alan Roger Currie	author
occupation	Theon of Samos (Ancient Greek: Θέων) was an ancient Greek painter during the era of Alexander the Great, is mentioned by Quintilian as a good artist of the second rank.	Theon of Samos	painter
occupation	Jan van Amstel, or Jan de Hollander (c.1500--c.1542) was a Dutch Northern Renaissance painter.	Jan van Amstel	painter
occupation	Sun Te-hsiung (Chinese: 孫得雄; pinyin: Sūn Dexióng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Sun Te-hsiung	politician
occupation	Zoë Akins (October 30, 1886 -- October 29, 1958) was a Pulitzer Prize-winning American playwright, poet, and author.	Zoë Akins	playwright	poet
occupation	Usha Sanyal is a scholar and historian whose PhD dissertation analysed the Islamic legal scholar Ahmed Raza Khan Fazil-e-Barelvi.	Usha Sanyal	historian
occupation	Donald Eugene O'Brien (September 30, 1923 -- August 18, 2015) was a United States district judge, in service since 1978, on senior status since 1992, until his death.	Donald Eugene O'Brien	judge
occupation	Vydas Dolinskas (born 1970 in Jonava) is Lithuanian art critic, art historian, director of Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania.	Vydas Dolinskas	art historian
occupation	Dave Nachmanoff (born July 23, 1964) is an award-winning American folk singer-songwriter and the sideman to Al Stewart (``Year of the Cat'', ``Time Passages'').	Dave Nachmanoff	singer-songwriter
occupation	Narayan Kaji Shrestha (Nepali: नारायणकाजी श्रेष्ठ), alias Prakash, is a Nepalese communist politician.	Narayan Kaji Shrestha	politician
occupation	Heinrich Bichler (also Hans Bichler, Heinrich Büchler or Hans Büchler; 1466--1497) was a Swiss painter.	Heinrich Bichler	painter
occupation	Michael Springer (born August 4, 1995) is a lacrosse player for the Philadelphia Barrage of Major League Lacrosse.	Michael Springer	lacrosse player
occupation	Alfred Henry Bromell (September 19, 1947 -- March 18, 2013) was an American novelist, screenwriter, and director.	Henry Bromell	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Nakia Reynoso (born February 20, 1975), known professionally as Nakia, is an American musician, singer-songwriter and actor living in Austin, Texas.	Nakia	singer-songwriter
occupation	Robert C. Broward (March 30, 1926 -- June 28, 2015) was an architect and author based in Jacksonville, Florida.	Robert C. Broward	architect
occupation	Eleazar García Sáenz (September 28, 1924 -- August 24, 1999) was a Mexican character actor best remembered as Antonio Aguilar's comic sidekick.	Eleazar García	actor
occupation	Elizabeth Gaffney (born in New York City on December 22, 1966) is an American novelist.	Elizabeth Gaffney	novelist
occupation	Dave Campfield is an American film director, producer, screenwriter and actor.	Dave Campfield	film director
occupation	Wang Ter-chang (born 9 August 1962) is a Taiwanese golfer who plays mainly on the Asian Tour.	Wang Ter-chang	golfer
occupation	Jake Froese (September 21, 1925 - January 16, 2013) was a Canadian politician, who served as a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons in the 31st Canadian Parliament.	Jake Froese	politician
occupation	Giulio Cesare Rubino was an Italian composer of whom little biographical information is known.	Giulio Cesare Rubino	composer
occupation	Adam LeBor is a British author, novelist and journalist.	Adam LeBor	journalist
occupation	John Shoemaker (born August 18, 1956 in Chillicothe, OH, USA) is a former minor league baseball player who is currently manager of the Arizona League Dodgers.	John Shoemaker	baseball player
occupation	William Tharp Cunningham, known as W. T. Cunningham or as Bill Cunningham (August 21, 1871 -- February 7, 1952), was a lawyer and judge in Natchitoches, Louisiana, who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives for one term between 1908 and 1912.	William Tharp Cunningham	lawyer
occupation	Ingrid Alberini, known by her stage name In-Grid, is an Italian dancer and singer-songwriter.	In-Grid	singer-songwriter
occupation	Reginald Thomas Kirkwood (May 30, 1920 -- September 7, 2006), better known as Joe Kirkwood, Jr., was a professional golfer on the PGA Tour and a motion picture actor.	Joe Kirkwood, Jr.	golfer	actor
occupation	Nicholas J. Vogelzang is a medical oncologist with Comprehensive Cancer Centers of Nevada (CCCN).	Nicholas J. Vogelzang	oncologist
occupation	U. Visweswar Rao is an Indian film, screenwriter, director, producer and playwright known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema.	U. Visweswar Rao	screenwriter
occupation	Scott Strazzante (born March 11, 1964) is a U.S. photojournalist at the San Francisco Chronicle.	Scott Strazzante	photojournalist
occupation	Pat Bishow is an American independent filmmaker and writer, and former drummer for The Mosquitos.	Pat Bishow	writer
occupation	Mary Charleston is an Australian choreographer, film and television actress.	Mary Charleston	choreographer
occupation	Eduard Hayrapetyan (Armenian: Էդուարդ Հայրապետյան; born September 5, 1949) is an Armenian composer of contemporary classical music.	Eduard Hayrapetyan	composer
occupation	Marco Lemmi (Livorno, February 26, 1834 - 1900) was an Italian photographer and painter, in the latter, mainly of landscapes.	Marco Lemmi	photographer	painter
occupation	Daniel Fletcher Webster, commonly known as Fletcher Webster (July 25, 1818 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire -- August 30, 1862) was the son of renowned politician Daniel Webster and Grace Fletcher Webster.	Fletcher Webster	politician
occupation	Juliet Cariaga is an American glamour model who was selected to be the Penthouse Pet of the Month in December 1997 and Penthouse Pet of the Year in 2000.	Juliet Cariaga	model
occupation	Thomas Essomba (born December 2, 1987) is a Cameroonian boxer in the Light flyweight division.	Thomas Essomba	boxer
occupation	Clare Boothe Luce (March 10, 1903 -- October 9, 1987) was an American author and politician, and later a US Ambassador.	Clare Boothe Luce	politician
occupation	Frank Newman Speller, Sr (January 1, 1875 -- January 1, 1968) was a Canadian born American metallurgical engineer notable for his pioneering text on corrosion in 1926.	Frank Newman Speller	engineer
occupation	Henri Alain Liogier, also known as Brother Alain (January 31, 1916 -- November 9, 2009) was a French botanist, educator, and member of the clergy based out of Texas, United States.	Henri Alain Liogier	botanist
occupation	Norman Macdougall is a Scottish historian who is known for writing about Scottish crown politics.	Norman Macdougall	historian
occupation	M. K. Brown is a cartoonist and painter whose work has appeared in many publications, including National Lampoon (1972-1981), Mother Jones, Wimmen's Comix, The New Yorker, Playboy and more.	M. K. Brown	cartoonist
occupation	Zhang Junlong (张俊龙) (born November 12, 1981, in Qingdao, China), nicknamed the Dragon King, is a Chinese professional boxer in the heavyweight division and current WBU heavyweight interim champion.	Zhang Junlong	boxer
occupation	Kadan (also Qadan) was the son of the second Great Khan of the Mongols Ögedei and a concubine.	Kadan	Khan
occupation	Feruza Jumaniyozova (Uzbek: Feruza Jumaniyozova, Russian: Феруза Жуманиёзова, Феруза Джуманиязова) is an Uzbek pop singer who sings in the Uzbek and Tajik languages.	Feruza Jumaniyozova	singer
occupation	Emilio Colón (born in Puerto Rico) is an American solo cellist, chamber musician, conductor, composer and pedagogue.	Emilio Colón	cellist	conductor	composer
occupation	Dora Rangelova (Bulgarian: Дора Рангелова) (born 13 September 1960) is a retired Bulgarian tennis player.	Dora Rangelova	tennis player
occupation	Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales (October 19, 1899 -- June 9, 1974) was a Nobel Prize-winning Guatemalan poet-diplomat, novelist, playwright and journalist.	Miguel Ángel Asturias	poet	diplomat	journalist
occupation	Afzaal Haider (born December 12, 1971) is a Pakistani-born Hong Kong cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for Hong Kong in addition to two first class games for the team and several games for Lahore City in Pakistani domestic cricket.	Afzaal Haider	cricketer
occupation	Stanley Miller Williams (April 8, 1930 -- January 1, 2015) was an American contemporary poet, as well as a translator and editor.	Miller Williams	translator
occupation	Ann Roth (born October 30, 1931) is an American costume designer for films and Broadway theatre.	Ann Roth	costume designer
occupation	Ron Hale (born January 2, 1946) is an American actor best known for his role as Dr. Roger Coleridge on the ABC soap opera Ryan's Hope for its entire run (1975--1989).	Ron Hale	actor
occupation	Tee Corinne (November 3, 1943 -- August 27, 2006) was a photographer, author, and editor notable for the portrayal of sexuality in her artwork.	Tee Corinne	photographer	author
occupation	Adrian Nyel was a 17th-century French educator.	Adrian Nyel	educator
occupation	Polly Frost is a New York City-based writer, journalist, and playwright specializing in humor and erotic horror.	Polly Frost	journalist
occupation	Horst Paul Albert Bohrmann (August 14, 1906 -- November 18, 1999) who chose to be known as Horst P. Horst was a German-American fashion photographer.	Horst P. Horst	photographer
occupation	George Rosenkrans (Jan 17, 1881-Aug. 18, 1955) was a noted American composer of concert band music.	George Rosenkrans	composer
occupation	Nahum Ma'arabi (or Maghrabi) was a Moroccan Hebrew poet and translator of the thirteenth century.	Nahum Ma'arabi	translator
occupation	Jose C. Ferrer (born March 31, 1964 in Puerto Rico) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Jose C. Ferrer	jockey
occupation	Arthur S. Goldsmith (February 26, 1909 - February 3, 1995) is an American bridge player.	Arthur S. Goldsmith	bridge player
occupation	Vladimir Pešić is a scientist from Montenegro, a biologist who is an expert on Hydrachnidiae, the water mites, and a co-author taxon authority for a new species of freshwater snail Valvata montenegrina Glöer & Pešić, 2008 (Valvatidae, Gastropoda).	Vladimir Pešić	biologist
occupation	Robert Deyber (born August 1955 in Greenwich, Connecticut) is an American artist most known for literal visual portrayals of cliches, euphemisms and idioms from the English and other languages.	Robert Deyber	artist
occupation	Iva Withers (July 7, 1917 -- October 7, 2014) was a Canadian-born American actress and singer, best remembered as a replacement player who had long runs in some of Rodgers and Hammerstein's biggest musical theatre hits.	Iva Withers	singer
occupation	Chen Shi-shuenn (Chinese: 陳希舜; pinyin: Chén Xīshùn) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Shi-shuenn	politician
occupation	Knock Yokoyama (横山ノック Yokoyama Nokku, January 30, 1932 -- May 3, 2007) was a Japanese comedian and politician.	Knock Yokoyama	politician
occupation	Branden Lee Hinkle is an American mixed martial artist who has competed in the UFC, Pancrase, RINGS, and BodogFIGHT.	Branden Lee Hinkle	mixed martial artist
occupation	Sasan Yafte, nicknamed ``Sasy Mankan'', (in Persian: ساسی مانکن) is an Iranian pop singer.	Sasy Mankan	singer
occupation	Carlton Elijah Tillery (born August 8, 1957) is an American former boxer in the heavyweight division, nicknamed ``Phoenix Steel''.	Elijah Tillery	boxer
occupation	Amé Gorret (1836 or 1838-1907), known in his native Aosta Valley as the ``Abbé Gorret'' (``Father Gorret''), was a priest and Alpinist (mountaineer).	Amé Gorret	mountaineer
occupation	Peter Fulde (born April 6, 1936 in Breslau, now Wroclaw) is a physicist working in condensed matter theory and quantum chemistry.	Peter Fulde	physicist
occupation	Gregg Giuffria (born July 28, 1951) is an American rock musician and businessman.	Gregg Giuffria	musician
occupation	Charles Nolan (June 5, 1957 -- January 30, 2011 in New York City, New York) was an American fashion designer.	Charles Nolan	fashion designer
occupation	Ronnie Brunswijk (born March 7, 1961) is a Surinamese ex-rebel leader, politician, and business man.	Ronnie Brunswijk	politician
occupation	Jay Meuser (September 28, 1911 -- August 19, 1963) was an American abstract expressionist painter.	Jay Meuser	painter
occupation	Richard Norton-Taylor (born 6 June 1944) is a British editor, journalist and playwright.	Richard Norton-Taylor	journalist	playwright
occupation	Dan Fagin is an American journalist who specializes in environmental health issues.	Dan Fagin	journalist
occupation	William Grant Milne (?-1866), was a Scottish botanist.	William Grant Milne	botanist
occupation	Maybe Elizabeth Goudge is a writer who hasn't gotten her due.''	Elizabeth Goudge	writer
occupation	Roy Z (born February, 1968) is an American guitarist, songwriter and producer, best known for his work with Bruce Dickinson (from Iron Maiden), Halford, and Judas Priest.	Roy Z	guitarist
occupation	Roy Zu-Arets (Hebrew: רועי זו-ארץ) (born January 22, 1969) is an American-Israeli composer, pianist, music producer, and arranger.	Roy Zu-Arets	composer
occupation	Harold Augenbraum (born New York City March 31, 1953) is an American writer, editor, and translator.	Harold Augenbraum	translator
occupation	Jim Whiting (born 1951) is a British artist and inventor.	Jim Whiting	artist
occupation	Adolph Alexander Weinman (December 11, 1870 -- August 8, 1952) was a German-born American sculptor and architectural sculptor.	Adolph Alexander Weinman	sculptor
occupation	Vito Viscomi is a Canadian screenwriter, story editor, and executive producer.	Vito Viscomi	executive producer
occupation	Kit Rachlis (born December 27, 1951) is an American journalist and editor who has held top posts at The Village Voice, LA Weekly, Los Angeles Times, Los Angeles magazine, The American Prospect, and most recently the California Sunday magazine.	Kit Rachlis	journalist
occupation	Jana Pallaske (born May 20, 1979) is a German actress and singer for the rock band, Spitting Off Tall Buildings.	Jana Pallaske	singer
occupation	Angelus of St. Francis Mason, O.F.M. (Spanish: Angelus a San Francisco), was an English Franciscan friar and writer active in the 17th century.	Angelus of St. Francis Mason	friar
occupation	``Minneapolis'' Jim Meehan (born March 19 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American professional poker player from Burnsville, Minnesota.	Jim Meehan	poker player
occupation	Boris Yefimovich Yefimov (Russian: Бори́с Ефи́мович Ефи́мов; September 28, 1899 or 1900 -- October 1, 2008) was a Soviet political cartoonist best known for his critical political caricatures of Adolf Hitler and other Nazis produced before and during the Second World War, and was the chief illustrator of the newspaper Izvestia.	Boris Yefimov	cartoonist
occupation	Leonidas Drosis (Greek: Λεωνίδας Δρόσης; died in 1882) was a Greek Neoclassical sculptor of the 19th century.	Leonidas Drosis	sculptor
occupation	John Whitridge Williams (January 26, 1866 -- October 21, 1931) was a pioneering obstetrician at Johns Hopkins Hospital.	John Whitridge Williams	obstetrician
occupation	Konrad der Pfaffe, 'Conrad the Priest', was a German Roman Catholic epic poet of the twelfth century, author of the ``Rolandslied'', a German version of the famous ``Chanson de Roland''.	Konrad der Pfaffe	poet	author
occupation	Leslie Pearl is an American pop singer-songwriter born in Pennsylvania.	Leslie Pearl	singer
occupation	Lucien Parent, born Pierre Ovide Lucien Parent on April 29, 1893, was a prolific architect, designer, illustrator, and watercolorist.	Lucien Parent	architect
occupation	Thomas Graves Meredith, K.C. (June 16, 1853-October 18, 1945), Canadian lawyer and businessman;	Thomas Graves Meredith	lawyer
occupation	Caleb Cain Marcus is a photographer born in Colorado U.S, living in New York City.	Caleb Cain Marcus	photographer
occupation	Brad Logan, sometimes known as Brad Minus, is a punk/hardcore guitarist from Los Angeles who also owns and operates Blacknoise Recordings, and has collaborated on projects with Alternative Tentacles.	Brad Logan	guitarist
occupation	Marc Meneau (born March 16, 1943) is a French chef, two stars at the Guide Michelin (former three stars).	Marc Meneau	chef
occupation	Ika Nord works as an actor, mime, clown and director.	Ika Nord	actor
occupation	One Evenor was a Greek painter who flourished around 420 BC, the father and teacher of the better-known painter Parrhasius of Ephesus.	Evenor	painter
occupation	Michelle Ray Smith (born September 24, 1974) is an American soap opera actress and underwear model.	Michelle Ray Smith	model
occupation	Bryan O'Linn (November 30, 1927 -- July 19, 2015) was a Namibian jurist, politician, lawyer and author.	Bryan O'Linn	politician	lawyer
occupation	Jonathan Daly (born January 14, 1942) is an American actor who is best known in America for his roles in Petticoat Junction, The Jimmy Stewart Show, and C.P.O. Sharkey, and best known in Australia for being in the comedy duo ``Delo & Daly.''	Jonathan Daly	actor
occupation	Andrew Purves is a Christian theologian in the Reformed tradition through the Church of Scotland (and later, the Presbyterian Church (USA)).	Andrew Purves	theologian
occupation	Harry S.N. Greene, M.D. (1904-1969) was an American pathologist.	Harry S.N. Greene	pathologist
occupation	Charles Earland (May 24, 1941 -- December 11, 1999) was an American jazz composer, organist, and saxophonist in the soul jazz idiom.	Charles Earland	composer
occupation	Mark Marnell was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Mark Marnell	hurler
occupation	Scott Henderson (born August 26, 1954) is an American jazz fusion and blues guitarist best known for his work with the band Tribal Tech. He has worked with numerous record labels including Passport Jazz, Blue Moon, and Tone Center Records and Blues Bureau International, both members of the Shrapnel Label Group.	Scott Henderson	guitarist
occupation	Morto da Feltre was an Italian painter of the Venetian school who worked at the close of the 15th century and beginning of the 16th.	Morto da Feltre	painter
occupation	Angela Correa is a singer/songwriter.	Angela Correa	singer
occupation	Mark Donovan (born 12 October 1968) is a Welsh character actor best known for grotesque roles in productions such as Shaun of the Dead, Black Books, In Bruges, and Murder Investigation Team.	Mark Donovan	actor
occupation	Kanhai Chitrakar was an Indian artist and painter, credited with the revival of the heritage painting discipline of Kanhai Art, a method of painting where gold powder, gold leaves and gem stones are used.	Kanhai Chitrakar	artist	painter
occupation	Hsu Feng-pin (simplified Chinese: 许峰宾; traditional Chinese: 許峰賓; pinyin: Xǔ Fēngbīn) (born October 10, 1981) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Hsu Feng-pin	baseball player
occupation	Arnold Benington (25 April 1903 - 2 April 1982) was a British ornithologist who was instrumental in establishing the Copeland Bird Observatory.	Arnold Benington	ornithologist
occupation	Benjamin Wright (October 10, 1770 -- August 24, 1842) was an American civil engineer who was chief engineer of the Erie Canal and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal.	Benjamin Wright	civil engineer	engineer
occupation	Lin Wanfang, better known as just One-Fang (simplified Chinese: 万芳; traditional Chinese: 萬芳; pinyin: Wànfāng), is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer.	One-Fang	singer
occupation	Iacopo Jacomelli was an Italian singer of the 1940s.	Iacopo Jacomelli	singer
occupation	Akhtar Raza Saleemi (Urdu: اختر رضا سلیمی‎) is a Pakistani Urdu, Hindko and Potohari poet, novelist, writer, critic and editor.	Akhtar Raza Saleemi	poet
occupation	Zygmunt Załęski (February 13, 1892 -- January 12, 1966 in Warsaw), pseudonym Gnatowski, was a Polish national movement activist, politician and publicist.	Zygmunt Załęski	politician
occupation	Kane Morgan is an Australian rugby league player who plays for North Sydney Bears in the NSW Cup.	Kane Morgan	rugby league player
occupation	Manfred Schüler (born March 7, 1932 in Jessen) is a German financial and management expert and politician (SPD).	Manfred Schüler	politician
occupation	Jack Bernstein, (November 5, 1899 -- December 26, 1945) was an American boxer given the birthname John Dodick.	Jack Bernstein	boxer
occupation	Lewis Everett Scott (November 19, 1892 -- November 2, 1960), nicknamed ``Deacon'', was an American professional baseball player.	Everett Scott	baseball player
occupation	Suzy Frelinghuysen (May 7, 1911 -- March 19, 1988), also known as Suzy Morris, was an American abstract painter and opera singer.	Suzy Frelinghuysen	painter	opera singer
occupation	Charles McGregor (September 1, 1922 -- August 11, 1996) was an African American actor, best known for his role as Fat Freddie in Super Fly.	Charles McGregor	actor
occupation	Enrique Amorim (July 25, 1900 -- July 28, 1960) was a Uruguayan novelist and writer, best known for his story Las quitanderas whose plot centres on rural prostitution; also known for his left-wing politics.	Enrique Amorim	writer
occupation	Alex Cord (born May 3, 1933) is an American actor who is best known for his portrayal of Michael Coldsmith Briggs III, better known as Archangel, in fifty-five episodes of the CBS adventure television series Airwolf (1984--1986).	Alex Cord	actor
occupation	Gary Window is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Central District in the SANFL.	Gary Window	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Jordan Fliegel is an American entrepreneur, early-stage technology investor, and former professional basketball player.	Jordan Fliegel	basketball player
occupation	Francisco Humberto Vélez Montiel (Born March 30, 1955) is a Mexican voice actor.	Humberto Vélez	actor
occupation	Betty Harlafti is a young Greek mezzo soprano and singer.	Betty Harlafti	singer
occupation	Sir Abraham Charles Gerard Wijeyekoon (known as Sir Gerard Wijeyekoon ) was a Ceylonese lawyer and a politician.	Gerard Wijeyekoon	politician
occupation	Shania Twain, OC (/ʃəˌnaɪ.ə ˈtweɪn/) (born Eilleen Regina Edwards; August 28, 1965) is a Canadian singer and songwriter.	Shania Twain	singer
occupation	Martin Sutton (born 15 May 1964) is a British songwriter, record producer, mixer and songwriting coach and mentor living and working in Buckinghamshire.	Martin Sutton	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Kuniyoshi Kaneko (金子國義; b. 1936, Saitama Prefecture, Japan -- d. March 17, 2015) was a Japanese painter, illustrator and photographer perhaps best known for his paintings and drawings of women in bondage such as his illustrations for a Japanese edition of Lewis Caroll's Alice in Wonderland.	Kuniyoshi Kaneko	painter
occupation	Bruce Kimmel (born December 8, 1947), also known as Guy Haines, is an actor, writer, director, composer, and Grammy-nominated CD producer.	Bruce Kimmel	actor	writer	composer
occupation	Frank V. Dudley (November 14, 1868 -- March 5, 1957) was an American landscape painter, known especially for his paintings of scenes in the Indiana Dunes.	Frank V. Dudley	painter
occupation	Paul Dojack (April 24, 1914 -- November 7, 2007) was a Canadian CFL referee.	Paul Dojack	referee
occupation	Hubert van Ravesteyn was a Dutch painter of interiors and cattle, the son of Herman van Ravesteyn.	Hubert van Ravesteyn	painter
occupation	Fred J. James was an American architect born in Canada.	Fred J. James	architect
occupation	Hong Xuezhi (Chinese: 洪学智; February 2, 1913 - November 20, 2006) was a general in the Chinese Red Army and a politician in the Peoples Republic of China.	Hong Xuezhi	politician
occupation	Julian Ritter (September 19, 1909 -- March 4, 2000) was an American painter of Polish-German descent who painted primarily nudes, clowns and portraits.	Julian Ritter	painter
occupation	Jura Margulis (born June 14, 1968, in Leningrad, now St. Petersburg) is a Russian born, German raised, US based internationally acclaimed concert pianist, recording artist, and pedagogue.	Jura Margulis	pianist
occupation	The Foundry Painter (German: Erzgießerei-Maler) was an ancient Greek Attic red-figure vase painter of the Late Archaic period.	Foundry Painter	red-figure vase painter
occupation	Ma Yiming (马一鸣) (born December 19, 1980, Dalian, China) is a Chinese professional light flyweight boxer and the former WBO China Zone flyweight and WBO Asia Pacific light flyweight champion.	Ma Yiming	boxer
occupation	Lauren Anne Young (born November 8, 1993), simply known as Lauren Young, is a Filipino-American actress and model.	Lauren Young	model
occupation	Madhu Kaithapram (Malayalam: മധു കൈതപ്രം)(Tamil: மது கைதப்ரம்) was an Indian film director who worked primarily in the Malayalam film industry based in Kerala.	Madhu Kaithapram	film director
occupation	Alison Gordon (January 1, 1943 -- February 12, 2015) was a Canadian journalist and mystery novelist.	Alison Gordon	novelist
occupation	Aladár Árkay (Temesvár, February 1, 1868 - Budapest, February 2, 1932) was a Hungarian architect, craftsman, and painter.	Aladár Árkay	architect
occupation	Frank Sanello (born May 17, 1952) is an author and journalist who writes about the entertainment industry, cultural anthropology, politics, social issues, and revisionist history.	Frank Sanello	journalist
occupation	Yeh Ting-jen (Chinese: 葉丁仁; born July 1, 1983 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Yeh Ting-jen	baseball player
occupation	John Rollin Ridge (Cherokee name: Cheesquatalawny, or Yellow Bird, March 19, 1827 -- October 5, 1867), a member of the Cherokee Nation, is considered the first Native American novelist.	John Rollin Ridge	novelist
occupation	Bonanno Pisano (Pisa), active in the 1170s and 1180s, was an Italian sculptor, mixing Byzantine and classical elements.	Bonanno Pisano	sculptor
occupation	Gonzalo Celorio Blasco is a writer and an academic and former director of the Fondo de Cultura Económica.	Gonzalo Celorio	writer
occupation	Louis Jules Duboscq (March 5, 1817 -- September 24, 1886) was a French instrument maker, inventor, and pioneering photographer.	Jules Duboscq	photographer
occupation	Jitu Jirati (born August 8, 1976) is an Indian politician and belongs to Bhartiya Janta Party.	Jitu Jirati	politician
occupation	Lori Lansens is a Canadian novelist and screenwriter.	Lori Lansens	novelist
occupation	Melissa van der Schyff (sometimes stylized Melissa Van Der Schyff) is a Canadian award-winning actress, singer, comedienne and songwriter who is best known for her work on Broadway.	Melissa van der Schyff	singer
occupation	George David Weiss (April 9, 1921 -- August 23, 2010) was an American songwriter and former President of the Songwriters Guild of America.	George David Weiss	songwriter
occupation	Filippo Zappata (July 6, 1894 -- August 30, 1994) was an Italian engineer and aircraft designer.	Filippo Zappata	engineer
occupation	Flemming Delfs (born 1951) is a former Danish badminton player who won Danish national and international championships from the early 1970s to the early 1980s.	Flemming Delfs	badminton player
occupation	John Eustace Prescott (1830-1920) was an Anglican priest and author in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Eustace Prescott	priest
occupation	Goh Chok Tong (born 20 May 1941; Chinese: 吴作栋; pinyin: Wú Zuò dòng, Wade--Giles: Wu2-tso4-tung4) is a Singaporean politician.	Goh Chok Tong	politician
occupation	Cristian Ritondo (b, July 27, 1966) is an Argentine politician, from Republican Proposal.	Cristian Ritondo	politician
occupation	Geraldine McMahon ARCM is a British-born harpist and singer of Irish descent.	Geraldine McMahon	singer
occupation	John Tillinger (born June 28, 1938) is a theatre director and actor.	John Tillinger	theatre director	actor
occupation	Mamoun Hassan is a screenwriter, director, editor, producer and teacher of film who held prominent positions in British cinema during the 1970s and 1980s, frequently backing experimental work.	Mamoun Hassan	screenwriter
occupation	René Bégin (July 2, 1912 -- November 18, 1980) was a Canadian politician and wholesaler.	René Bégin	politician
occupation	Jørn Lande (born May 31, 1968), is a Norwegian hard rock and heavy metal singer.	Jørn Lande	singer
occupation	Rear Admiral Susan Blumenthal, M.D. (born 1951) is an American physician, global health expert, psychiatrist and public health advocate.	Susan Blumenthal	psychiatrist
occupation	Rajeevan is an art director in Indian films.	Rajeevan	art director
occupation	Andrew Osenga is an American singer/songwriter and progressive rock musician.	Andrew Osenga	singer
occupation	Ira Stadlen (January 16, 1924 -- April 18, 2010), known professionally as Allen Swift, was an American voice actor, known for playing characters including Simon Bar Sinister and Riff-Raff on the Underdog cartoon show.	Allen Swift	actor
occupation	Pat Byrnes is an American cartoonist best known for his work for The New Yorker.	Pat Byrnes	cartoonist
occupation	Judith de los Santos, who uses the pseudonym Malukah, is a Mexican composer and singer known for her cover versions of music from video games which she publishes on YouTube.	Malukah	composer	singer
occupation	Lou Tellegen (November 26, 1881 -- October 29, 1934) was a Dutch-born silent film and stage actor, director and screenwriter.	Lou Tellegen	actor
occupation	Passang Lhamo is a Tibetan nun, activist, and singer.	Passang Lhamo	singer
occupation	Sulejman Naibi (Ramazani) was an Albanian early period poet of the bejtexhinj era.	Sulejman Naibi	poet
occupation	Margaret W. Wong (July 27, 1950 in Hong Kong) is a naturalized American immigration lawyer who created an immigration and nationality law practice in 1978, of which she is senior and managing partner.	Margaret W. Wong	lawyer
occupation	Ashley Tesoro (born Ashley Lyn Cafagna; February 15, 1983) is an American actress, model, and singer.	Ashley Tesoro	model	singer
occupation	John Marvel (September 11, 1926 -- March 16, 2013) was an American rancher and politician.	John Marvel	politician
occupation	Donatas Morkūnas (born on April 17, 1957 in Druskininkai, Lithuania) is a politician, banker, a former lecturer at Šiauliai Pedagogical Institute, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.	Donatas Morkūnas	politician
occupation	Heather Slade-Lipkin is an English pianist, harpsichordist and teacher.	Heather Slade-Lipkin	harpsichordist
occupation	Neil Docking is a British writer, composer and producer who has worked in press, radio, film, theatre and television.	Neil Docking	composer
occupation	Jeanette Kuvin Oren is a Jewish American contemporary artist specializing in Judaic art, fiber art, mosaics, stained glass, calligraphy, papercutting and painting.	Jeanette Kuvin Oren	artist
occupation	Giuliano da Rimini was an Italian painter, circa 1307 to 1324.	Giuliano da Rimini	painter
occupation	Daniel Eriksson (born October 20, 1974) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Dynamo Kazan as a defender.	Daniel Eriksson	bandy player
occupation	Domingo Maria Sanni (18th century) was an Italian painter and architect of the late Baroque period, active in Spain.	Domingo Maria Sanni	painter
occupation	Xavier Leroy (born March 15, 1968) is a French computer scientist and programmer.	Xavier Leroy	computer scientist
occupation	Ricardo Toledo is a Costa Rican politician and a member of the Christian democratic Social Christian Unity Party (PUSC).	Ricardo Toledo	politician
occupation	Vitali Tsypko (born in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian professional boxer who fights in the super middleweight division.	Vitali Tsypko	boxer
occupation	Henry Rogers Seager (July 21, 1870 -- August 23, 1930, Kiev, Russia) was an American economist, and Professor of Political Economy at Columbia University, who served as president of the American Association for Labor Legislation.	Henry Rogers Seager	economist
occupation	Benny Boom (born on July 22, 1971) is a music video and film director.	Benny Boom	film director
occupation	Philip Cosgrave (died 22 October 1923) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) in Dáil Éireann from 1921 to 1923.	Philip Cosgrave	politician
occupation	Charles Kimbrough (born May 23, 1936) is an American actor known for having played the straight-faced anchorman Jim Dial on Murphy Brown.	Charles Kimbrough	actor
occupation	Erwin Aichele (born 1887 - died 1974) was a German painter and animal artist from Baden-Württemberg in Southern Germany.	Erwin Aichele	painter
occupation	Chief Tahachee (born Jeff Davis Tahchee Cypert, March 4, 1904 -- June 9, 1978) was an Old Settler Cherokee Indian who was an author, a stage actor, a film extra, and a vaudeville performer.	Chief Tahachee	actor
occupation	Tigerlily Hill is a Caymanian fashion designer best known in America as a celebrity wardrobe stylist and TV personality.	Tigerlily Hill	wardrobe stylist
occupation	Giovanni Battista Treviso (fl. 1650s) was an Italian composer and maestro di capella in Pavia.	Giovanni Battista Treviso	composer
occupation	John S. Flizikowski (also known as José; born April 19, 1868 in Preußisch Stargard, West Prussia, now Starogard Gdański, Poland; died July 15, 1934, in Chicago, Illinois) was a notable Chicago architect of residential, church and commercial buildings during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	John S. Flizikowski	architect
occupation	Jaclyn Tsai or Tsai Yu-ling (Chinese: 蔡玉玲; pinyin: Cài Yùlíng) is a politician in the Republic of China (Taiwan).	Jaclyn Tsai	politician
occupation	Paul Birchall (born 8 October 1979), better known by his ring name Paul Burchill, is a retired English professional wrestler.	Paul Burchill	professional wrestler
occupation	Ebenezer N. Briggs (November 1, 1801 -- January 26, 1873) was an American lawyer and politician in the U.S. state of Vermont.	Ebenezer N. Briggs	lawyer	politician
occupation	Anatoly Zubkov (Russian: Анатолий Анатольевич Зубков; 1900--1967) was a Soviet physiologist, D.Sc..	Anatoly Zubkov	physiologist
occupation	Milan Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Станковић, born September 9, 1987 in Obrenovac) is a Serbian pop-folk singer.	Milan Stanković	singer
occupation	Sepp Hochreiter (born 1967 in Mühldorf) is a German computer scientist working in the fields of machine learning and bioinformatics.	Sepp Hochreiter	computer scientist
occupation	William Terrell Hodges (born April 28, 1934) is an American lawyer and federal judge.	William Terrell Hodges	lawyer	judge
occupation	Jacob Whitman Bailey (1811--1857) was an American naturalist, known as the pioneer in microscopic research in America (microscopy).	Jacob Whitman Bailey	naturalist
occupation	Lewis Baltz (September 12, 1945 -- November 22, 2014) was a visual artist and photographer who became an important figure in the New Topographics movement of the late 1970s.	Lewis Baltz	artist	photographer
occupation	P. S. Srijith is an Indian film actor who had appeared in Tamil films	P. S. Srijith	actor
occupation	Dr. Lewis Ayres, a lay Catholic theologian, is Professor of Catholic and Historical Theology at Durham University in the United Kingdom.	Lewis Ayres	theologian
occupation	Joel Carmichael (1915--2006) was an American historian, magazine editor, and translator.	Joel Carmichael	historian	translator
occupation	Ritch Brinkley (March 18, 1944 -- November 5, 2015) was an American character actor best known for playing William in Beauty and the Beast who appeared in over 50 films and television programs from 1972 to 2002 in a film and television career that spanned three decades.	Ritch Brinkley	actor
occupation	Philippe Descombes is a French racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.	Philippe Descombes	racing driver
occupation	Gustav Mesmer (1903--1994) was a German inventor of experimental human-powered flying machines, often referred to in the press as ``the Icarus of Lautertal.''	Gustav Mesmer	inventor
occupation	Don Dailey (March 10, 1956 -- November 22, 2013) was an American longtime researcher in computer chess and a game programmer.	Don Dailey	game programmer
occupation	Pere Arnaut de Garro (13-1422) was a Basque nobleman, ambassador of Charles II of Navarre in England.	Pere Arnaut de Garro	ambassador
occupation	Hank Willis Thomas (b. March 17, 1976 in Plainfield, NJ) is a contemporary African-American visual artist and photographer whose primary interests are race, advertising and popular culture.	Hank Willis Thomas	photographer
occupation	Horst Faber was a German figure skater who competed in men's singles.	Horst Faber	figure skater
occupation	Kishor Gurung (Nepali: किशोर गुरुङ) is a Nepalese guitarist and ethnomusicologist.	Kishor Gurung	ethnomusicologist
occupation	William L. Perkins (died 1957) was an American architect of Chariton, Iowa.	William L. Perkins	architect
occupation	Cristina Favre-Moretti, née Moretti (born August 26, 1963), is a Swiss ski mountaineer, long-distance runner and mountain biker.	Cristina Favre-Moretti	ski mountaineer
occupation	Since 1999, Hooman Khalatbari has held different positions in Graz Opera and performed as conductor, soloist, chamber musician, accompanist and coordinator in several European countries, USA, Canada and Asia.	Hooman Khalatbari	musician
occupation	Scarlet Rivera, born Donna Shea, is an American violinist.	Scarlet Rivera	violinist
occupation	Aladi Aruna (alias) V Arunachalam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly.	Aladi Aruna	politician
occupation	Martin Charles Golumbic (born September 30, 1948) is a mathematician and computer scientist, best known for his work in algorithmic graph theory and in artificial intelligence.	Martin Charles Golumbic	mathematician
occupation	Jenn Grinels is an American actress, guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Jenn Grinels	guitarist	singer and songwriter
occupation	Dirk Polder (August 23, 1919 -- March 18, 2001) was a Dutch physicist who, together with Hendrik Casimir, first predicted the existence of what today is known as the Casimir-Polder force, sometimes also referred to as the Casimir effect or Casimir force.	Dirk Polder	physicist
occupation	Ray Chadwick (born November 17, 1962, in Durham, North Carolina) is a retired professional baseball player who played one season for the California Angels of Major League Baseball.	Ray Chadwick	baseball player
occupation	Ioanna Kondouli is a Greek politician and topographer engineer who is leader of the Ecologist Greens party.	Ioanna Kondouli	politician
occupation	Aaron ben Perez of Avignon was a French rabbi and scholar; born about the middle of the thirteenth century; died in the first quarter of the fourteenth century.	Aaron ben Perez of Avignon	rabbi
occupation	Abraham ben Solomon of Torrutiel (Utiel) was a North African Jewish historian of the early 16th century.	Abraham ben Solomon	historian
occupation	Francesco Bracotti (born January 16, 1995 in Turin, Italy) is a professional racing driver from Italy who competes in single seaters.	Francesco Bracotti	racing driver
occupation	Howard Kyle (April 22, 1861 -- December 1, 1950), was an American stage and screen actor and lecturer active for over 50 years.	Howard Kyle	actor
occupation	Archibald Hill Carmichael (June 17, 1864 -- July 15, 1947) was an American Democratic politician who represented Alabama's 8th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from November 1933 to January 1937.	Archibald Hill Carmichael	politician
occupation	Vaughn Wilson (born December 24, 1976) is an American actor best known for playing the role of Fergie Thompson on the CW's hit show One Tree Hill.	Vaughn Wilson	actor
occupation	Belle Puri is an award winning Canadian journalist.	Belle Puri	journalist
occupation	Simon Marius (Latinized from German Simon Mayr; January 20, 1573 -- January 5, 1625) was a German astronomer.	Simon Marius	astronomer
occupation	Brian Vander Ark is an American singer-songwriter best known as lead singer for the band The Verve Pipe.	Brian Vander Ark	singer-songwriter	singer
occupation	Wallace Stevens (October 2, 1879 -- August 2, 1955) was an American Modernist poet.	Wallace Stevens	poet
occupation	Dennis Boutsikaris (born December 21, 1952) is an American character actor who has won the Obie Award twice.	Dennis Boutsikaris	actor
occupation	Veronica Roth (born August 19, 1988) is an American novelist and short story writer known for her debut New York Times bestselling Divergent trilogy, consisting of Divergent, Insurgent, and Allegiant; and Four:	Veronica Roth	writer
occupation	Egon Weidekamp (March 14, 1921 -- April 26, 2000) was a Danish politician and CEO of an insurance company.	Egon Weidekamp	politician
occupation	Karl Stoerk (German: Störk, September 17, 1832 -- September 13, 1899) was an Austrian laryngologist who was a native of Ofen.	Karl Stoerk	laryngologist
occupation	Candace Nelson (born May 8, 1974) is a pastry chef and judge on the television series Cupcake Wars.	Candace Nelson	chef
occupation	Decimus Laelius Balbus, son of Decimus and grandson of Decimus, was a Roman politician during the reign of the Roman Emperor Augustus.	Decimus Laelius Balbus	politician
occupation	Grande Otelo (October 18, 1915 -- November 26, 1993) was the stage name of Brazilian actor, comedian, singer, and composer Sebastião Bernardes de Souza Prata.	Grande Otelo	actor
occupation	Venerated as a soldier-saint, Defendens was, according to Christian tradition, a member of the Theban Legion, and thus martyred at Agaunum.	Defendens	soldier
occupation	Elyse Ribbons is an American entrepreneur, writer, businesswoman, and playwright who lives and works in Beijing.	Elyse Ribbons	playwright
occupation	Attila Márton (born March 14, 1963) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Hajdúszoboszló (Hajdú-Bihar County Constituency VII) from 2002 to 2014.	Attila Márton	politician
occupation	Ma Xiaohui (simplified Chinese: 马晓晖; traditional Chinese: 馬曉暉; pinyin: Mǎ Xiǎohuī) is an erhu player and composer from Shanghai, China.	Ma Xiaohui	composer
occupation	Mihály Szever Vanecsai, also known in Slovenian as Miháo Sever Vaneča or Miháo Sever z Vaneča (ca. 1699--1750) was a Hungarian Slovenian Lutheran priest, born in the village of Vanecsa (Vaslak or Vaneča) in the Prekmurje region.	Mihály Szever Vanecsai	priest
occupation	Ambassador C. Paul Robinson (born 1941) is an American physicist.	C. Paul Robinson	physicist
occupation	Tseng Ming-chung or William Tseng (simplified Chinese: 曾铭宗; traditional Chinese: 曾銘宗; pinyin: Zēng Míngzōng) is a Taiwanese politician.	Tseng Ming-chung	politician
occupation	Hershel Reichman (Hebrew: רב צבי יוסף רייכמן‎) (born February 18, 1944) is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary, an affiliate of Yeshiva University.	Hershel Reichman	rabbi
occupation	Lindsay Pollock is a journalist and blogger specializing in the art market.	Lindsay Pollock	journalist
occupation	Darrel Johnson (born February 21, 1955) is a former college basketball coach.	Darrel Johnson	basketball coach
occupation	Eylem Elif Maviş, née Koç, (born November 9, 1973) is the first Turkish woman mountaineer to climb Mount Everest, the highest mountain on Earth.	Eylem Elif Maviş	mountaineer
occupation	Benjamin Bejbaum is a French entrepreneur and computer programmer, who is particularly known for being co-founder of Dailymotion video-sharing site with Olivier Poitrey.	Benjamin Bejbaum	entrepreneur
occupation	Ophelia DeVore (August 12, 1922 -- February 28, 2014) was an American businesswoman, publisher, and model.	Ophelia DeVore	model
occupation	Sam Sullivan, CM (born 1959) is a Canadian politician currently serving as the MLA for Vancouver-False Creek.	Sam Sullivan	politician
occupation	Wilfred Benítez (born September 12, 1958) is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer and the youngest world champion in the sport's history.	Wilfred Benítez	boxer
occupation	James William Ercolani (born June 8, 1936), known by his stage name James Darren, is an Italian-American television and film actor, television director, and singer.	James Darren	actor	singer
occupation	Alessandra Sublet (born Alexandra Sublet on October 5, 1976) is a French radio and television presenter.	Alessandra Sublet	television presenter
occupation	Jan Vayne (pseudonym of Jan Veenje) (June 9, 1966 in Zuidwolde, Drenthe) is a Dutch pianist.	Jan Vayne	pianist
occupation	David Niven, Jr. (born December 15, 1942), is a British film producer and film actor, with stints as an executive at Paramount Pictures and Columbia Pictures.	David Niven, Jr.	actor
occupation	In 2006, a biography of Mayoman Admiral William Brown written by well-known Argentine author Marcos Aguinis and translated by Bill Tyson was published to critical acclaim.	Bill Tyson	author
occupation	Pierre-Étienne Laporte (born September 23, 1934) was a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Outremont in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1996 to 2003.	Pierre-Étienne Laporte	politician
occupation	Miriam Hannah (born May 4, 1982), better known as Audrey Hannah, is a German-Canadian presenter, singer-songwriter and ballet dancer.	Audrey Hannah	singer
occupation	Irek Zaripov (Russian: Ирек Айратович Зарипов, Bashkir: Ирек Айрат улы Зәрипов) is a Russian biathlete and cross-country skier.	Irek Zaripov	biathlete
occupation	Terry R. Spence (born November 30, 1941) is a United States statesman and politician from New Castle, in New Castle County, Delaware.	Terry R. Spence	politician
occupation	Armand Bénédic (1875--1962) was a French curler.	Armand Bénédic	curler
occupation	K. Kallan iss an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	K. Kallan	politician
occupation	Miriam Dudley is a librarian and currently Programme Director of SLS Legal Publications at Queen's University Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Miriam Dudley	librarian
occupation	Andre Blay is a businessman, film producer, and studio executive.	Andre Blay	film producer
occupation	Dilara Begum Jolly is a Bangladeshi print artist, sculptor, installation artist, and painter.	Dilara Begum Jolly	painter
occupation	Dom Heliodoro de Paiva (fl. Coimbra, 1552) was a Portuguese composer, philosopher, and theologian.	Heliodoro de Paiva	composer	philosopher
occupation	Mickey Bass (born May 2, 1943 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American bassist, composer, arranger, and music educator.	Mickey Bass	music educator
occupation	Gulzar Singh Cheema (born August 11, 1954) is an Indian-born Canadian physician and politician.	Gulzar Singh Cheema	politician
occupation	Simeon Gannett Reed (April 23, 1830 -- November 7, 1895) was an American businessman and entrepreneur in Oregon.	Simeon Gannett Reed	entrepreneur
occupation	António A. de Freitas (born December 22, 1947), is an immunologist.	António A. de Freitas	immunologist
occupation	Cornelis Beelt (born 1602/1612 -- died 1664/1702), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Cornelis Beelt	painter
occupation	Cilia Flores (born in Tinaquillo, Cojedes, on 15 October 1953) is a Venezuelan lawyer and politician.	Cilia Flores	politician
occupation	Emmerich Joseph von Breidbach zu Bürresheim was ordained as a priest in Mainz on October 5, 1758, becoming the dean of Mainz Cathedral.	Emmerich Joseph von Breidbach zu Bürresheim	priest
occupation	Barry Levinson (born April 6, 1942) is an American screenwriter, Academy Award-winning film director, actor, and producer of film and television.	Barry Levinson	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Matteo Santoponte (born August 26, 1977 in Rome) is an Italian racing driver from Rome who has raced under the pseudonym ``Babalus''.	Matteo Santoponte	racing driver
occupation	Blaine Harrison (born Stephen Blaine Harrison on May 23, 1985) is an English musician and songwriter best known as the lead vocalist of the indie rock band Mystery Jets.	Blaine Harrison	musician	songwriter
occupation	Hugh Bradner (November 5, 1915 -- May 5, 2008) was an American physicist at the University of California who is credited with inventing the neoprene wetsuit, which helped to revolutionize scuba diving.	Hugh Bradner	physicist
occupation	James Leo Herlihy (/ˈhɜːrləhi/; February 27, 1927 -- October 21, 1993) was an American novelist, playwright and actor.	James Leo Herlihy	novelist
occupation	Marq de Villiers, CM is an award-winning Canadian writer and journalist.	Marq de Villiers	journalist
occupation	Rich Dickerson is a talk radio host for WZZR 94.3 FM in South Florida and presenter of the show The Love Doctors.	Rich Dickerson	radio host
occupation	Herman Fishman (March 7, 1917 -- December 14, 1967) was an American basketball and baseball player and the founder of the sports camp, Camp Michigama.	Herman Fishman	baseball player
occupation	Dr. Isabella Karle (born Isabella Helen Lugoski on December 2, 1921) is an American scientist who was instrumental in developing techniques to extract plutonium chloride from a mixture containing plutonium oxide.	Isabella Karle	scientist
occupation	Richard Steven Horvitz, also known as Richard Wood (born July 29, 1966), is an American actor and voice actor.	Richard Steven Horvitz	actor
occupation	Baron Edward Rastawiecki (October 20, 1804 in Nowosiółki near Hrubieszów - February 23, 1879 in Warszawa) was a Polish art historian.	Edward Rastawiecki	art historian
occupation	María Rostworowski Tovar de Diez Canseco (born August 8, 1915) is a Peruvian historian known for her extensive and detailed publications about Peruvian Ancient Cultures and the Inca Empire.	María Rostworowski	historian
occupation	Mark Kilstofte (born 1958) is an American composer, and professor at Furman University, Greenville, South Carolina, reared in Pueblo, Colorado.	Mark Kilstofte	composer
occupation	Khalid Al-Kulaibi (Arabic: خالد القليبي‎; born May 2, 1986) is an Omani swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and open water marathon.	Khalid Al-Kulaibi	swimmer
occupation	Evan Roth (born 1978) is a US artist who applies a hacker philosophy to an art practice that visualizes transient moments in public space, online and in popular culture.	Evan Roth	artist
occupation	D. S. A. Sivaprakasam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly and Member of Parliament.	D. S. A. Sivaprakasam	politician
occupation	Suzanne Roberts (born October 2, 1970) is an award-winning, American poet, travel writer, and photographer.	Suzanne Roberts	photographer
occupation	D'Urville Martin (February 11, 1939 -- May 28, 1984) was an American actor and director in both film and television.	D'Urville Martin	actor
occupation	Csaba Markus (born January 26, 1953) is a Hungarian born American artist, painter, sculptor and publisher.	Csaba Markus	painter	sculptor	publisher
occupation	Adeyto (also known as Adeyto Rex Angeli and Laura Windrath) (born 3 December 1976) is an artist, singer-songwriter, actress, director, photographer, university professor, and fashion designer based in Japan.	Adeyto	singer	photographer
occupation	Nayla Tueni Maktabi (Arabic: نايلة تويني مكتبي‎) (born 31 August 1982) is a Lebanese journalist and politician.	Nayla Tueni	journalist
occupation	Adam Rapp (born June 15, 1968) is an American novelist, playwright, screenwriter, musician and film director.	Adam Rapp	novelist	film director
occupation	Wim den Herder (born December 20, 1983) is a Dutch jazz guitarist and entrepreneur.	Wim den Herder	guitarist
occupation	Bob Stutt is a Canadian puppeteer/writer, who has starred in various children's television programs throughout his career.	Bob Stutt	puppeteer	writer
occupation	María Belén Pérez Maurice (born July 12, 1985) is an Argentinian sabre fencer, Pan American champion in 2014.	María Belén Pérez Maurice	fencer
occupation	Gregory Rogove is an American indie music drummer and songwriter.	Gregory Rogove	songwriter
occupation	Petra Seeger is a German documentary film director and producer.	Petra Seeger	film director
occupation	Mendi Mengjiqi (Serbian: Менди Менђићи, Mendi Menđići) (born 1958) is a Kosovar Albanian composer, author of the National anthem of Kosovo, Europe.	Mendi Mengjiqi	composer
occupation	Francis Clark Howell (November 27, 1925 -- March 10, 2007), generally known as F. Clark Howell, was an American anthropologist.	Francis Clark Howell	anthropologist
occupation	Lake Underwood (July 4, 1926 -- September 12, 2008) was an American entrepreneur who competed as a champion in the racing of prototype automobiles and motorcycles.	Lake Underwood	entrepreneur
occupation	Brian Crecente (born July 28, 1970) is an American journalist and columnist.	Brian Crecente	journalist
occupation	Christian Friedrich Schuricht (March 5, 1753 - August 2, 1832) was a German architect and painter who designed, among others, the New Palace and the Chinese garden at Pillnitz Castle.	Christian Friedrich Schuricht	architect
occupation	Barbara Lorenz is a make-up artist who has done over 110 films and TV shows.	Barbara Lorenz	artist
occupation	Bev Sanders is a snowboarder, surfer, and founder of Manifesta Safaris, a women's travel and adventure company based in Carmel-by-the-Sea, CA.	Bev Sanders	surfer
occupation	Colonel Prentiss Ingraham (December 28, 1843 -- August 16, 1904) was a Colonel in the Confederate Army, a professional military officer throughout the 1860s and a fiction writer.	Prentiss Ingraham	writer
occupation	Robert Borg (1913 -- 2005) was an American military officer and equestrian.	Robert Borg	officer
occupation	Alfred L. Werker (December 2, 1896 -- July 28, 1975) was a film director whose work in movies spanned from 1917 through 1957.	Alfred L. Werker	film director
occupation	Mike Nemes (born February 20, 1954) is an American politician who served as the representative from the 38th district in the Kentucky House of Representatives from January 2011 to January 2013.	Mike Nemes	politician
occupation	Vanessa Veselka (born March 14, 1969) is an American writer best known for her 2012 PEN / Robert W. Bingham prize prize-winning debut novel Zazen.	Vanessa Veselka	writer
occupation	Denise Siegel is an American visual artist/photographer/musician/writer who founded the indie band Eenie Meenie.	Denise Siegel	photographer	writer
occupation	Yehuda Patt is a liver cancer specialist, gastrointestinal oncologist, and Professor of Medicine at the University of New Mexico, and resides in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Yehuda Patt	oncologist
occupation	Paul Nation is a leading language teaching methodology and vocabulary acquisition linguist researcher, mainly for English as a Foreign Language.	Paul Nation	linguist
occupation	Tor Egil Førland (b. May 5, 1959) is professor of history at the University of Oslo.	Tor Egil Førland	professor
occupation	Kenneth Josephson (b. July 1, 1932) is an American photographer.	Kenneth Josephson	photographer
occupation	Joey Reiman is an Atlanta-based author, award-winning advertiser and businessman.	Joey Reiman	author
occupation	Matt Hoverman (born May 12, 1968) is an American actor, playwright, and voice actor based in New York City.	Matt Hoverman	voice actor
occupation	Dominic Pangborn is a Korean-American artist and graphic designer.	Dominic Pangborn	artist
occupation	Juliet Gellatley is a British writer and animal rights activist.	Juliet Gellatley	writer
occupation	Eric Joseph Poole (December 19, 1907 -- January 1, 1969) was a building contractor and a Canadian federal politician.	Eric Joseph Poole	politician
occupation	George Augustus Nokes (1867--1948), often known by his pen-name G.A. Sekon, was the founding editor of The Railway Magazine.	George Augustus Nokes	editor
occupation	Javier Senosiain is a Mexican architect celebrated as a key exponent and explorer of so-called organic architecture.	Javier Senosiain	architect
occupation	Michelle Garnaut is an Australian restaurateur and cook best known for her series of upscale restaurants in China such as M at the Fringe, M on the Bund, Capital M, and the Glamour Bar.	Michelle Garnaut	restaurateur
occupation	Franck Marchis (born April 6, 1973 in Caen, France), astronomer and planetary scientist, is best known for his discovery and characterization of multiple asteroids, his study of Io volcanism and imaging of exoplanets, planets around other stars.	Franck Marchis	astronomer
occupation	Frederick Lippitt (December 29, 1916 -- May 11, 2005) was an American military officer, attorney, politician, public servant and philanthropist.	Frederick Lippitt	politician
occupation	Noah Weston, better known as Soul Khan (born April 18, 1985) is an American songwriter, rapper, and retired battle rapper.	Soul Khan	rapper
occupation	Martin Gabel (June 19, 1912 -- May 22, 1986) was an American actor, film director and film producer.	Martin Gabel	actor
occupation	Galen Kelly (sometimes misspelled Galen Kelley in newspaper articles) is a private investigator and Cult Awareness Network-associated deprogrammer.	Galen Kelly	private investigator
original network	Husbands, Wives & Lovers is a CBS television sitcom that aired for only one season in 1978.	Husbands, Wives & Lovers	CBS
original network	Curb Appeal is a half-hour TV series that has aired on HGTV in the United States from 2002 to the present, exploring how a house's outside ``curb appeal'' will be updated.	Curb Appeal	HGTV
original network	Hum Aapke Ghar Mein Rehte Hain (Hindi: हम आपके घर में रहते हैं English: We live in your house) is an Indian comedy television series, which premiered on 10 August 2015 and broadcast on SAB TV.	Hum Aapke Ghar Mein Rehte Hain	SAB TV
original network	Gamble on Love is an American game show which ran on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network from July 16 to August 20, 1954.	Gamble on Love	DuMont Television Network
original network	In 2002, Comic Relief and BBC Sport teamed up to create Sport Relief, a new initiative, aiming to unite the sporting community and culminate in a night of sport, entertainment and fund-raising on BBC One.	Comic Relief	BBC One
original network	Retired at 35 is an American sitcom on TV Land starring George Segal, Jessica Walter, Johnathan McClain, Josh McDermitt, Marissa Jaret Winokur, and Ryan Michelle Bathe.	Retired at 35	TV Land
original network	Séptimo día (Spanish: ``Seventh day'') is a Colombian television newsmagazine broadcast by Caracol TV on Sunday evenings.	Séptimo día	Caracol TV
original network	Stryx was an Italian TV series, aired in 1978 on Rai 2.	Stryx	Rai 2
original network	Doomsday Preppers was an American reality television series that aired on the National Geographic Channel.	Doomsday Preppers	National Geographic Channel
original network	Big Daddy's House is a cooking show on the specialty channel Food Network.	Big Daddy's House	Food Network
parent taxon	Megasphaeroceras is an ammonite genus included in Sphaeroceratidae, a family of ammonoid cephalopods characterized by their sphaeroidal shells with markedly eccentric coiling, fine ribbing, and complex sutures, known from the lower middle Jurassic.	Megasphaeroceras	Sphaeroceratidae
parent taxon	The Acholeplasmatales are an order in the class Mollicutes, containing only one family, Acholeplasmataceae, comprising the genera Acholeplasma and Phytoplasma.	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasmatales
parent taxon	originally assigned Tanycolagreus to the Coeluridae.	Tanycolagreus	Coeluridae
parent taxon	Apterodromites saizi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Apterodromites.	Apterodromites	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Elymniini (true browns) are one of the large tribes of the browns subfamily (Satyrinae) in the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae).	Elymniini	Satyrinae
parent taxon	Urosaurus is a genus of lizards, commonly known as tree lizards or brush lizards, belonging to the New World iguanian family Phrynosomatidae.	Urosaurus	Phrynosomatidae
parent taxon	He placed Angustinaripterus into the Rhamphorhynchidae.	Angustinaripterus	Rhamphorhynchidae
parent taxon	Ciona is a genus of sea squirts in the family Cionidae.	Ciona	Cionidae
parent taxon	Electromyrmococcus is an extinct genus of mealybug in the Pseudococcidae subfamily Rhizoecinae.	Electromyrmococcus	Rhizoecinae
parent taxon	Leobordea is a genus of legumes in the family Fabaceae and the tribe Crotalarieae.	Leobordea	Crotalarieae
participant of	Khumujam Tombi Devi is an Indian judoka, who represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Khumujam Tombi Devi	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henri Pélissier (pronounced: (ɑ̃.ʁi pe.li.sje); 22 January 1889 -- 1 May 1935) was a French racing cyclist from Paris and champion of the 1923 Tour de France.	Henri Pélissier	Tour de France
participant of	Gezahegne Abera (Amharic: ገዛሄኘ አበራ; born April 23, 1978) is an Ethiopian athlete, winner of the marathon race at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Gezahegne Abera	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Miki Sasaki (佐々木 みき,Sasaki Miki, born December 15, 1976) is a former volleyball player from Japan, who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, wearing the #4 jersey.	Miki Sasaki	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Róbert Antal (German: Robert Adler, July 21, 1921 -- February 1, 1995) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Róbert Antal	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dmitry Gorshkov (born April 29, 1967 in Moscow) is a Russian water polo player who played on the silver medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal squads at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Dmitry Gorshkov	2000 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klaus-Dieter Seehaus (6 October 1942 in Hagen -- 10 February 1996 in Rostock) was a German football player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Klaus-Dieter Seehaus	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Nogler (28 February 1919, in Vienna, Austria -- 30 May 2011, in Sëlva, Italy) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Hans Nogler	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kim Clarke (born 31 January 1965) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Kim Clarke	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Diana Braynova-Dilova (Bulgarian: Диана Брайнова-Дилова) (born 1 January 1952) is a Bulgarian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Diana Braynova-Dilova	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paolo Cozzi (born May 26, 1980 in Milan) is a volleyball player from Italy, who won the silver medal with the Italian men's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Paolo Cozzi	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emmanuel Kakoko Etepé (Born 22 November 1950) is a former Congolese football forward player who represented Zaire in 1974 FIFA World Cup.	Kakoko Etepé	1974 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Sven Unger was a Swedish football forward who played for Sweden in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Sven Unger	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	La Década Prodigiosa (English: The Prodigious Decade), also known as La Década, is a Spanish music group formed in the mid-eighties that participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988.	La Década Prodigiosa	Eurovision Song Contest 1988
participant of	Kristina Richter (née Hochmuth, born October 24, 1946) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Kristina Richter	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kerry Wyborn (born 22 December 1977 in Auburn, New South Wales) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kerry Wyborn	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Snežana Hrepevnik (13 November 1948 -- 13 May 1981) was a Serbian high jumper who competed in the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.	Snežana Hrepevnik	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Schlagenhauf (born March 19, 1960) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey right winger who last played for GCK Lions in the National League B. He also represented the Swiss national team at several international tournaments, including the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Peter Schlagenhauf	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Fawzi Benkhalidi (born 3 February 1963) is an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.	Fawzi Benkhalidi	1986 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Sivert Mattsson (September 9, 1907, Edefors, Norrbotten -- March 20, 1999) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1932 Winter Olympics.	Sivert Mattsson	1932 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mladen Kuchev (Bulgarian: Младен Кучев) (born 29 January 1947) is a Bulgarian former weightlifter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Mladen Kuchev	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Géza Kiss (22 October 1882 -- 23 August 1952) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and 1906 Summer Olympics.	Géza Kiss	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stelios Dimotsios (born 13 November 1974) is a Greek former sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Stelios Dimotsios	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	SS-Scharführer Erich Fuchs (9 April 1902 -- 25 July 1980) was an SS Sergeant who worked for the Action T4 euthanasia program, and for the Operation Reinhard phase of the Holocaust.	Erich Fuchs	Action T4
participant of	Joseph Guimarães is a Brazilian Paralympic footballer that won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.	Joseph Guimarães	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Ulf Kvendbo (born 11 April 1948 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics.	Ulf Kvendbo	1968 Winter Olympics	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jean-Pierre Amat (born 13 June 1962 in Chambéry, Savoie) is a French sports shooter who competed and won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics, the small bore rifle, three positions.	Jean-Pierre Amat	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Trevor Barron (born September 30, 1992) is an American race walker who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing 26th in the 20 km race walk, the best American finish in history for the event.	Trevor Barron	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Diego Negri (born 16 April 1971) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Diego Negri	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maimuna Amadu Murasjko (Russian & Belarusian: Маймуна Амаду Мурашко; born 28 May 1980 in Saint Petersburg), known professionally as simply Maimuna, is a Belarusian violinist who represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Uzari with the song ``Time''.	Maimuna	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Epikouri was a Greek band formed in 1980 as backing vocalists for Anna Vissi when they represented their country in Eurovision Song Contest 1980 with the song ``Autostop.''	Epikouri	Eurovision Song Contest 1980
participant of	Paolo Salvi (22 November 1891 -- 12 January 1945) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Paolo Salvi	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ruslan Ashuraliyev (20 February 1950 in Ardon, North Ossetian ASSR -- 27 November 2009) was a Soviet wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Ruslan Ashuraliyev	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olena Ronzhyna-Morozova (Ukrainian: Ронжина-Морозова Олена Іванівна; born November 18, 1970 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Olena Ronzhyna	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simona Arghir Sandu (4 September 1948 -- 2 September 1995) was a Romanian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Simona Arghir	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Clay Mull (born 1979-09-29) is an American Olympic speed skater who competed in the team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Clay Mull	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Veikko Huuskonen (February 8, 1910, Helsinki -- June 3, 1973, age 63) was a Finnish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Veikko Huuskonen	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stanko Lorger (14 February 1931 -- 25 April 2014) was a Slovene hurdler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Stanko Lorger	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silvía Night was Iceland's participant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006.	Silvía Night	Eurovision Song Contest 2006
participant of	Sheila Sherwood (born Sheila Hilary Parkin, 22 October 1945 in Parson Cross, Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is a former international long jumper whose career highlights included a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico, and a gold medal at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh.	Sheila Sherwood	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Miwako Motoyoshi (born 21 December 1960) is a Japanese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Miwako Motoyoshi	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giorgio Bambini (24 February 1945 -- 13 November 2015) was an Italian heavyweight boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Giorgio Bambini	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Xavier Escudé Torrente (born May 17, 1966 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who won the silver medal with the Men's National Team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Xavier Escudé	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aldair was part of the Brazilian squad that took part at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.	Aldair	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Felix Cappella (January 24, 1930 in Fara Sabina -- February 26, 2011 in Newmarket, Ontario) was a race walker from Canada, who represented Canada at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	Felix Cappella	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zsuzsanna Szabó-Olgyai (born May 6, 1973 in Oroszlány) is a retired pole vaulter from Hungary, who represented her native country in the women's pole vault event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Zsuzsanna Szabó-Olgyai	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roland Wieser (born 6 May 1956, in Zschopau) is an East German racewalker who won the bronze medal in the 20 kilometer walk during the 1980 Summer Olympics with a time of 1:25:59 hours.	Roland Wieser	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Byron LaBeach (born 11 October 1930) is a retired Jamaican sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Byron LaBeach	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Teymour Ghiasi set a new Asian record during the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran which earned him a Gold medal.	Teymour Ghiasi	1974 Asian Games
participant of	Hrvoje Barić (born 21 July 1965) is a Croatian former swimmer who competed in the 100 m butterfly event of the 1984 Summer Olympics, where he was eliminated in the heats.	Hrvoje Barić	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Damien Climonet (born 27 March 1969) is retired French freestyle skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano.	Jean-Damien Climonet	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Vendramino Bariviera (25 October 1937 -- 23 November 2001) was an Italian racing cyclist who competed in the individual road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Vendramino Bariviera	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Per Arne Åhman (born 4 February 1925) is a retired Swedish athlete who won the triple jump event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Arne Åhman	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cinzia Cavazzuti (born 12 September 1973) is an Italian former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Cinzia Cavazzuti	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Claude Tollet (Roisel, 24 April 1949) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won stage 17 in the 1973 Tour de France.	Claude Tollet	Tour de France
participant of	Alfredo Yantorno (June 08, 1924 - July 28, 1963) was an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Alfredo Yantorno	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Brodmann (born April 24, 1966) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey forward who last played for EHC Chur in Switzerland's National League B. Brodmann has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments, including the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Mario Brodmann	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Peter Jurko (born 22 September 1967 in Nová Lesná) is a Slovak former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.	Peter Jurko	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Camillo Ugi (21 December 1884 in Leipzig -- 18 May 1970 in Markkleeberg, south of Leipzig) was a German football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Camillo Ugi	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Facinet Keita (born 23 March 1984 in Conakry, Guinea) is a Guinean judoka who competed in the Men's 100+ kg category at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Facinet Keita	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alireza Rezaei (Persian: علیرضا رضایی‎, born July 11, 1976 in Tehran) is a former Iranian wrestler who competed in the Men's Freestyle 120 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.	Alireza Rezaei	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Flat Iron was a First Nations lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics for Canada.	Flat Iron	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pontus Hanson (24 May 1894 -- 4 December 1962) was a Swedish water polo player and swimmer, who won a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke.	Pontus Hanson	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eugen Freiherr von Lotzbeck (February 24, 1882 in Munich -- May 22, 1942 in Assenhausen, Starnberg) was a German horse rider who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Eugen Freiherr von Lotzbeck	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jedrij Notz (born September 6, 1974) is a Swiss-born alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Jedrij Notz	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Maybelle Reichardt (later Hopkins, May 27, 1907 -- November 4, 1999) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Maybelle Reichardt	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elizabeth Valerie Davies (29 June 1912 -- August 2001), later known by her married name Valerie Latham, was a Welsh competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Valerie Davies	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annabelle Orme (born 9 March 1987) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Annabelle Orme	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arnoldo Pekelharing (born 1 July 1936) is an Argentine former sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Arnoldo Pekelharing	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lhendup Tshering (born 5 June 1947), is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Tshering competed for Bhutan at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles in the individual event where he finished 60th.	Lhendup Tshering	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frederick Beck (born 5 March 1873, date of death unknown) was a British wrestler who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Frederick Beck	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jerzy Nowicki (born 2 January 1933) is a Polish former sport shooter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Jerzy Nowicki	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pierpont Davis (December 27, 1884 -- July 15, 1953) was an American sailor who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Pierpont Davis	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ingrid Larsen (later Sabroe, 12 July 1912 -- 18 February 1997) was a Danish diver, born in Rudkøbing, who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Ingrid Larsen	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Courtens (born 3 August 1981), performing as Michelle, is a Dutch singer, who is known from her performance in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001.	Michelle Courtens	Eurovision Song Contest 2001
participant of	Thadathuvila Chandapillai Yohannan (born 19 May 1947), better known as T. C. Yohannan, is a former Indian long jumper who held the national record in long jump for nearly 3 decades and represented India in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	T. C. Yohannan	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katarína Poláková (born 30 December 1979 in Handlová) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Katarína Poláková	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	In 1995, Pekka Kuusisto became the first Finn to win the International Jean Sibelius Violin Competition and was also awarded a special prize for the best performance of Jean Sibelius' violin concerto.	Pekka Kuusisto	International Jean Sibelius Violin Competition
participant of	Anniara Muñoz Carrazana (born January 24, 1980) is a Cuban volleyball player who competed with the Cuba women's national volleyball team at the 2004 Summer Olympics winning the bronze medal.	Anniara Muñoz	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juri Yokoyama (横山 樹理 Yokoyama Juri, born March 9, 1955 in Kitakyushu) is a former volleyball player from Japan, who was a member of the Japan Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Juri Yokoyama	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frank Cumiskey (6 September 1912 -- 22 July 2004) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics, in the 1936 Summer Olympics, and in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Frank Cumiskey	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aníbal Santiago Acevedo (born April 28, 1971 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican boxer, who won a bronze medal in the welterweight division at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Aníbal Santiago Acevedo	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Schweifer (March 30, 1914 -- November 21, 1941) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Paul Schweifer	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Ruthven (née McKendry, born 18 June 1967) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics, 1992 Winter Olympics, and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Michelle Ruthven	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Marius Jaccard (March 27, 1898 -- January 19, 1978) was a Swiss ice hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Marius Jaccard	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Bahar Doğan represented Turkey at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in the marathon event finishing 50th.	Bahar Doğan	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Bietila (12 February 1916 -- 21 March 1996) was an American ski jumper who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Walter Bietila	1936 Winter Olympics	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kálmán Markovits (August 26, 1931 -- December 5, 2009) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, 1956 Summer Olympics, and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Kálmán Markovits	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Neil Covone (born August 31, 1969 in Hialeah, Florida is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder. He played five games for the United States men's national soccer team and was a member of the U.S. team at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.	Neil Covone	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Tomaž Cerkovnik (29 June 1960 -- 26 July 2004) was a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Winter Olympics.	Tomaž Cerkovnik	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Latino Galasso (25 August 1898 -- 29 July 1949) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Latino Galasso	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Li Xiaoyong (born 28 November 1969) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Li Xiaoyong	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Xie Yuxin was called up for the national team to play Football at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Xie Yuxin	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dorotea Turnbull is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Dorotea Turnbull	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jonathan Garcia (born December 14, 1986) is an American speed skater who is scheduled to compete in the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Jonathan Garcia	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Francisco Risiglione (born January 18, 1917) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Francisco Risiglione	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bernard Aryee (born 23 April 1973) is a football player from Ghana, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Bernard Aryee	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Markus Larsson (born 9 January 1979) is a Swedish alpine skier who took part in the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics.	Markus Larsson	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Flemming Gert Nielsen, known simply as Flemming Nielsen, (born 24 February 1934) is a Danish former football player in the midfielder position, who won a silver medal with the Denmark national football team at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Flemming Nielsen	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Klics (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈfɛrɛnts ˈklitʃ); 20 January 1924 -- 25 April 1993) was a Hungarian athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, 1952 Summer Olympics, 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Ferenc Klics	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aldo Dezi (born 26 June 1939) is a retired Italian sprint canoer who won a C-2 1000 m silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics, together with Francesco La Macchia.	Aldo Dezi	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Boujemaa Benkhrif (Arabic: بوجمعة بنخريف‎; born 1947) is a Moroccan football defender who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.	Boujemaa Benkhrif	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Naoko Imoto (井本直歩子 Imoto Naoko, born May 20, 1976) is a former freestyle swimmer from Japan, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Naoko Imoto	1996 Summer Olympics
place of death	Vang Sue was born on 30 January 1945, in Xieng Khouang, Laos to KiaPao Vang (father) and Ying Xiong (mother).	Vang Sue	Laos
place of death	The James Bridges Theater at University of California, Los Angeles was named in his honor in November 1999.	James Bridges	Los Angeles
place of death	Tamás Lossonczy (12 August 1904 -- 3 November 2009) was a Hungarian abstract painter born in Budapest.	Tamás Lossonczy	Budapest
place of death	Dorothy LaBostrie Black died while visiting friends in Atlanta, Georgia on 4 November 2007, aged 79.	Dorothy LaBostrie	Atlanta
place of death	Pauline Auzou (March 24, 1775 -- May 15, 1835) was a French painter and art instructor, who exhibited at the Paris Salon and was commissioned to make paintings of Napoleon and his wife Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma.	Pauline Auzou	Paris
place of death	Count Mihály Viczay de Loós et Hédervár (July 25, 1757 -- March 18, 1831) was a Hungarian numismatist, amateur archaeologist, collector.	Mihály Viczay	Hédervár
place of death	Jin Yan (April 7, 1910 -- December 27, 1983) was a Korean-born actor who gained fame in China during the country's golden age of cinema, based in Shanghai.	Jin Yan	Shanghai
place of death	With the establishment of the People's Republic of China, both Li Fuchun and Cai Chang were transferred to Beijing.	Li Fuchun	Beijing
place of death	Friedrich Heinrich Adolf Bernhard Marx (15 March 1795, Halle -- 17 May 1866, Berlin) was a German composer, musical theorist and critic.	Adolf Bernhard Marx	Berlin
place of death	Adolf Theuer (sometimes given as Teuer) (20 September 1920 in Henneborg-Bolatitz, today borough of Borová, Bolatice, Opava District -- 23 April 1947 in Opava) was an SS-Unterscharführer at Auschwitz concentration camp.	Adolf Theuer	Opava
position held	Joseph Edgard Montegut was the 15th mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, serving from May 13, 1844, to April 5, 1846.	Joseph Edgard Montegut	mayor of New Orleans
position held	Maol Choluim de Innerpeffray was a 14th-century bishop-elect of Dunkeld.	Maol Choluim de Innerpeffray	bishop
position held	William Shiels (3 December 1848 -- 17 December 1904) was an Australian colonial-era politician, serving as the 16th Premier of Victoria.	William Shiels	Premier of Victoria
position held	Timothée Malendoma (1935 -- 12 December 2010) was a Central African politician who served as the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 4 December 1992 to 26 February 1993.	Timothée Malendoma	Prime Minister of the Central African Republic
position held	Rafael Pinhasi (Hebrew: רפאל פנחסי‎, born 1940) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Communications between 1990 and 1992.	Rafael Pinhasi	Minister of Communications
position held	Fong Chi Chung (born 1968) is the founder, owner and current chief executive officer of Putien Holdings Singapore, the parent company behind the successful and popular Putien restaurant branches, which serves authentic Heng Hwa cuisine.	Fong Chi Chung	chief executive officer
position held	Quintus Minucius Thermus (died 188 BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 193 BC. In 202, Minucius Thermus may have been the military tribune named Thermus who served in Africa under Scipio Africanus.	Quintus Minucius Thermus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Lawrence A. Sheridan, known as Buster Sheridan (December 15, 1919 -- April 9, 2001), was from 1960-1988 a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from the village of Angie in Washington Parish, the most easterly of the Florida Parishes of southeastern Louisiana.	Lawrence A. Sheridan	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	In 1980, Zail Singh was elected to the 7th Lok Sabha, and appointed to join Indira Gandhi's cabinet as Minister of Home Affairs.	Zail Singh	Minister of Home Affairs
position held	Juan de Zúñiga Flores (d. 20 December 1602) was Bishop of Cartagena from 24 January 1600 until his death, and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 29 July 1602 until his death.	Juan de Zúñiga Flores	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Caddy McKeown is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing the 9th District.	Caddy McKeown	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Edward B. McKenna was a Democratic member of the Michigan Senate (1933--1934).	Edward B. McKenna	member of the Michigan Senate
position held	Jan Graubner (Born August 29, 1948) is the Roman Catholic archbishop of Olomouc, Czech Republic.	Jan Graubner	archbishop
position held	William Paca (October 31, 1740 -- October 23, 1799) was a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland, and later Governor of Maryland and a United States federal judge.	William Paca	Governor of Maryland
position held	Françoise Laborde (born 8 July 1958) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Haute Garonne département.	Françoise Laborde	member of the Senate of France
position held	Théodore-Augustin Forcade (1816-1885) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop.	Théodore-Augustin Forcade	archbishop
position held	Pierre-Eugène Rouanet, S.M.A. (16 November 1917 -- 4 February 2012) was a French bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Pierre-Eugène Rouanet	bishop
position held	Joseph Abel Francis, S.V.D. (September 30, 1923 -- September 1, 1997) was a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	Joseph Abel Francis	bishop
position held	Joel Parker (November 24, 1816 -- January 2, 1888) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served as the 20th Governor of New Jersey from 1863 to 1866, and again from 1872 to 1875.	Joel Parker	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Sheila Dikshit (née Kapoor; occasionally anglicised Dixit; born 31 March 1938) is an Indian politician who was the Chief Minister of Delhi from 1998 to 2013.	Sheila Dikshit	Chief Minister of Delhi
position held	Stefan Oster (born 3 June 1965) is a German bishop of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as the 85th Bishop of Passau.	Stefan Oster	bishop
position held	Edward O'Rourke, full name Eduard Alexander Ladislaus Graf (Count) O'Rourke (Polish: Edward Aleksander Władysław O'Rourke; October 26, 1876 in Minsk -- June 27, 1943) was a Roman Catholic priest, bishop of Riga and the first head of the bishopric of the Free City of Danzig (Gdańsk).	Edward O'Rourke	bishop
position held	Robert Arrigo (born December 4, 1954, in Sliema) is a Maltese politician currently a Member of the House of Representatives of Malta for the Government.	Robert Arrigo	Member of the House of Representatives of Malta
position held	Robin Belcher is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 10th District from May 2009 to December 2010.	Robin Belcher	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Tshering Tobgay (born 19 September 1965) is a Bhutanese politician who has been the Prime Minister of Bhutan since 2013.	Tshering Tobgay	Prime Minister of Bhutan
position held	John Louis of Elderen (Fr.: Jean Louis d’Elderen) (29 September 1620 -- 1 February 1694) was bishop of Liège during the opening years of the War of the Grand Alliance.	John Louis of Elderen	bishop
position held	William Sprague IV (September 12, 1830 -- September 11, 1915) was the 27th Governor of Rhode Island from 1860 to 1863, and U.S. Senator from 1863 to 1875.	William Sprague IV	Governor of Rhode Island
position held	James McNeill (27 March 1869 -- 12 December 1938) was an Irish politician and diplomat, who served as first High Commissioner to London and second Governor-General of the Irish Free State.	James McNeill	Governor-General of the Irish Free State
position held	Alonso III Fonseca (Santiago de Compostela, 1475--1534) was a Galician archbishop and politician.	Alonso III Fonseca	archbishop
position held	Lambert of St-Bertin was a French Benedictine chronicler and abbot.	Lambert of St-Bertin	abbot
position held	Paolo Magnani (born December 31, 1926 in Pieve Porto Morone) is the emeritus bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Treviso.	Paolo Magnani	bishop
position held	Therese Murray (born October 10, 1947 in Boston) is an American politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate from 2007 to 2015.	Therese Murray	President of the Massachusetts Senate
position held	Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo (1658 at Venice -- 1730) was an Italian cardinal and nephew of Saint Gregorio Barbarigo (1625--97).	Giovanni Francesco Barbarigo	cardinal
position held	David Ben-Gurion (Hebrew: דָּוִד בֶּן-גּוּרִיּוֹן‎; pronounced (daˈvɪd ben gurˈjo:n), born David Grün; 16 October 1886, Płońsk, Poland -- 1 December 1973, Tel Aviv, Israel) was the primary founder of the State of Israel and the first Prime Minister of Israel.	David Ben-Gurion	Prime Minister of Israel
position held	Alois Josef, Freiherr von Schrenk und Nötzig (in Czech, Aloys Josef svobodný pán Schrenk z Notzing) (24 March 1802 -- 5 March 1849) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Prague from 1838 to 1849.	Alois Josef, Freiherr von Schrenk	archbishop
position held	David J. Steil was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 31st District and was elected in 1992.	David J. Steil	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Sir Neil Elliott Lewis, KCMG (27 October 1858 -- 22 September 1935), Australian politician, was Premier of Tasmania on three occasions.	Elliott Lewis	Premier of Tasmania
position held	From 1960 till his retirement in 1969 Luitpold Steidle was mayor of Weimar, where afterwards he continued to live.	Luitpold Steidle	mayor
position held	Harmon Caldwell Drew (February 16, 1889 -- September 1, 1950) was a lawyer from Minden, Louisiana, who served prior to 1945 as the district attorney of Bossier and Webster parishes and then as a judge of both the district and the state appeal courts.	Harmon Caldwell Drew	district attorney
position held	Barbara Sykes is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 44th District from to 2006.	Barbara Sykes	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Frederick Coutts, CBE (21 September 1899 -- 6 February 1986) was the 8th General of The Salvation Army (1963-1969).	Frederick Coutts	General of The Salvation Army
position held	Louis the Blind (c. 880 -- 28 June 928) was the king of Provence from 11 January 887, King of Italy from 12 October 900, and briefly Holy Roman Emperor, as Louis III, between 901 and 905.	Louis the Blind	Holy Roman Emperor
position held	Catherine Tasca (born 13 December 1941 in Lyon) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Yvelines department.	Catherine Tasca	member of the Senate of France
position held	Ashta Bhuja Prasad Shukla was a B.J.P. member of the Lok Sabha from Khalilabad Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ashta Bhuja Prasad Shukla	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Jim Gotto (b. September 25, 1949 in Nashville) was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 60th District; previously he served on the Metropolitan Council of Nashville and Davidson County, representing the 12th district.	Jim Gotto	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Csilla Hegedüs (born September 9, 1967) is a Romanian politician and member of the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania who served as Minister of Culture and Deputy Prime Minister in the Victor Ponta cabinet from November to December 2014.	Csilla Hegedüs	Minister of Culture
position held	Louis Grech (born 22 March 1947) is a Maltese politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Malta, as well as Minister of European Affairs, since 2013.	Louis Grech	Deputy Prime Minister of Malta
position held	Eurico Gaspar Dutra (Portuguese: (ewˈɾiku ɡasˈpaɾ ˈdutrɐ); May 18, 1883 -- June 11, 1974), was a Brazilian marshal, politician and President of Brazil from 1946 to 1951.	Eurico Gaspar Dutra	President of Brazil
position held	Mieko Kobayashi (小林 美恵子 Kobayashi Mieko) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Councillors for the Japanese Communist Party.	Mieko Kobayashi	member of the House of Councillors
position held	Sir John Morison Gibson, KCMG, KC (January 1, 1842 -- June 3, 1929) was a Canadian politician and the tenth Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.	John Morison Gibson	Lieutenant Governor of Ontario
position held	Andrés Narvarte Pimentel (1781 -- 1853) was President of Venezuela as interim caretaker (1836-1837).	Andrés Narvarte	President of Venezuela
position held	Camilo Osías (March 23, 1889 Balaoan, La Union - May 20, 1976 Manila) was a Filipino politician, twice for a short time President of the Senate of the Philippines.	Camilo Osías	President of the Senate of the Philippines
position held	Rutilio del Riego Jáñez (born September 21, 1940) is a Spanish-born American Roman Catholic bishop.	Rutilio del Riego Jáñez	bishop
position held	Dina Neal (born in 1972 in Las Vegas, Nevada), is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly, serving since February 7, 2011.	Dina Neal	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Korrek is a young warrior king of the extra-dimensional barbarian land of Katharta, and became the companion of the sorcerers Dakimh and Jennifer Kale.	Korrek	king
position held	Erich Vagts (February 9, 1896 in Cuxhaven - February 20, 1980 in Bremen) was a German politician, senator and former mayor of the City of Bremen.	Erich Vagts	mayor
position held	Lynn Slaby is a Republican politician who served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2011 to 2012.	Lynn Slaby	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Clarence James Duhart (March 23, 1912 -- September 21, 1998) was a 20th-century American born bishop in the Catholic Church.	Clarence James Duhart	bishop
position held	Saint Ceneu (Old Welsh: Keneu) was an early bishop of Menevia (St Davids) in Wales.	Ceneu	bishop
position held	Lorenzo Priuli (1489 -- 17 August 1559) was the 82nd Doge of Venice.	Lorenzo Priuli	Doge of Venice
position held	Consuelo Femenía (Jávea, June 17, 1965) is a Spanish diplomat and former ambassador.	Consuelo Femenía	ambassador
position held	Ștefan Golescu (1809 -- 1874) was a Wallachian Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs for two terms from 1 March 1867 to 5 August 1867 and from 13 November 1867 to 30 April 1868, and as Prime Minister of Romania between 26 November 1867 and 12 May 1868.	Ștefan Golescu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Jill Billings (born January 19, 1962) is a former teacher, member of the La Crosse County board of supervisors, and Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, first elected to represent the 95th district in a 2011 special election.	Jill Billings	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Cayetano Redondo Aceña (1885, Segovia--21 May 1940, Madrid), Spanish politician, journalist, and mayor of Madrid during the Spanish Civil War - from November 1936 to May 1937).	Cayetano Redondo Aceña	mayor
position held	Saint Brioc (Breton:Brieg; Welsh: Briog; Cornish: Breock; French: Brieuc; died c. 502) was a 5th-century Welsh holy man who became the first abbot of Saint-Brieuc in Brittany.	Saint Brioc	abbot
position held	Menkare was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh, the first or second ruler of the combined 7th/8th Dynasty, depending on the scholar.	Menkare	pharaoh
position held	Ralph Norman Bauer, sometimes known as R. Norman Bauer (May 1899 - March 13, 1963), was a lawyer from Franklin in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, who served as a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1928 to 1936 and again from 1940 to 1948.	Ralph Norman Bauer	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Pablo Muñoz Vega S.J. (23 May 1903 -- 3 June 1994), was an Ecuadorian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and served as the Archbishop of Quito.	Pablo Muñoz Vega	cardinal
position held	Páll Jónsson (1155 -- November 29, 1211) was an Icelandic Roman Catholic clergyman, who became the seventh bishop of Iceland from 1195 to 1211.	Páll Jónsson	bishop
position held	Renato Cuellar (1927-2001) was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1987 until 1997.	Renato Cuellar	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Irakli Garibashvili (Georgian: ირაკლი ღარიბაშვილი, also transliterated as Gharibashvili; born June 28, 1982) was the Prime Minister of Georgia from November 20, 2013 until his resignation on December 29, 2015, and is a former business executive.	Irakli Garibashvili	Prime Minister of Georgia
position held	Hein Hoyer (lat. Hinricus Hoyeri) (c. 1380 in Hamburg -- 12 May 1447 in ibid) was a German statesman and mayor of Hamburg.	Hein Hoyer	mayor
position held	Charles Arthur Brown, M.M. (August 20, 1919 -- May 14, 1997) was an American-born Catholic missionary and bishop.	Charles Arthur Brown	bishop
position held	Jürgen Ruhfus (born August 4, 1930 Bochum) is a German lawyer, diplomat, West German Ambassador to the United States, German Ambassador to the United States and Secretary of State.	Jürgen Ruhfus	German Ambassador to the United States
position held	Jay Bowerman (August 15, 1876 -- October 25, 1957) was an American politician who served as the 13th Governor of Oregon.	Jay Bowerman	Governor of Oregon
position held	Jean-Paul Virapoullé (Tamil: ழான் பால் வீரபிள்ளை) (born 15 March 1944 in Bras-Panon, Réunion) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Réunion.	Jean-Paul Virapoullé	member of the Senate of France
position held	Abdul Aziz Duwaik ( pronunciation ABH-dehl ah-ZEEZ doo-WAYK Arabic: عزيز دويك‎ ʿAzīz Dowēk) (born January 12, 1948) has been the Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC) since his election to that post on 18 January 2006.	Aziz Duwaik	Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council
position held	Major-General Chaim Herzog (Hebrew: חיים הרצוג‎; 17 September 1918 -- 17 April 1997) was an Israeli politician, general, lawyer and author who served as the sixth President of Israel between 1983 and 1993.	Chaim Herzog	President of Israel
position held	Jeffrey Manning (died February 13, 2004) was a county prosecutor and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives.	Jeffrey Manning	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Arthur Drewry, CBE (3 March 1891 -- 25 March 1961) was an English football administrator who served as the fifth president of FIFA, the world governing body of association football, from 1955 to 1961.	Arthur Drewry	president of FIFA
position held	Zevulun Orlev (Hebrew: זבולון אורלב‎, born 9 November 1945) is an Israeli politician and a former Knesset member, Minister of Welfare & Social Services and leader of the National Religious Party.	Zevulun Orlev	Knesset member
position held	On November 13, 2013, Criser's eldest son, Marshall Criser III, was selected as the next Chancellor of the State University System of Florida.	Marshall Criser	Chancellor
position held	Henry Bodenstab was an American lawyer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who spent four years as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.	Henry Bodenstab	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Although the title was not coined until after her death, Martha Washington is considered to be the first First Lady of the United States.	Martha Washington	First Lady of the United States
position held	Elisha Pearl (March 7, 1819 -- November 20, 1896) was an American farmer from Lisbon, Wisconsin who served one term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Waukesha County, Wisconsin.	Elisha Pearl	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Leo Ferdinand Dworschak (April 6, 1900 -- November 5, 1976) was the fourth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fargo, in Fargo, North Dakota.	Leo Ferdinand Dworschak	bishop
position played on team / speciality	Emil Hallfreðsson (born 29 June 1984) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a central midfielder or left winger for Serie A club Udinese.	Emil Hallfreðsson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Veber played on the position goalkeeper to several teams, including Moldova Chișinău.	Vladimir Veber	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Radivojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Радивојевић; born 4 February 1986 in Loznica) is Serbian midfielder who last played for Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Vladimir Radivojević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Naw Ar Lo Wer Phaw is a footballer from Burma who currently plays as a forward.	Naw Ar Lo Wer Phaw	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ben Dragavon (born December 31, 1983 in Monroe, Washington) is a former American soccer player who is currently a goalkeeper coach for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League.	Ben Dragavon	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan Vicente Lezcano López (5 April 1937 -- 6 February 2012); was a Paraguayan football defender.	Juan Vicente Lezcano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Beñat Etxebarria Urkiaga (Basque: (beɲat etʃeβaria urkiaɣa), Spanish: (beˈɲat etʃeβaˈri.a urˈkjaɣa); born 19 February 1987), known simply as Beñat, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central midfielder.	Beñat Etxebarria	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yevhen Pisotskyi (Ukrainian: Євген Валерійович Пісоцький; born 22 April 1987 in Zaporizhya, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian midfielder.	Yevhen Pisotskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	William Camenzuli (born 11 February 1979 in Gżira, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Second Division side Zebbug Rangers, where he plays as a defender.	William Camenzuli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Pascal Fontaine (born September 11, 1989 in Saint-Louis, Réunion) is a French midfielder currently playing for Ligue 2 side Le Havre AC.	Jean-Pascal Fontaine	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Edjogo-Owono Montalbán (born 21 April 1984), known simply as Alberto, is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for Spanish club UA Horta as a forward.	Alberto Edjogo-Owono	forward
position played on team / speciality	Patricio Julián Rodríguez (born 4 May 1990), sometimes referred as Pato Rodríguez or Patito Rodríguez, is an Argentine footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santos as an attacking midfielder.	Patito Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emanuel Centurión (born 25 August 1982 in Lomas de Zamora) is an Argentine football midfielder, currently playing for Sud América in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Emanuel Centurión	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clemens Arnold (born 31 January 1978 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Germany, who was born in Australia.	Clemens Arnold	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ozan Evrim Özenç (born 7 January 1993, in Konak) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish Süper Lig club Antalyaspor .	Ozan Evrim Özenç	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hashem Beikzadeh (Persian: هاشم بیک زاده‎‎, born January 22, 1984 in Tehran) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Zob Ahan in Persian Gulf Pro League and Iran national football team.	Hashem Beikzadeh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Dasent (born 12 October 1988) is a football defender who currently plays for Liga Panameña de Fútbol side Independiente La Chorrera.	Eduardo Dasent	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mauricio Vincello (born August 19, 1977 in Salto, Misiones Province, Argentina) is an Argentine former football defender.	Mauricio Vincello	defender
position played on team / speciality	David Generelo Miranda (born 11 August 1982) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.	David Generelo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Pinamonte (born 9 May 1978) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder and forward for Brindisi.	Lorenzo Pinamonte	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artjom Dmitrijev (born 14 November 1988) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a striker and midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Nõmme Kalju and the Estonia national football team.	Artjom Dmitrijev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reggie Arosemena Henríquez (born 9 September 1986 in Panama City, Panama) is a football midfielder who most recently played in Panama for Liga Panameña de Futbol team Alianza.	Reggie Arosemena	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Billal Sebaihi (born May 31, 1992) is a French-Algerian footballer that plays as an attacking midfielder for Tondela, on loan from Estoril.	Billal Sebaihi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Oliveira de Bittencourt (born 20 March 1983 in Canoas), commonly known as Diguinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Vasco da Gama.	Diguinho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Todor Nedelev (Bulgarian: Тодор Неделев; born 7 February 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a winger or attacking midfielder for Botev Plovdiv.	Todor Nedelev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Burák (born 17 September 1978 in Nitra) is a Slovak football defender who played for FC Nitra, Artmedia Petržalka and FC Nitra.	Peter Burák	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maria dela Cruz is a Filipino-American international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Maria dela Cruz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rildo de Andrade Felicissimo (born 20 March 1989), simply known as Rildo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Corinthians, on loan from Ponte Preta.	Rildo de Andrade Felicissimo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Roux (born June 27, 1973 in Nancy, France) is a former French goalkeeper.	Frédéric Roux	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Roberto de Oliveira, or simply Zé Roberto (born 9 December 1980 in Itumbiara), is a Brazilian association footballer, who plays as an attacking midfielder for Botafogo (SP).	José Roberto de Oliveira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdul-Jabar Hashim Hanoon (born 1 January 1970) is an Iraqi football defender who played for the Iraq national football team in the 2000 Asian Cup.	Abdul-Jabar Hashim Hanoon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonello Cuccureddu (born 4 October 1949) is an Italian association football coach and former player who played as a defender.	Antonello Cuccureddu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brian Goudie (born November 9, 1972) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman/enforcer and coach.	Brian Goudie	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Igor Nenezić (born 23 March 1984 in) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rah Ahan in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Igor Nenezić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Goran Šukalo (born 24 August 1981) is a Slovenian midfielder who currently plays for 1860 Munich.	Goran Šukalo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Josip Butić (born 12 December 1974) is a retired Croatian football midfielder and manager who is currently managing Zadar in Croatia's Croatian Second League.	Josip Butić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artem Butenin (Ukrainian: Артем Олексійович Бутенін, born 3 October 1989 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv.	Artem Butenin	defender
position played on team / speciality	William Amorim Martins de Menezes commonly known as William Menezes (born 5 April 1989) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Coritiba Foot Ball Club.	William Menezes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Klaus Lindenberger (born 28 May 1957 in Linz, Austria) is a retired Austrian football goalkeeper and last manager of Austrian Bundesliga side LASK Linz.	Klaus Lindenberger	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stephanie Puckrin (born 22 August 1979) is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.	Stephanie Puckrin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rok Stipčević (born May 20, 1986) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Dinamo Sassari of the Lega Basket Serie A. Standing at 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in), he plays at the point guard position.	Rok Stipčević	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Yuriy Martyshchuk (Ukrainian: Юрій Васильович Мартищук; born 22 April 1986 in Kolomyia) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yuriy Martyshchuk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Before became second choice goalkeeper in UEFA Euro 2004 qualifying, Romanenco played 6 games in 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA) Denis Romanenco was one of the 11 Moldovian football players challenged and beaten by Tony Hawkes and features in his book Playing the Moldovans at Tennis.	Denis Romanenco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ariel Matías García (born 22 October 1991 in Bell Ville), is an Argentine footballer who plays for Gimnasia de La Plata as a midfielder.	Ariel Matías García	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marc De Clerck (born 27 December 1949) is a Belgian former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Ghent, FC Twente, Go Ahead Eagles, Aberdeen and SC Heracles.	Marc De Clerck	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cahit Paşa (born August 25, 1973 in Kardzhali, Bulgaria) is a Turkish retired midfielder.	Cahit Paşa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Şanver Göymen (born 22 January 1967 in Samsun) is a former Turkish football goalkeeper	Şanver Göymen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Mišković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Мишковић; born 13 October 1975) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Nenad Mišković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Máximo Orlando Banguera Valdivieso (born December 16, 1985 in Guayaquil, Ecuador), known as Máximo Banguera, is a goalkeeper who plays dead in the Ecuadorian Serie A and the Ecuador national team.	Máximo Banguera	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arūnas Mika (born 11 November 1970) is a retired Lithuanian football defender, who last played for Sakalas Siauliai.	Arūnas Mika	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Willams da Silva Mendonça (born 5 August 1983), known as Willams, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club AD Fafe as a left midfielder.	Willams da Silva Mendonça	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Graeme Hedley (born 1 March 1957) is an English former footballer who made 107 appearances in the Football League playing as a midfielder for Middlesbrough, Sheffield Wednesday, Darlington, York City and Hartlepool United.	Graeme Hedley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Aexandre Torres (born 22 August 1966 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Alexandre Torres, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a defender.	Alexandre Torres	defender
position played on team / speciality	César Palacios Chocarro (born 19 October 1974) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder.	César Palacios	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edwin Gyimah (born 9 March 1991) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays in the South African Premier Soccer League for Orlando Pirates, as a defender and midfielder.	Edwin Gyimah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicolas Cloarec (born 24 July 1977) is a French former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Nicolas Cloarec	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Barbieri, full name Jorge Luiz Barbieri (born May 1, 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder.	Jorge Luiz Barbieri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ilian Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Илиaн Стоянов) (born 20 January 1977) is a former Bulgarian football defender.	Ilian Stoyanov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damir Šovšić (born 5 February 1990) is a Bosnian-born Croatian football midfielder, currently playing for Dinamo Zagreb in the Croatian First League.	Damir Šovšić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Amado Djaló Taritolay (born 8 October 1993), simply known as Marcelo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Girona FC, on loan from Juventus F.C., as a central defender.	Marcelo Amado Djaló Taritolay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Glenn Ramsay (born January 20, 1935 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who played 19 seasons in the IHL (1956--74).	Glenn Ramsay	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	László Bodnár (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈlaːsloː ˈbodnaːr); born 25 February 1979 in Mátészalka) is a Hungarian football defender.	László Bodnár	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kanischka Taher (born 4 April 1991) is an Afghan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kapellen-Erft and the Afghanistan national football team.	Kanischka Taher	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Ntuka (10 May 1985 -- 21 January 2012) was a South African footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender.	Jeffrey Ntuka	defender
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Scaglia (born 21 May 1977) is an Italian defender.	Massimiliano Scaglia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdullah Al Shemali(born 18 June 1988 in Kuwait City) is a Kuwaiti football midfielder, who plays forthe Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Arabi.	Abdullah Al Shemali	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Mateus Ximenes (born January 6, 1986) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Vemasse Python and the Timor-Leste national team.	Carlos Mateus Ximenes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Sánchez Cipitria (born 12 September 1971 in Madrid), known simply as Fernando, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left midfielder.	Fernando Sánchez Cipitria	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xherdan Shaqiri (Albanian pronunciation: (dʒɛrˈdan ʃaˈciɾi); born 10 October 1991) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Stoke City, and the Switzerland national team.	Xherdan Shaqiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bernard Malanda-Adje (28 August 1994 -- 10 January 2015), nicknamed Junior Malanda, was a Belgian professional footballer who last played for German club VfL Wolfsburg as a defensive midfielder.	Junior Malanda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikos Christidis(born 18 September 1944) is a former Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Nikos Christidis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adolfo Bautista Herrera known as El Bofo (born May 15, 1979) is a Mexican football forward who is currently playing for the Chicago mustangs in the MASL.	Adolfo Bautista	forward
position played on team / speciality	Georgy Gelashvili (Russian: Гео́ргий Како́евич Гелашви́ли, Georgian: გიორგი გელაშვილი, born August 30, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender.	Georgy Gelashvili	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Muslin (born 17 June 1985) is a French-Serbian football midfielder who plays for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.	Marko Muslin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Kljajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Кљајић, born 12 October 1963) is a retired Serbian football defender.	Dušan Kljajić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivanílton Sérgio Guedes, usually known as Sérgio Guedes (born November 7, 1962), is a Brazilian football manager and former goalkeeper.	Sérgio Guedes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Bozhanov (Bulgarian: Георги Божанов) (born 7 October 1988 in Velingrad) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Minyor Pernik.	Georgi Bozhanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sérgio Luís de Araújo, usually called as Sérgio (born 11 May 1970 in Kaloré, Paraná), is a Brazilian football player at the position of goalkeeper.	Sérgio Luís de Araújo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Cosgrove (born 29 December 1980 in Glasgow), is a Scottish footballer, who plays as a midfielder.	Stephen Cosgrove	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mátyás Vedres (April 18, 1943 -- May 23, 2009) was a former Hungarian ice hockey goaltender.	Mátyás Vedres	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Joel Chukwuma Obi (born 22 May 1991) known as Joel Obi, is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Torino and the Nigerian national team.	Joel Obi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edson José Valandro, popularly known as Edson Gaúcho, (born 6 June 1955 in Caxias do Sul) is a retired Brazilian professional football player, who played as a defender and is currently a manager.	Edson Gaúcho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Everson Fernando Gomes, commonly known as Gomes, (born 18 September 1993, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Guaratinguetá on loan from Corinthians as a defensive midfielder.	Everson Fernando Gomes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Leach (born 5 January 1986) is an Australian former footballer who last played for Football League Two club Barnet as a defender.	Daniel Leach	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rick Celebrini is a retired Canadian soccer defender who is the physiotherapist and head of sports medicine & science for the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer.	Rick Celebrini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brian Petrovek (born March 24, 1955) is an American former ice hockey goaltender.	Brian Petrovek	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Ismail Yunos (born 24 October 1986) is a Singaporean centre-back who plays for S-League side Home United and the Singapore national football team.	Ismail Yunos	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	David Batty (born 2 December 1968) is an English retired professional footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.	David Batty	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Domingues Barbosa (born 24 August 1983 in Vitória da Conquista), known as Leandro Domingues, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Vitória.	Leandro Domingues	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sava Paunović (Serbian: Сава Пауновић; born 1947) is a former football forward who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Sava Paunović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Souliya Syphasay (born 18 December 1993 in Vientiane, Laos) is Laoian footballer who plays for home town club Ezra in Lao League as a defender.	Souliya Syphasay	defender
position played on team / speciality	Simone Colombi (born 1 July 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Palermo, on loan from Cagliari.	Simone Colombi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Colin Mackleworth (born 24 March 1947 in Bow, London) is a former footballer who played for West Ham United and Leicester City as a goalkeeper.	Colin Mackleworth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sherko Karim Lateef Gubari (Arabic: شيركو كريم لطيف‎ , born May 25, 1996 in Iraq) is an Iraqi forward who currently plays for Swiss Super League club Grasshoppers.	Sherko Karim	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alexandru Ciucur (born 1 March 1990 in Dorohoi) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Pandurii Târgu Jiu as a right midfielder.	Alexandru Ciucur	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Bush (25 April 1925 -- 25 August 2008) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger and inside forward for Bristol Rovers.	Bryan Bush	forward
position played on team / speciality	Khalefa Ahmed Mohamed is a Sudanese defender playing for the Sudanese club Al-Hilal Omdurman in the Sudan Premier League.	Khalefa Ahmed Mohamed	defender
position played on team / speciality	John O'Mara (born 19 March 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward.	John O'Mara	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luis Enrique Robles Ramirez (born 22 September 1986 in Amacueca) is a Mexican footballer, who is a defender for Puebla F.C. of Liga MX.	Luis Enrique Robles	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chris Crowe (11 June 1939 -- 30 April 2003) was an English international footballer who played as an inside forward and outside right	Chris Crowe	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Gary DeLong is an American former soccer goalkeeper.	Gary DeLong	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ian Bowling (born 27 July 1965 in Sheffield, England) is an English former professional footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Ian Bowling	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Frangos (Greek: Ανδρέας Φράγκος, born 19 January 1997) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for AEL Limassol as a midfielder.	Andreas Frangos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Teofil Codreanu (1 February 1941 -- 10 January 2016) was a Romanian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Teofil Codreanu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomislav Ivković (born 11 August 1960) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a manager.	Tomislav Ivković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Evandro Teixeira Magalhães or simply Evandro (born December 1, 1986 in Juiz de Fora), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Evandro Teixeira Magalhães	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Koudas (Greek: Γιώργος Κούδας) is a retired attacking football midfielder.	Giorgos Koudas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Božidar Senčar (1927--1987) was a Croatian football midfielder who started playing for his hometown club Dinamo Zagreb in Yugoslav First League in 1946.	Božidar Senčar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yannick Kakoko (born 26 January 1990 in Saarbrücken) is a German footballer of Congolese descent who plays as a forward for Arka Gdynia.	Yannick Kakoko	forward
position played on team / speciality	Joel Baillargeon (born October 6, 1964 in Charlesbourg, Quebec) is a former Canadian ice hockey left winger.	Joel Baillargeon	winger
position played on team / speciality	Saadullah Khan (Urdu: سعد الله خان‎; born 4 June 1994) is a Pakistani footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for BG Sports Club and the Pakistan national team.	Saadullah Khan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabrice Alcebiades Maieco (born 30 May 1977 in Benguela), commonly known as Akwá, is an Angolan former football player who played as a forward for the Angolan national team.	Akwá	forward
position played on team / speciality	Berkay Samancı (born 11 April 1989) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a defensiv midfielder for Altınordu.	Berkay Samancı	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sandra Žigić is a Croatian football defender currently playing for the Monroe Mustangs in the NJCAA.	Sandra Žigić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tremaine Stewart (born 5 January 1988) is a Jamaican footballer forward/winger who currently plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga.	Tremaine Stewart	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Senobua García (born 16 September 1978), commonly known as Sena, is a Spanish-born Equatorial Guinean retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	José Luis Senobua García	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Raúl Justiniano Abella (born September 29, 1977 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a former Bolivian football midfielder who played for the Bolivian national team in Copa América 1999 and Copa América 2001.	Raúl Justiniano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mustafa Arslanović (born February 24, 1960 in Bosanski Novi, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Mustafa Arslanović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Predrag Luka (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Лукa; born May 11, 1988) is a Serbian footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan Belgrade.	Predrag Luka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matt Chulis (born August 29, 1977 in Central Islip, New York) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who is currently Associate Head Coach with the University of Virginia men's soccer team.	Matt Chulis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zsolt Muzsnay (born 20 June 1965 in Cluj) is a Romanian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Zsolt Muzsnay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sam Dalrymple (December 22, 1901 -- January 1981) was a former U.S. soccer forward.	Sam Dalrymple	forward
position played on team / speciality	James Gary McGuire (born 30 September 1938) is an English former association football goalkeeper who played in the Football League for Torquay United.	Gary McGuire	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Alexandre Silva Nunes (born 24 July 1992) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a left winger for C.F. Os Belenenses.	Fábio Alexandre Silva Nunes	winger
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Marcel Pereira Merabet (born 22 February 1979 in Belém, Pará), commonly known as Roma, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward.	Paulo Marcel Pereira Merabet	forward
position played on team / speciality	Angelo Orlando (born August 11, 1965 in San Cataldo, Sicily) is an Italian professional football coach and a former midfielder.	Angelo Orlando	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seif Kadhim Husayn (born 7 February 1991) is a Swedish footballer of Iraqi descent who plays as a midfielder for Iraqi Premier League club Duhok SC.	Seif Kadhim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jasem Jaihouni (JJ) (born 16 August 1988) is an American-Iranian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and played in the Persian 1st Division.	Jasem Jaihouni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danielle Foxhoven (born November 9, 1989) is an American professional soccer forward currently signed with the Seattle Reign FC of the National Women's Soccer League.	Danielle Foxhoven	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Isaksson (Swedish pronunciation: (anˈdreː.ˈas ˈɪːsak.ˈsɔn); born 3 October 1981) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in the Süper Lig.	Andreas Isaksson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rolands Freimanis (born January 21, 1988) is a professional basketball player, who plays the power forward and center position.	Rolands Freimanis	power forward	center
position played on team / speciality	Wilfred Lancaster (27 September 1904 -- July 1987) was an English professional association footballer who played as an outside forward.	Wilfred Lancaster	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Tiago Fernandes Andrade (born 1 April 1981 in Santo Tirso, Porto), known as Bruno Tiago, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Bruno Tiago	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	James Cookson (6 December 1904 -- December 1970), better known as Jimmy Cookson, was an English footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Manchester City, Chesterfield, West Bromwich Albion, Plymouth Argyle and Swindon Town.	Jimmy Cookson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brynley Jones (born 16 May 1959) is a former Welsh professional footballer who played in The Football League for Chester as a midfielder.	Brynley Jones	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eder Luís de Carvalho, better known as Éder Baiano (born 14 May 1984), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League.	Éder Baiano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fabrice Apruzesse (born 8 May 1985 in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a French football forward, currently playing for Marseille B.	Fabrice Apruzesse	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lamjed Chehoudi (born 8 May 1986 in Dubai) is a United Arab Emirates-born Tunisian footballer who plays as a forward for Elazığspor in Turkey.	Lamjed Chehoudi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sehid Sinani (born 23 October 1982 in Laufen) is a Swiss football defender of Macedonia Albanian descent.	Sehid Sinani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bassel Bawji (born December 26, 1989) is an American/Lebanese professional basketball player who plays the power forward for Champville Club in the Lebanese Basketball League.	Bassel Bawji	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Łukasz Juszkiewicz (born March 9, 1983 in Sulechów) is a Polish footballer (midfielder).	Łukasz Juszkiewicz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jolanta Siwińska (born 2 April 1991) is a Polish footballer who plays for German club Turbine Potsdam and the Poland national team as a versatile defender.	Jolanta Siwińska	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pavol Piatka (born 11 April 1979) is a Slovak football referee and also former professional football forward who currently plays for amateur team ŠK Báhoň.	Pavol Piatka	forward
position played on team / speciality	Igor Taševski (Serbian Cyrillic: Игop Taшeвcки; born 27 July 1972) is a Serbian retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender.	Igor Taševski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Chen Jianlong (simplified Chinese: 陈建龙; traditional Chinese: 陳建龍; pinyin: Chén Jiànlóng; born 14 May 1989) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a defender for Meizhou Kejia in the China League Two.	Chen Jianlong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tine Cederkvist Viskær (born 21 March 1979) is a Danish football goalkeeper who plays for the Denmark women's national football team.	Tine Cederkvist	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Danny Guijt (born 7 February 1981 in Leiden) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Dutch club Katwijk.	Danny Guijt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Željko Cicović (Serbian: Жeљкo Цицoвић, born 2 September 1970 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Željko Cicović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Pudar (born 16 August 1961 in Zemun, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper.	Ivan Pudar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Moussa Doumbia (born 4 April 1989) is a footballer from Burkina Faso who plays as a defender.	Moussa Doumbia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Haris Radetinac (born 28 October 1985 in Novi Pazar, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosniak footballer who plays Djurgårdens IF in Allsvenskan as a midfielder.	Haris Radetinac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Krasimir Krastev (Bulgarian: Красимир Кръстев) (born 26 August 1984) is a left midfielder association football player from Bulgaria currently playing for Botev Plovdiv.	Krasimir Krastev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hennadiy Moroz (Russian: Геннадий Григорьевич Мороз; born 27 March 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv.	Hennadiy Moroz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Darryl McHardy (born 22 May 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Elgin City, as a defender or midfielder.	Darryl McHardy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christoph Moritz (born 27 January 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for 1.	Christoph Moritz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sheila Parker (née Porter; born 1947) is an English former international football defender.	Sheila Parker	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henry David López (born 8 August 1992) is a Guatemalan football forward who plays for Municipal in Guatemala's top division.	Henry David López	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sandy Feher (born Hungary) is a retired Hungarian-American soccer goalkeeper.	Sandy Feher	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Vaclík (born 29 March 1989) is a Czech footballer, who currently plays for FC Basel as a goalkeeper.	Tomáš Vaclík	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lasse Strand (born 3 April 1974) is a former Norwegian football (soccer) defender.	Lasse Strand	defender
position played on team / speciality	Santander Ospina born January 28, 1974 is a retired Colombian football defender.	Santander Ospina	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anibal José (29 March 1904 -- 8 January 1976) was a Portuguese footballer who played for Benfica, Vitória Setúbal and the Portugal national team, as midfielder.	Anibal José	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carl Gentile is a former U.S. soccer forward.	Carl Gentile	forward
position played on team / speciality	Taher Zakaria (born 1988) is Qatari footballer who is a defender for Al Sadd.	Taher Zakaria	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdesslam Benabdellah (Arabic: عبد السلام بن عبد الله‎; born in January 12, 1964 in Oran) is a former Algerian football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Abdesslam Benabdellah	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Richard Cockerill (born 16 December 1970) is a former English rugby union footballer who played as a hooker.	Richard Cockerill	hooker
position played on team / speciality	José Romão Dimas (born 7 May 1930 in Almada) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a winger.	José Romão Dimas	winger
position played on team / speciality	Scott Gallacher (born 15 July 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic.	Scott Gallacher	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kaspars Gorkšs (born 6 November 1981) is a Latvian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Czech side FK Dukla Prague.	Kaspars Gorkšs	defender
position played on team / speciality	Danny Schenkel (born 1 April 1978) is a Dutch footballer who last played for Ajax Zaterdag as a defender in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.	Danny Schenkel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Benoît Piffero (born 21 May 1987 in Montreal, Quebec) is a rugby union hooker who plays for Atlantic Rock and Canada.	Benoît Piffero	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Lerg (born April 9, 1986) is an American ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Jeff Lerg	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Mijanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Mиjaнoвић; born 6 May 1974 in Novi Sad, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football player who is currently a goalkeeper coach at Buriram United	Zoran Mijanović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rubén Arriaza Pazos (born 26 August 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Rubén Arriaza Pazos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	O Hyok-chol (born 2 August 1991) is a North Korean professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder.	O Hyok-chol	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peta Bala'c (born 9 December 1953 in Exeter, England) was an English soccer goalkeeper for most notably Kaizer Chiefs in South Africa.	Peta Bala'c	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jock Hume was a Scottish professional football defender who played for Scottish First Division club Aberdeen.	Jock Hume	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Vieira (26 August 1899 -- deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Francisco Vieira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wojciech Kowalewski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvɔjtɕɛx kɔvaˈlɛvski); born 11 May 1977 in Białystok), is a retired Polish football goalkeeper.	Wojciech Kowalewski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Søren Krogh (born April 19, 1977) is a Danish football coach and former professional football midfielder.	Søren Krogh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bojan Šaranov (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Шаранов; born 22 October 1987) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Partizan.	Bojan Šaranov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Laurențiu Marinescu (born 25 August 1984 in Ploiești) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.	Laurențiu Marinescu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maurice Gransart (8 July 1930 -- 27 April 2013) was a French professional footballer who played for Marseille, as a defender.	Maurice Gransart	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Blues is an Australian former international soccer player who played as a winger.	George Blues	winger
position played on team / speciality	Thabo Mooki (born 22 October 1974 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a retired South African football (soccer) midfielder who spent all his professional career with Premier Soccer League club Kaizer Chiefs.	Thabo Mooki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nick Krat (Ukrainian: Микола (Нік) Крат) is a retired Ukrainian-American soccer defender who played professionally in the National Soccer League of Chicago and the North American Soccer League.	Nick Krat	defender
position played on team / speciality	John Ritson (born 6 September 1949) is an English-born former footballer, who played as a defender in the Football League in the 1960s and 1970s, most notably for Bolton Wanderers.	John Ritson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Uroš Vitas (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Витас; born 6 July 1992) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian club Gent.	Uroš Vitas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lukáš Matůš (born 6 October 1980) is a Czech footballer who plays for the Austrian team SC Ostbahn XI as a forward.	Lukáš Matůš	forward
position played on team / speciality	Siniša Martinović (born December 19, 1980 in Tuzla) is a Croatian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Schwenninger Wild Wings of the 2nd Bundesliga.	Siniša Martinović	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Zezel (April 22, 1965 -- May 26, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League from 1984 to 1999.	Peter Zezel	centre
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Gabriel Silva Andrade (born 7 November 1996 in Santa Maria da Feira) known as Nandinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a defender.	Fernando Gabriel Silva Andrade	defender
position played on team / speciality	Grégory Gomis (born 4 November 1990) is a French footballer playing for Al-Salliya in Qatar Stars League as a goalkeeper.	Grégory Gomis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zakaria Aboub (Arabic: زكرياء أبوب‎) (born 3 June 1980 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan football (soccer) midfielder.	Zakaria Aboub	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Tarnawski (Ukrainian: Володимир Тарнавський), also known as Vladimiro Tarnawsky and Walter Tarnawsky, (born 19 August 1939) is a retired Soviet/Ukrainian-born, Argentine football goalkeeper.	Vladimiro Tarnawsky	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Wood (born 25 January 1943 in Whitburn) is a Scottish former footballer who played primarily as a midfielder.	Wilson Wood	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Károly Weichelt (2 March 1906 -- 4 July 1971) was a Romanian international footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Károly Weichelt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gedion Zelalem (born January 26, 1997) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Championship side Rangers, on loan from Premier League club Arsenal.	Gedion Zelalem	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Garett MacDonald (born January 12, 1971) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey and roller hockey defenceman.	Garett MacDonald	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Marc Bergevin (born August 11, 1965) is a retired Canadian professional hockey defenceman and current general manager of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League.	Marc Bergevin	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mitchell Todd (15 March 1991 -- 15 August 2012) was a Scottish rugby union player who played at lock for Nottingham.	Mitchell Todd	lock
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Bomba (30 March 1939 -- 27 October 2005) was a Slovak football defender.	Jozef Bomba	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Chakouri (Arabic: محمد شاقوري ‎) (born May 21, 1986 in Arles, France) is an Algerian footballer who last played as a defender for Charleroi S.C. in the Belgian First Division after being released in 2011.	Mohamed Chakouri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Costa Juan (born 19 February 1943) is a Spanish retired football forward and manager.	Luis Costa Juan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Steve Rammel (born April 20, 1968) is a retired U.S. soccer forward.	Steve Rammel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yaroslav Martynyuk (Ukrainian: Ярослав Петрович Мартинюк; born 20 February 1989 in Vinnytsia, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Soligorsk.	Yaroslav Martynyuk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shane Owen (born June 4, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Indy Fuel of the ECHL.	Shane Owen	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Darko Tofiloski (born 13 January 1986) is a Macedonian football goalkeeper who is currently playing for MFK Ružomberok.	Darko Tofiloski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Villanueva Fernández (born 12 April 1976), most known as Pablo Villa, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward, and a current coach.	Pablo Villa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chan Man Hei (born 1 September 1980) is a Macanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for GD Lam Pak.	Chan Man Hei	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rorys Andrés Aragón Espinoza (born 28 June 1982), commonly known as Rorys Aragón, is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Barcelona and the Ecuador national team.	Rorys Aragón	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Taha Ismail (Arabic: طه اسماعيل‎) (born 8 February 1939) is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a forward for Al-Ahly and the Egyptian national team.	Taha Ismail	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mark Abboud (born November 19, 1970) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played two season in the American Professional Soccer League, one in the National Professional Soccer League, and seven in the USISL and USL A-League.	Mark Abboud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Verlaat (born 5 March 1968) is a Dutch former international football defender, who retired in 2007, after a professional career of 21 years.	Frank Verlaat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nermin Crnkić (born 31 August 1992) is a Bosnian professional football player currently playing for FK Baumit Jablonec as a midfielder.	Nermin Crnkić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pamphile Mihayo Kazembe (born 17 September 1976 in Lubumbashi) is a retired Democratic Republic of the Congolese footballer, who last played for TP Mazembe as a midfielder.	Mihayo Kazembe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gavin Lane (born 26 November 1966) is a retired South African football (soccer) defender.	Gavin Lane	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Wylie (born June 12, 1968) is a retired American soccer defender who spent one season with the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.	Kevin Wylie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Horlaville (born September 22, 1945 in Oissel) is a French retired amateur and professional football midfielder.	Daniel Horlaville	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Humphries (1 July 1928 -- 22 October 1992) was a Scottish footballer and manager who played as an inside forward.	Wilson Humphries	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Donaghy (born 13 January 1898) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward for Middlesbrough, Bradford City and Carlisle United.	Peter Donaghy	forward
position played on team / speciality	Magín Mir Martínez (born 6 January 1970), known simply as Magín, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Magín Mir	defender
position played on team / speciality	Morten Beck Andersen (born 2 January 1988) is a Danish professional football forward who currently plays for Icelandic club KR.	Morten Beck Andersen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Konstandopoulos (born 26 June 1996) is an Australian footballer who last played as a central midfielder for Adelaide United in the A-League.	Nathan Konstandopoulos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Estelle Johnson (born March 30, 1988) is an American professional soccer defender.	Estelle Johnson	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Rogério de Oliveira Melo (born 24 December 1990), commonly known as Rogério, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for São Paulo FC.	José Rogério de Oliveira Melo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rolland Courbis (French pronunciation: ​(rɔlɑ̃ kuʁˈbis); born 12 August 1953 in Marseille) is a French football manager and former football defender.	Rolland Courbis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Sciarra (born 12 July 1991 in Atri) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Chieti on loan from Serie B side Pescara.	Daniele Sciarra	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Tramezzani (born 30 July 1970) is an Italian born retired footballer and current manager, who played as a defender.	Paolo Tramezzani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Pavlovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Павловски, born 7 February 1994) is a Serbian football midfielder playing for Primeira Liga side FC Porto on loan from OFK Beograd.	Marko Pavlovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dominique Johnson (born June 9, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who plays shooting guard, point guard and small forward.	Dominique Johnson	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Damien Da Silva (born 17 May 1988) is a defender currently playing for French club Caen.	Damien Da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nadjem Lens Annab (born 20 July 1988 in Maaseik) is a Belgian-Algerian professional football player who last played as a midfielder for Geel in the Belgian Second Division.	Lens Annab	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlington Nyadombo (born 25 December 1985 in Makoni) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a defender for AmaZulu in the South African Premier Soccer League and Zimbabwe.	Carlington Nyadombo	defender
present in work	Luisa Warrington is a fictional character from the British soap opera, Family Affairs, played by Clare Byam-Shaw for most of 2000.	Luisa Warrington	Family Affairs
present in work	Dr. Melody Bell was a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors.	Melody Bell	Doctors
present in work	Michael Coogan claims the book of Joshua, more than any other book of the Bible, contains short etiological narratives that explain the origins of religious rituals, topographical features, genealogical relationships, and other aspects of ancient Israelite life, and that the legend of Rahab is such an example.	Rahab	Bible
present in work	The best-known adaptation of the Sigurd legend is Richard Wagner's cycle of music dramas Der Ring des Nibelungen (written between 1848 and 1874).	Sigurd	Der Ring des Nibelungen
present in work	Hannah McKay is a fictional character portrayed by Yvonne Strahovski in the seventh season and eighth season of the Showtime television series Dexter.	Hannah McKay	Dexter
present in work	Maleagant (alternately Meliagant, Meligaunt, Meliagaunt, Meliaganz, Meliagrance, Mellyagraunce, Mellegrans, etc.) is a villain from Arthurian legend.	Maleagant	Arthurian legend
present in work	Curtis Manning is a fictional character on the television series 24, portrayed by Roger Cross.	Curtis Manning	24
present in work	Dylath-Leen is a fictional city in H. P. Lovecraft's Dream Cycle and appears in The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath (1926) and the Brian Lumley short story Dylath-Leen.	Dylath-Leen	The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath
present in work	Guardinals are a type of celestial from the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role playing game.	Guardinal	Dungeons & Dragons
present in work	Dwight McCarthy is one of the principal characters in Frank Miller's Sin City universe.	Dwight McCarthy	Sin City
present in work	The Blue Paint Killer is a fictional character featured in the third and fifth season of the CBS drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.	The Blue Paint Killer	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
present in work	In The Transformers: The Movie, Windcharger's body is dragged to cover by Arcee next to Wheeljack, (who looks deceased in a similar way, their bodies not changing colour to the grey black associated with Transformers when they die), during the Battle of Autobot City.	Windcharger	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	Noah's Ark (Hebrew: תיבת נח‎; Biblical Hebrew: Tevat Noaḥ) is the vessel in the Genesis flood narrative (Genesis chapters 6--9) by which God spares Noah, his family, and a remnant of all the world's animals from the flood.	Noah's Ark	Genesis
present in work	Gerald and Sheila Broflovski (sometimes spelled Broslovski, Broslofski, Brovlofski or Broflofski) are fictional characters in the animated television series South Park.	Gerald and Sheila Broflovski	South Park
present in work	The great cape and land-locked firth of Umbar south of the Bay of Belfalas formed a natural harbour of enclosing rock, but the ``great fortress of Númenor'' (The Lord of the Rings) within it was not built until S.A. 2280.	Umbar	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Jolyon Wagg (French: Séraphin Lampion) is a fictional character in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	Jolyon Wagg	The Adventures of Tintin
present in work	Clayton Farlow is a fictional character in the popular American television series Dallas, played by Howard Keel from 1981 to 1991.	Clayton Farlow	Dallas
present in work	In an interview, writer Simon Furman indicated that Galvatron made his first IDW Publishing appearance in The Transformers:	Galvatron	The Transformers
present in work	The characters continued to make brief appearances in the Japanese-exclusive Transformers: The Headmasters series, usually merged as Bruticus and battling other combiners, and Bruticus was one of the nine ``Decepticon Generals'' assembled by the insectoid Violenjiger in the single episode of 1990's Japanese Transformers:	Bruticus	Transformers: The Headmasters
present in work	The Dormouse is a character in ``A Mad Tea-Party'', Chapter VII from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll.	The Dormouse	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
present in work	Francisco Scaramanga returned for the game GoldenEye: Rogue Agent voiced by Christopher Lee.	Francisco Scaramanga	GoldenEye: Rogue Agent
present in work	Sir Frank Gordon is a fictional character in the 1980s British sitcom Yes Minister and its sequel Yes, Prime Minister.	Frank Gordon	Yes Minister
present in work	Xiangling (Chinese: 香菱; Pinyin: xiānglíng) is a character in the novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Xiangling	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	In the book Prince Caspian, which takes place many centuries of Narnian time after The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (but only a year in our time), Cair Paravel is a ruin on an island at the point where the Great River of Narnia flows into the Eastern Ocean.	Cair Paravel	Prince Caspian
present in work	Lydia Simmonds is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, initially played by Margaret Tyzack and then by Heather Chasen.	Lydia Simmonds	EastEnders
publication date	Maa Inti Premayanam (Telugu: మా ఇంటి ప్రేమాయణం) is a 1983 Telugu film directed by Alluri Ravi.	Maa Inti Premayanam	1983
publication date	Chantons sous l'Occupation (English: Singing during the Occupation) is a French documentary film from 1976.	Chantons sous l'Occupation	1976
publication date	El Santos vs. La Tetona Mendoza (The Santos vs. Big Tits Mendoza in Spanish) is a 2012 Mexican adult animated action-comedy film, based on the comic by José Ignacio Solórzano (JIS) and Trino Camacho.	El Santos vs. La Tetona Mendoza	2012
publication date	Atomic Brain Invasion is a 2010 American sci-fi/horror film directed by Richard Griffin.	Atomic Brain Invasion	2010
publication date	PetroApocalypse Now? is a 2008 documentary television film about the future of global oil production and peak oil.	PetroApocalypse Now?	2008
publication date	The Mastermind Jinda Sukha is 2015 Punjabi film initially releasing 11 September 2015.	The Mastermind Jinda Sukha	2015
publication date	Adhinayakudu is a 2012 Telugu film written and directed by Parachuri Murali.	Adhinayakudu	2012
publication date	Man Ki Aankhen is 1970 Bollywood film directed Raghunath Jhalani.	Man Ki Aankhen	1970
publication date	Cry Uncle! (also American Oddballs and Superdick) is a 1971 film in the Troma library.	Cry Uncle!	1971
publication date	Reflections in Dark Glasses is an Australian television film, or rather a television play, which aired in 1960.	Reflections in Dark Glasses	1960
publisher	Rebels and Traitors by British historical novelist Lindsey Davis (best known for her Marcus Didius Falco series) was published by Random House in September 2009 (ISBN 9781846056321).	Rebels and Traitors	Random House
publisher	At Swim-Two-Birds was accepted for publication by Longman's on the recommendation of Graham Greene, who was a reader for them at the time.	At Swim-Two-Birds	Longman
publisher	Harrier Combat Simulator is a computer game developed by Mindscape for the Atari ST in 1987 along with the MS-DOS PC and the Commodore 64.	Harrier Combat Simulator	Mindscape
publisher	Landscope is the quarterly journal of Western Australia's Department of Environment and Conservation.	Landscope	Department of Environment and Conservation
publisher	Complete Psionic is a supplemental rulebook for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game published by Wizards of the Coast released in April 2006.	Complete Psionic	Wizards of the Coast
publisher	GAZ8 The Five Shires was written by Ed Greenwood, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell, and was published in 1988 by TSR as a 72-page book and a 24-page book, with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Five Shires	TSR
publisher	The Union Prayer Book was a Siddur published by the Central Conference of American Rabbis to serve the needs of the Reform Judaism movement in the United States.	Union Prayer Book	Central Conference of American Rabbis
publisher	Agenda 21 is a non-binding, voluntarily implemented action plan of the United Nations with regard to sustainable development.	Agenda 21	United Nations
publisher	Big Planet was first published in Startling Stories (vol. 27 no. 2, September 1952), then cut and reissued in 1957 by Avalon Books.	Big Planet	Avalon Books
publisher	Legend of the Amazon Women is a beat 'em up video game developed by SilverTime Inc and published by U.S. Gold and Mastertronic for Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1986.	Legend of the Amazon Women	U.S. Gold
record label	Bat Out of Hell is the second album and major-label debut by American rock singer Meat Loaf, as well as being his first collaboration with composer Jim Steinman, released in October 1977 on Cleveland International/Epic Records.	Bat Out of Hell	Epic Records
record label	Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 is a double album released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1993.	Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2	Atlantic Records
record label	Live at the Hammersmith Odeon '81 is a live album by The Stranglers, released by EMI in 1998 as part of the BBC Archive Series.	Live at the Hammersmith Odeon	EMI
record label	The Burning Circle and Then Dust is the fourth studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia, released on April 3, 1995 by Projekt Records.	The Burning Circle and Then Dust	Projekt Records
record label	Two Hunters is the second album by black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room and their debut album on Southern Lord Records.	Two Hunters	Southern Lord Records
record label	Ako Si... is the second album and his last album from Star Records of Pinoy rapper, Gloc-9.	Ako Si...	Star Records
record label	We Bring the Noise! is the eighth studio album by German hard dance group Scooter, released on 11 June 2001 by Sheffield Tunes in Germany.	We Bring the Noise!	Sheffield Tunes
record label	Paper Trail is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist T.I., released September 30, 2008, on Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records.	Paper Trail	Grand Hustle Records	Atlantic Records
record label	See You at the Fair is an album by jazz saxophonist Ben Webster, released on Impulse! Records.	See You at the Fair	Impulse! Records
record label	Take Me Higher is a studio album by American singer Diana Ross, released in 1995 on the Motown label.	Take Me Higher	Motown
record label	The ``Wondering''/``Old Cape Cod'' record was released by Mercury Records on April 23, 1957, as catalog number 71101.	Old Cape Cod	Mercury Records
record label	Blue Lines is the debut album by English trip hop group Massive Attack, released on their Wild Bunch label through Virgin Records on 8 April 1991.	Blue Lines	Virgin Records
record label	Dead Girls Don't Cry is the sixth studio album by the Danish psychobilly band the Nekromantix, released in 2004 by Hellcat Records.	Dead Girls Don't Cry	Hellcat Records
record label	Where Fortune Smiles is a jazz fusion LP credited to John McLaughlin, John Surman, Dave Holland, Karl Berger, and Stu Martin on Dawn Records DNLS ASD 3018, which was recorded in 1970 and released in 1971 in a stereo format.	Where Fortune Smiles	Dawn Records
record label	IIcons is the sixth album from Naughty by Nature, released on May 7, 2002 on TVT Records.	IIcons	TVT Records
record label	Black Snakes is the third collaboration between experimental rock band Red Krayola and conceptual art group Art & Language, released in 1983 through RecRec Music.	Black Snakes	RecRec Music
record label	Trouble Doll (The Disappointing 3rd LP) is the third album by B.A.L.L., released in 1989 through Shimmy Disc.	Trouble Doll (The Disappointing 3rd LP)	Shimmy Disc
record label	As part of his Third Man Records vinyl records visual and physical concepts, he as made the 12`` version of Sixteen Saltines the first record ever filled with liquid.	Sixteen Saltines	Third Man Records
record label	A Dramatic Turn of Events is the eleventh studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater, released worldwide on September 12, 2011 and in the United States on September 13 through Roadrunner Records.	A Dramatic Turn of Events	Roadrunner Records
record label	Scenes from the Second Storey is the debut album by The God Machine released in 1993 by Fiction Records / Polydor.	Scenes from the Second Storey	Fiction Records
record label	During the 1940s, with his brother and songwriting partner, Otis René, Leon René established and ran the independent rhythm and blues labels Exclusive Records and Excelsior Records.	Leon René	Exclusive Records
record label	Today My Way was an LP album by Patti Page, released by Columbia Records in 1967.	Today My Way	Columbia Records
record label	Canned Funk is a jazz album by Joe Farrell for CTI Records.	Canned Funk	CTI Records
record label	The Price You Pay is the fifth studio album by Spear of Destiny, released by Virgin Records in 1988 (see 1988 in music).	The Price You Pay	Virgin Records
record label	Keasbey Nights is the debut album by the East Brunswick, New Jersey ska punk band Catch 22, released on March 24, 1998 by Victory Records.	Keasbey Nights	Victory Records
record label	Portable Sounds was released on February 20, 2007 through ForeFront Records.	Portable Sounds	ForeFront Records
record label	Move Back Home is the fourth album by pop punk band The Queers released on Lookout! Records.	Move Back Home	Lookout! Records
record label	``Legal Man'' is a single released by Belle & Sebastian on Jeepster Records in 2000.	Legal Man	Jeepster Records
record label	To You Sweetheart, Aloha is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in the summer of 1959 by Cadence Records.	To You Sweetheart, Aloha	Cadence Records
record label	Uncle Anesthesia is the Screaming Trees' fifth album and first full-length album on Epic Records.	Uncle Anesthesia	Epic Records
record label	Shortly after, he released another clip ``Crie 93'' exclusively on rap website Booska-p. Fababy then signed on with recording label Banlieue Sale, run by French rapper La Fouine.	Fababy	Banlieue Sale
record label	The Astonishing is the thirteenth studio album and second concept album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater, released as a double album on January 29, 2016 through Roadrunner Records.	The Astonishing	Roadrunner Records
record label	The Number of Magic is Richard H. Kirk's second solo album for Warp Records.	The Number of Magic	Warp
record label	Paris to Purple City is the second album by Purple City, released on November 8, 2005 through Babygrande Records.	Paris to Purple City	Babygrande Records
record label	Sofia Rotaru and Chervona Ruta - is a 1981 studio album of Sofia Rotaru, recorded at Melodiya in the USSR.	Sofia Rotaru and Chervona Ruta	Melodiya
record label	What Bird Is That? is the third album by The Lucksmiths released in 1996 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY4.)	What Bird Is That	Candle Records
record label	By the end of the late 1960s he had formed his own Kenny Cox and the Contemporary Jazz Quintet, which recorded two albums for Blue Note Records before the end of the decade.	Kenny Cox	Blue Note Records
record label	Released in late 1997 on Atlantic Records, it features the singles ``If You Can't Be Good, Be Good at It'', ``Party On'', and ``Love Happens Like That'' and ``The Shake'', which was reprised from McCoy's 1997 Greatest Hits compilation.	Be Good at It	Atlantic Records
record label	Minor Love is Adam Green's sixth solo record, released by Rough Trade Records in Europe on January 8, 2010 and in the U.K. on January 11, 2010.	Minor Love	Rough Trade Records
record label	Songs in the Key of Bree is the debut album by Buck-O-Nine, originally released in 1994 on Immune Records, and subsequently re-released on Taang! Records in 1996.	Songs in the Key of Bree	Taang! Records
record label	Party sto 13o orofo is the second album of the Greek rock band Trypes and their first with Virgin Records.	Party sto 13o orofo	Virgin Records
record label	Back for the Attack is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Dokken, released on November 2, 1987 through Elektra Records.	Back for the Attack	Elektra Records
record label	Emotional History is MAX's fourth original studio album on original label, Avex Trax.	Emotional History	Avex Trax
record label	The Fabulous Thad Jones is the debut album by American jazz trumpeter Thad Jones recorded in 1954 and originally released on Charles Mingus' Debut Records label as a 10 inch LP.	The Fabulous Thad Jones	Debut Records
record label	The album was originally titled The Kingdom Come and was slated for a release on June 30, 1998, on Aftermath Entertainment.	The Kingdom Come	Aftermath Entertainment
record label	Soul Fixin' Man is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison, released in 1994 by Alligator Records.	Soul Fixin' Man	Alligator Records
record label	Two Lovers and Other Great Hits is an album released by Motown singer Mary Wells, the third album she released while recording for the label.	Two Lovers and Other Great Hits	Motown
record label	Rythem's eleventh single is titled ``Sakura Uta'' (桜唄) and it was released on February 28, 2007 under Sony Music Entertainment Japan label.	Sakura Uta	Sony Music Entertainment Japan
record label	A&M Records released ``King of Pain'' as the album's fourth single in the UK, while in North America, it was released as the second single.	King of Pain	A&M Records
record label	Oh Mercy is the twenty-sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on September 18, 1989 by Columbia Records.	Oh Mercy	Columbia Records
record label	A Street Called Straight is a 1976 album by Roy Buchanan and was released on the Atlantic Records label.	A Street Called Straight	Atlantic Records
record label	Stereo Drive is an album by jazz musician Cecil Taylor featuring John Coltrane, released in 1959 on United Artists Records, catalogue UAS 5014.	Stereo Drive	United Artists Records
record label	Live at Independent Records is the debut live album by American indie rock band Imagine Dragons, released on April 20, 2013 through Interscope Records.	Live at Independent Records	Interscope Records
record label	The Last One Standing is the second album by Canadian folk-pop singer Christine Fellows, released in 2002 on Six Shooter Records.	The Last One Standing	Six Shooter Records
record label	Texicali is an EP by ZZ Top, released digitally on iTunes and other digital media outlets on June 5, 2012.	Texicali	iTunes
record label	Primitive Love is the ninth studio album and second English-language record by the Miami Sound Machine, released in August 1985, by Epic Records.	Primitive Love	Epic Records
record label	The Spiritual Bonding is an album by Vidna Obmana, released in 1994 through Extreme Records.	The Spiritual Bonding	Extreme Records
record label	``Oh Woman, Oh Why'' is a song written by English musician Paul McCartney, first released on the Apple Records label in February 1971 as the B-side to McCartney's debut single as a solo artist, ``Another Day''.	Oh Woman, Oh Why	Apple Records
record label	Don't Ask is the third studio album by Australian singer Tina Arena released by Columbia Records in Australia on 21 November 1994.	Don't Ask	Columbia Records
record label	Youthanasia is the sixth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth, released on November 1, 1994 through Capitol Records.	Youthanasia	Capitol Records
record label	Ghetto Classics is Jaheim's third album with Warner Bros. Records.	Ghetto Classics	Warner Bros.
record label	You're Dead! is the fifth studio album by American music producer Flying Lotus, released on October 6, 2014 in the UK and October 7, 2014 in the US, by Warp Records.	You're Dead!	Warp
record label	Charlie, Last Name Wilson is the third studio album by American singer Charlie Wilson; it was released on August 23, 2005, by Jive Records.	Charlie, Last Name Wilson	Jive Records
record label	Rocket D.I.Y. is a studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter King Creosote, released on April 4, 2005 on Fence Records and Domino.	Rocket D.I.Y.	Fence Records
record label	The Great Ray Charles is Ray Charles' second studio album for Atlantic Records, released in 1957.	The Great Ray Charles	Atlantic Records
record label	Always Leave the Ground on the album cover, is the second album released by This Day and Age on its label One Eleven Records.	Always Leave the Ground	One Eleven Records
record label	Glad to Get Away is the twenty-fourth album by Jandek, and was released (1994) as Corwood Industries #0762.	Glad to Get Away	Corwood Industries
record label	The Ruler's Back is the second studio album by British-American rapper Slick Rick, released July 2, 1991, on Def Jam Recordings.	The Ruler's Back	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Stone Blue is the seventh studio album by English blues rock band Foghat, released in May 1978 on Bearsville Records.	Stone Blue	Bearsville Records
record label	On How Life Is is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Macy Gray, released on July 1, 1999 by Epic Records.	On How Life Is	Epic Records
record label	``Reach Out and Touch (Somebody's Hand)'' was the debut solo single of Motown singer Diana Ross, released in April 1970.	Reach Out and Touch (Somebody's Hand)	Motown
record label	Together We're Stranger is No-Man's fifth studio album released by the Snapper Music label in 2003.	Together We're Stranger	Snapper Music
record label	The Seraphic Clockwork is the sixth full-length album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas released through Frontiers Records.	The Seraphic Clockwork	Frontiers Records
record label	Sonny Boy Williamson I recorded ``Good Morning, School Girl'' in 1937 during his first recording session for Bluebird Records.	Good Morning, School Girl	Bluebird Records
record label	After departing from Island Records, The Orb released Bicycles & Tricycles in 2004 on Cooking Vinyl in the United Kingdom and Sanctuary Records in the United States.	Bicycles & Tricycles	Cooking Vinyl
record label	The Way I See It is the third studio album by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq, released on September 16, 2008, by Columbia Records.	The Way I See It	Columbia Records
record label	Red Medicine is the fourth full-length studio album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi, released on June 12, 1995 through Dischord Records.	Red Medicine	Dischord Records
record label	Good Monsters is the seventh full-length studio album from Jars of Clay, released by Essential Records on September 5, 2006.	Good Monsters	Essential Records
record label	Local Band Does OK is Umphrey's McGee's second studio album, and the first studio album to feature Jake Cinninger and Andy Farag.	Local Band Does OK	Umphrey's McGee
record label	Wooden Arms is the third album by Patrick Watson, released April 28, 2009 on Secret City Records.	Wooden Arms	Secret City Records
record label	Black Pearls is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1964 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7316.	Black Pearls	Prestige Records
record label	``Love Hangover'' was the fourth number one single for Motown singer Diana Ross.	Love Hangover	Motown
record label	Rhythm Killers is a studio album by Jamaican musical duo Sly and Robbie, released in May 1987 by Island Records.	Rhythm Killers	Island Records
record label	Ellington Is Forever Volume Two is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell featuring compositions associated with Duke Ellington recorded in 1975 and released on the Fantasy Records label.	Ellington Is Forever Volume Two	Fantasy Records
record label	Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy, released on August 23, 1994, by Def Jam Recordings.	Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Catfights and Spotlights is the sixth studio album by British pop band Sugababes, released by Island Records on 17 October 2008.	Catfights and Spotlights	Island Records
record label	Where Were We? is the seventh album by The Lucksmiths released in 2002 on Candle Records (catalog number CAN2521.)	Where Were We?	Candle Records
record label	``Disco Duck'' was initially released in the south by Estelle Axton's Fretone label, but it was later released by RSO Records for national and international distribution.	Disco Duck	RSO Records
record label	Wizard of the Vibes is a Blue Note Records compilation of performances by jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson.	Wizard of the Vibes	Blue Note Records
screenwriter	Little Ida (Norwegian: Liten Ida) is a 1981 Norwegian-Swedish drama film directed by Laila Mikkelsen.	Little Ida	Laila Mikkelsen
screenwriter	A.I. Artificial Intelligence, also known as A.I., is a 2001 American science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg.	A.I. Artificial Intelligence	Steven Spielberg
screenwriter	Punishment Park is a 1971 American mockumentary drama film written and directed by Peter Watkins.	Punishment Park	Peter Watkins
screenwriter	Three Days and a Child (Hebrew: שלושה ימים וילד, translit. Shlosha Yamim Veyeled) is a 1967 Israeli drama film directed by Uri Zohar.	Three Days and a Child	Uri Zohar
screenwriter	The Offence is a 1972 British drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, based upon the 1968 stage play This Story of Yours by John Hopkins.	The Offence	John Hopkins
screenwriter	Imago Mortis is a 2009 Italian-Spanish film directed by Stefano Bessoni.	Imago Mortis	Stefano Bessoni
screenwriter	Sex and the City 2 is a 2010 American romantic comedy film co-written, produced and directed by Michael Patrick King.	Sex and the City 2	Michael Patrick King
screenwriter	Ballad of Tara (Persian: چریکه تارا‎, translit. Tcherike-ye Tara) is a 1979 Iranian film directed by Bahram Bayzai.	Ballad of Tara	Bahram Bayzai
screenwriter	L'apache is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by Adele Buffington, John Lynch, and R. Cecil Smith.	L'apache	John Lynch
screenwriter	Labyrinth of Passion (Spanish: Laberinto de pasiones) is a 1982 Spanish screwball comedy written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, starring Cecilia Roth and Imanol Arias.	Labyrinth of Passion	Pedro Almodóvar
screenwriter	The Castiglioni Brothers (Italian:I fratelli Castiglioni) is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Corrado D'Errico and starring Camillo Pilotto, Ugo Ceseri and Amedeo Nazzari.	The Castiglioni Brothers	Corrado D'Errico
screenwriter	Fugitive from Montreal (French: L'inconnue de Montréal) is a 1950 French-Canadian drama film directed by Jean Devaivre, written by Charles Exbrayat, and starring René Dary, Patricia Roc and Paul Dupuis.	Fugitive from Montreal	Charles Exbrayat
screenwriter	Clean, Shaven is a 1993 film directed by Lodge Kerrigan, in which Peter Winter (played by Peter Greene) is a schizophrenic man desperately trying to get his daughter back from her adoptive mother.	Clean, Shaven	Lodge Kerrigan
screenwriter	Shortbus is a 2006 American erotic comedy-drama film written and directed by John Cameron Mitchell.	Shortbus	John Cameron Mitchell
screenwriter	Four Lions is a 2010 British black comedy film, directed by Chris Morris in his directorial debut, and written by Morris, Sam Bain, and Jesse Armstrong.	Four Lions	Jesse Armstrong
screenwriter	Ro.Go.Pa.G. (also known as ``RoGoPaG'') is a 1963 film, which consists of four segments, each written and directed by one of the four film directors - French Jean-Luc Godard (segment ``Il Nuovo mondo''), and three Italian:	Ro.Go.Pa.G.	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Cravos de Abril (April Carnations) is a Portuguese historic short film by Ricardo Costa.	Cravos de Abril	Ricardo Costa
screenwriter	About Schmidt is a 2002 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Alexander Payne, produced by Michael Besman, Harry Gittes and Rachael Horovitz, co-written by Jim Taylor with music by Rolfe Kent and starring Jack Nicholson in the title role.	About Schmidt	Alexander Payne	Jim Taylor
screenwriter	``Where No Man Has Gone Before'' was written by Samuel A. Peeples, directed by James Goldstone, and filmed in July 1965.	Where No Man Has Gone Before	Samuel A. Peeples
screenwriter	Last Man to Kill (Italian: Un milione di dollari per 7 assassini, French: 1.000.000 de dollars pour 7 assassinats) is a 1966 Italian-French crime-spy film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Roger Browne.	Last Man to Kill	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	The Surveyors (French: Les arpenteurs) is a 1972 Swiss drama film directed by Michel Soutter.	The Surveyors	Michel Soutter
screenwriter	The Limey is a 1999 American crime film, directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Lem Dobbs.	The Limey	Lem Dobbs
screenwriter	Marudhanaattu Ilavarasi (Tamil: மருத நாட்டு இளவரசி) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran and V. N. Janaki in the lead roles and story and dialogues by M. Karunanidhi.	Marudhanaattu Ilavarasi	Karunanidhi
screenwriter	You'll Find Out is a 1940 American comedy film directed by David Butler and starring Kay Kyser.	You'll Find Out	Kay Kyser
screenwriter	Hercules in the Haunted World (Italian: Ercole al centro della terra) is a 1961 Italian sword-and-sandal film directed by Mario Bava.	Hercules in the Haunted World	Mario Bava
screenwriter	My Golden Days (French title: Trois souvenirs de ma jeunesse; also titled My Golden Years) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin.	My Golden Days	Arnaud Desplechin
screenwriter	The Brothers Solomon is a 2007 American comedy film, starring Will Arnett and Will Forte.	The Brothers Solomon	Will Forte
screenwriter	Synecdoche, New York is a 2008 American postmodern drama film written and directed by Charlie Kaufman, and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman.	Synecdoche, New York	Charlie Kaufman
screenwriter	Raging Fists (French: La Rage au poing) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Éric Le Hung.	Raging Fists	Éric Le Hung
screenwriter	The Time That Remains is a 2009 semi-biographical drama film written and directed by Palestinian director Elia Suleiman.	The Time That Remains	Elia Suleiman
screenwriter	Laws of Attraction is a 2004 Irish-British-German romantic comedy film directed by Peter Howitt, based on a story by Aline Brosh McKenna and screenplay by Robert Harling and McKenna.	Laws of Attraction	Aline Brosh McKenna	Robert Harling
screenwriter	In Danger and Deep Distress, the Middleway Spells Certain Death (German: In Gefahr und größter Not bringt der Mittelweg den Tod) is a 1974 drama film directed by Alexander Kluge and Edgar Reitz.	In Danger and Deep Distress, the Middleway Spells Certain Death	Alexander Kluge	Edgar Reitz
screenwriter	Love and Death is a 1975 comedy film by Woody Allen.	Love and Death	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Land of Silence and Darkness (German: Land des Schweigens und der Dunkelheit) is a 1971 documentary film by German director Werner Herzog.	Land of Silence and Darkness	Werner Herzog
screenwriter	The Great White Trail is a surviving 1917 silent film drama produced and directed by Leopold Wharton and starring Doris Kenyon.	The Great White Trail	Leopold Wharton
screenwriter	The Woman in the Fifth (French original title La femme du Vème) is a 2011 French-British-Polish drama film directed and written by Paweł Pawlikowski.	The Woman in the Fifth	Paweł Pawlikowski
screenwriter	A Night at Karlstein (Czech: Noc na Karlštejně) is a 1974 Czechoslovak musical film directed by Zdeněk Podskalský, based on an 1884 play by Jaroslav Vrchlický.	A Night at Karlstein	Zdeněk Podskalský
screenwriter	Map of the Sounds of Tokyo (Spanish: Mapa de los sonidos de Tokio) is a 2009 Spanish drama film directed by Isabel Coixet.	Map of the Sounds of Tokyo	Isabel Coixet
screenwriter	Law of Courage (Italian: Il giudice ragazzino) is a 1994 Italian drama film directed by Alessandro Di Robilant.	Law of Courage	Alessandro Di Robilant
screenwriter	O atsidas (Greek: Ο ατσίδας) is a 1962 Greek comedy film directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Dinos Iliopoulos, Zoi Laskari and Vangelis Protopappas.	O atsidas	Giannis Dalianidis
screenwriter	Sista dansen (en. The Last Dance) is a Danish-Norwegian-Swedish 1993 film directed by Colin Nutley.	Sista dansen	Colin Nutley
screenwriter	Silent Tongue is a Western written and directed by Sam Shepard.	Silent Tongue	Sam Shepard
screenwriter	Festen (pronounced (fɛsd̥ɛ̝n)) is a 1998 Danish film, produced by Nimbus Film and directed by Thomas Vinterberg.	Festen	Thomas Vinterberg
screenwriter	Donne con le gonne (Women in Skirts) is a 1991 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.	Donne con le gonne	Francesco Nuti
screenwriter	Adult Beginners is a 2014 American comedy drama film directed by Ross Katz and written by Jeff Cox and Liz Flahire based on a story by Nick Kroll.	Adult Beginners	Nick Kroll
screenwriter	Written by Dustin Lance Black, the film focuses on the career of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from the Palmer Raids onwards.	J. Edgar	Dustin Lance Black
screenwriter	Rang Birangi is a 1983 Hindi film, based on a story by noted Hindi writer, Kamleshwar, and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.	Rang Birangi	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
screenwriter	Du är inte klok, Madicken is a 1979 Swedish film about the Astrid Lindgren character Madicken, directed by Göran Graffman.	Du är inte klok, Madicken	Astrid Lindgren
screenwriter	Viennese Girls (German:Wiener Mädeln) is a 1945 historical musical film directed by Willi Forst and starring Forst, Anton Edthofer and Judith Holzmeister.	Viennese Girls	Willi Forst
screenwriter	Wilde Salomé is a 2011 American documentary-drama film written, directed by and starring Al Pacino.	Wilde Salomé	Al Pacino
screenwriter	Omar Killed Me (French: Omar m'a tuer) is a 2011 drama film directed by Roschdy Zem.	Omar Killed Me	Roschdy Zem
screenwriter	Maciste in the Lion's Cage (Italian:Maciste nella gabbia dei leoni) is a 1926 Italian silent adventure film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano, Elena Sangro and Luigi Serventi.	Maciste in the Lion's Cage	Guido Brignone
screenwriter	The Soul Keeper (Italian: Prendimi l'anima, French: L'âme en jeu) is a 2002 Italian-French-British romance-drama film directed by Roberto Faenza.	The Soul Keeper	Roberto Faenza
screenwriter	The Ultimate Accessory (French title: 100% cachemire) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Valérie Lemercier.	The Ultimate Accessory	Valérie Lemercier
screenwriter	Lost in Munich (Czech: Ztraceni v Mnichově) is a 2015 Czech comedy film directed by Petr Zelenka.	Lost in Munich	Petr Zelenka
screenwriter	L'allenatore nel pallone 2 (also known as Trainer on the Beach 2) is an Italian comedy film of 2008 directed by Sergio Martino.	L'allenatore nel pallone 2	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	Crooklyn is a 1994 semi-autobiographical film co-written and directed by Spike Lee.	Crooklyn	Spike Lee
screenwriter	Vaazhthugal (English: Greetings) is a 2008 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Seeman of Thambi fame.	Vaazhthugal	Seeman
screenwriter	Return to Oz is a 1985 fantasy adventure film directed and written by Walter Murch, an editor and sound designer, cowritten by Gill Dennis and produced by Paul Maslansky.	Return to Oz	Walter Murch
screenwriter	The White Bus is a 1967 short film by British director Lindsay Anderson.	The White Bus	Lindsay Anderson
screenwriter	The Heart and the Money (French: Le Cœur et l'Argent) is a 1912 film directed by Louis Feuillade and Léonce Perret.	The Heart and the Money	Louis Feuillade
screenwriter	Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary.	Pulp Fiction	Quentin Tarantino	Roger Avary
screenwriter	Series co-creators, Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh, wrote the story for ``Flop Starz;''	Flop Starz	Dan Povenmire
screenwriter	Camera Buff (Polish: Amator, meaning ``amateur'') is a 1979 Polish drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Jerzy Stuhr.	Camera Buff	Krzysztof Kieślowski	Jerzy Stuhr
screenwriter	Story of Women (French: Une affaire de femmes) is a 1988 French drama film directed by Claude Chabrol based on the true story of Marie-Louise Giraud, guillotined on July 30, 1943, for having performed 27 abortions in the Cherbourg area, and the book by Francis Szpiner.	Story of Women	Claude Chabrol	Francis Szpiner
screenwriter	Hero Hitler in Love (Punjabi: ਹੀਰੋ ਹਿਟਲਰ ਇਨ ਲਵ) is a 2011 Punjabi romantic and action film directed by Sukhwant Dhadda with story, screenplay, music & dialogues by Babbu Maan.	Hero Hitler in Love	Babbu Maan
screenwriter	John Goldfarb, Please Come Home! is a 1965 comedy film based on the novel by William Peter Blatty published in 1963.	John Goldfarb, Please Come Home!	William Peter Blatty
screenwriter	The Bride Comes Home is a 1935 comedy film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Wesley Ruggles, and written by Claude Binyon and Elisabeth Sanxay Holding.	The Bride Comes Home	Claude Binyon
screenwriter	Fun in Acapulco is a 1963 American musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley and Ursula Andress.	Fun in Acapulco	Elvis Presley	Ursula Andress
screenwriter	Strella (Greek: Στρέλλα; international title: A Woman's Way) is a 2009 Greek drama film written and directed by Panos H. Koutras.	Strella	Panos H. Koutras
screenwriter	The Last Deadly Mission, also known as MR 73, is a 2008 French film noir written and directed by Olivier Marchal.	The Last Deadly Mission	Olivier Marchal
screenwriter	The Future of Art is a 2010 documentary film by Erik Niedling and Ingo Niermann.	The Future of Art	Ingo Niermann
screenwriter	Rio Sex Comedy is a 2010 comedy film, written and directed by Jonathan Nossiter.	Rio Sex Comedy	Jonathan Nossiter
screenwriter	Ordinary Decent Criminal is a 2000 crime comedy film, directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan, written by Gerard Stembridge, and stars Kevin Spacey and Linda Fiorentino.	Ordinary Decent Criminal	Gerard Stembridge
screenwriter	The Alien Within is a 1995 horror science fiction film that stars a cast of notable actors including Roddy McDowall, Alex Hyde-White, Melanie Shatner, Don Stroud, and Richard Biggs.	The Alien Within	Roddy McDowall	Alex Hyde-White	Melanie Shatner	Don Stroud
screenwriter	Valentín is a 2002 Argentine-French-Italian drama film written and directed by Alejandro Agresti.	Valentín	Alejandro Agresti
screenwriter	The Royal Tenenbaums is a 2001 American comedy-drama film directed by Wes Anderson and co-written with Owen Wilson.	The Royal Tenenbaums	Wes Anderson	Owen Wilson
screenwriter	The Junk Shop (Czech: Sběrné surovosti) is a 1965 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Juraj Herz, based on a story by Bohumil Hrabal.	The Junk Shop	Bohumil Hrabal
screenwriter	An American Citizen was a 1914 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley.	An American Citizen	J. Searle Dawley
screenwriter	The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking is a 1988 American fantasy--adventure--musical film written and directed by Ken Annakin based on the books of the fictional character Pippi Longstocking, created by children's book author Astrid Lindgren.	The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking	Ken Annakin
screenwriter	The War You Don't See is a 2010 British documentary film written, produced and directed by John Pilger with Alan Lowery, which challenges the media for the role they played in the Iraq, Afghanistan, and Israel/Palestine conflicts.	The War You Don't See	John Pilger
screenwriter	Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 German-American war-thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino and starring Brad Pitt, Mélanie Laurent, Christoph Waltz, Diane Kruger, Michael Fassbender and Eli Roth.	Inglourious Basterds	Quentin Tarantino
screenwriter	Screenwriter Tom Jankiewicz wrote the initial script for Grosse Pointe Blank in 1991 after receiving an invitation to his 10th high school reunion.	Grosse Pointe Blank	Tom Jankiewicz
screenwriter	Young & Beautiful (French: Jeune & Jolie) is a 2013 French four-season drama film of adolescent sexuality directed by François Ozon and produced by Eric and Nicolas Altmayer.	Young & Beautiful	François Ozon
screenwriter	Judgment at Nuremberg is a 1961 American drama film directed by Stanley Kramer, written by Abby Mann and starring Spencer Tracy, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Maximilian Schell, Werner Klemperer, Marlene Dietrich, Judy Garland, William Shatner and Montgomery Clift.	Judgment at Nuremberg	Abby Mann	Montgomery Clift
screenwriter	D III 88 (sometimes written as DIII 88) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Herbert Maisch and Hans Bertram and starring Christian Kayßler, Otto Wernicke and Heinz Welzel.	D III 88	Hans Bertram
screenwriter	The Year My Voice Broke is a 1987 coming of age drama film written and directed by John Duigan and starring Noah Taylor, Loene Carmen, and Ben Mendelsohn.	The Year My Voice Broke	John Duigan
screenwriter	Cutting It Short (Czech: Postřižiny) is a 1980 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel.	Cutting It Short	Jiří Menzel
series	``The Bag or the Bat'' is the pilot episode of the Showtime original series Ray Donovan, and premiered on June 30, 2013.	The Bag or the Bat	Ray Donovan
series	``Three Minutes'' is the 47th episode of Lost.	Three Minutes	Lost
series	``Hard Ball'' (also known as ``Negotiation'') is the fifteenth episode of NBC's first season of 30 Rock.	Hard Ball	30 Rock
series	``In Our Own Image'' is the 26th episode of The Outer Limits television show.	In Our Own Image	The Outer Limits
series	``Dr. Yap'' is the sixth episode of the second season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 19th episode, and is written by Steven Davis and Kelvin Yu and directed by Anthony Chun.	Dr. Yap	Bob's Burgers
series	``The Three Days Rule'' is the 21st episode of the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 85th overall.	The Three Days Rule	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Kicking Bishop Brennan Up the Arse'' is the sixth episode of the third series of the sitcom Father Ted, and the 23rd episode overall.	Kicking Bishop Brennan Up the Arse	Father Ted
series	``30 Minutes After Noon'' is the seventh episode of the 1960s Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds.	30 Minutes After Noon	Thunderbirds
series	``I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano'' is the thirteenth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the finale of the show's first season.	I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano	The Sopranos
series	Paul Clifford is a novel published in 1830 by English author Edward Bulwer-Lytton.	Paul Clifford	novel
series	``Jess-Belle'' is an episode of the American television science fiction & fantasy anthology series The Twilight Zone.	Jess-Belle	The Twilight Zone
series	Nine Inches is the eighth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 13 October 2011 through Headline Publishing Group.	Nine Inches	Dan Starkey
series	``The Mutants Are Revolting'' is the twelfth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom Futurama and is the 100th episode of the series.	The Mutants Are Revolting	Futurama
series	``The Joker Goes to School'', a first-season episode of the Batman television series, first aired on ABC March 2, 1966 as its 15th episode, with an encore telecast occurring on August 10, 1966.	The Joker Goes to School	Batman
series	``Live Together, Die Alone'' is the second season finale of the ABC television series Lost, consisting of the 23rd and 24th episodes of the second season.	Live Together, Die Alone	Lost
series	``Jakovasaurs'' is the 35th episode of Comedy Central's animated series South Park.	Jakovasaurs	South Park
series	Dream Cruise is the thirteenth and final episode of the second season (and of the whole TV series) of Masters of Horror, directed by Norio Tsuruta.	Dream Cruise	Masters of Horror
series	``Roads to Vegas'' is the twenty-first episode of the eleventh season and the 209th overall episode of Family Guy.	Roads to Vegas	Family Guy
series	``Peter's Daughter'' is the seventh episode of the sixth season of Family Guy and originally aired November 25, 2007.	Peter's Daughter	Family Guy
series	``The Doctor's Wife'' is the fourth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was broadcast on 14 May 2011 in the United Kingdom, and later the same day in the United States.	The Doctor's Wife	Doctor Who
series	Sufferin' Cats!, a 1943 American one-reel animated cartoon , is the 9th Tom and Jerry episode released.	Sufferin' Cats!	Tom and Jerry
series	A spin-off from the Age of Empires series, Age of Mythology takes inspiration from the myths and legends of the Greeks, Egyptians, and Norse, rather than from actual history.	Age of Mythology	Age of Empires
series	``G-String Circus'' is the eighth episode of the sixth season of American Dad!, an episode produced for Season 5.	G-String Circus	American Dad
series	Hush, Hush was followed by three books, Crescendo, Silence, and Finale.	Hush, Hush	Silence
series	``The Wedding Bride'' is the 23rd episode of the fifth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and is the 111th episode overall.	The Wedding Bride	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Out of Sight, Out of Mind'' was the 101st episode of the M*A*S*H television series, and the fourth episode of the fifth season.	Out of Sight, Out of Mind	M*A*S*H
series	The Saint's Lady is an unpublished novel by Joy Martin featuring the character of criminal-turned-detective Simon Templar (alias ``The Saint'') who had been created by Leslie Charteris in 1928.	The Saint's Lady	Simon Templar
series	The Mystery of the Missing Man, published 1956, is the thirteenth novel in the ``Five Find-Outers'' written by Enid Blyton.	The Mystery of the Missing Man	Five Find-Outers
series	``Night of the Meek'' is the first segment of the thirteenth episode from the first season (1985--86) from the television series The Twilight Zone.	Night of the Meek	The Twilight Zone
series	``Anna Howard Shaw Day'' is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 71st episode of the series overall.	Anna Howard Shaw Day	30 Rock
series	``The Fall Issue'' is the 24th episode in the third season, the 65th episode overall and the third season finale of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on May 21, 2009.	The Fall Issue	Ugly Betty
series	``Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land'' is the twenty-first episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the 79th overall episode of the series.	Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land	30 Rock
series	The Nikon Coolpix 995 was announced on April 25, 2001 to supersede the Coolpix 990 in the Nikon Coolpix series.	Nikon Coolpix 995	Nikon Coolpix series
series	``Le Petit Tourette'' (French pronunciation: ​(lə pə.ti tuʁɛt); meaning ``The Little Tourette'') is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the animated television series South Park, and the 161st episode overall.	Le Petit Tourette	South Park
series	Song of the Younger World is the first segment of the thirty-fifth episode (the twentieth episode of the second season (1986--87) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Song of the Younger World	The Twilight Zone
series	``Get It Done'' is the 15th episode of seventh and final season of the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Get It Done	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	Swords Against the Shadowland is a fantasy novel by Robin Wayne Bailey featuring Fritz Leiber's sword and sorcery heroes Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser.	Swords Against the Shadowland	Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser
series	``Mr. Griffin Goes to Washington'' is the third episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, even though it was produced for season 2.	Mr. Griffin Goes to Washington	Family Guy
series	Incident On and Off a Mountain Road is the premiere episode of the first season of Masters of Horror, directed by Don Coscarelli.	Incident On and Off a Mountain Road	Masters of Horror
series	``Enemy on the Hill'' is the fourth episode in the ninth season of the police procedural drama, NCIS, and the 190th episode overall.	Enemy on the Hill	NCIS
series	The Bonehunters is the sixth volume in Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series, the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	The Bonehunters	Malazan Book of the Fallen
series	``Blue Harvest'' is the hour-long premiere of the sixth season of the Fox animated comedy series Family Guy and the first part of the series' trilogy Laugh It Up, Fuzzball.	Blue Harvest	Family Guy
series	The Pnume is the final science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai, Planet of Adventure.	The Pnume	Planet of Adventure
series	Who Could That Be at This Hour? is the first novel of the children's novel series All the Wrong Questions by Lemony Snicket, a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events.	Who Could That Be at This Hour?	All the Wrong Questions
series	``Three Days of Snow'' is the 13th episode in the fourth season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 77th overall.	Three Days of Snow	How I Met Your Mother
series	Le Ventre de Paris (lə vɑ̃tʁ də paʁi) (1873) is the third novel in Émile Zola's twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart.	Le Ventre de Paris	Les Rougon-Macquart
series	River of Blue Fire is the second book in Tad Williams' acclaimed Otherland Series.	River of Blue Fire	Otherland
series	The Surgeon's Mate is the seventh historical novel in the Aubrey-- Maturin series written by Patrick O'Brian, first published in 1980.	The Surgeon's Mate	Aubrey-- Maturin series
series	``Sexy Package'' is the fourth episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series.	Sexy Package	Swift and Shift Couriers
series	``Greatness Achieved'' is the 66th episode of the American television series Prison Break and was broadcast on November 3, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.	Greatness Achieved	Prison Break
series	Arthas Menethil is a fictional character who appears in the Warcraft series of video games by Blizzard Entertainment.	Arthas Menethil	Warcraft
series	The Škoda Felicia, (Typ 791) was a supermini car produced by the Czech automaker Škoda Auto from 1994 to 2001.	Škoda Felicia	supermini
series	The Fiat Linea (Type 323) is a compact car released on March 26, 2007 at the Tofaş plant in Bursa, Turkey, by the Italian automaker Fiat as a world car in developing countries.	Fiat Linea	compact car
series	The Phoenix Unchained is the first book of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's The Enduring Flame Trilogy.	The Phoenix Unchained	The Enduring Flame Trilogy
series	One False Note is the second book in The 39 Clues series.	One False Note	The 39 Clues
series	The Golden Eggs is the nineteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.	The Golden Eggs	The Avengers
series	Vaillante is featured in the French comic book series Michel Vaillant.	Vaillante	Michel Vaillant
sex or gender	Denver Doll was the first complete American female detective novel.	Denver Doll	female
sex or gender	Ariel Ramos Wilson (born April 14, 1971 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired male wrestler from Cuba, who competed in the freestyle competition during his career.	Ariel Ramos	male
sex or gender	Shelley Beattie (August 24, 1967 -- February 16, 2008) was a professional female bodybuilder and actress.	Shelley Beattie	female
sex or gender	Ivana Lisjak (born March 17, 1987) is a female tennis player from Croatia.	Ivana Lisjak	female
sex or gender	Idde Schultz, Eva Ann-Ida Schultz, born 1 September 1963 in Stockholm, Sweden is a Swedish female singer and guitarist.	Idde Schultz	female
sex or gender	Bethania Almánzar Sosa (born February 11, 1987 in Bonao) is a female beach volleyball and volleyball player from the Dominican Republic.	Bethania Almánzar	female
sex or gender	Lang Yinglai (born 22 August 1979) is a female Chinese former middle distance runner.	Lang Yinglai	female
sex or gender	Julia Degan (born 19 January 1981) is a female Australian long-distance runner.	Julia Degan	female
sex or gender	Hsu Yu-fang (許玉芳; born 2 February 1974) is a female Taiwanese long-distance runner.	Hsu Yu-fang	female
sex or gender	Jūratė Ladavičiūtė (born February 19, 1985) is a female freestyle swimmer from Lithuania, and the youngest member (15 years, 207 days) of the national squad competing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Jūratė Ladavičiūtė	female
sport	Melbourne University Football Club, often known simply as University, is an Australian rules football club.	Melbourne University Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2013 FINA Men's Water Polo World League is played between November 2012 and June 2013 and open to all men's water polo national teams.	2013 FINA Men's Water Polo World League	water polo
sport	The 1990 Major League Baseball lockout was the seventh work stoppage in baseball since 1972.	1990 Major League Baseball lockout	baseball
sport	Olympic women's ice hockey champion Cassie Campbell joined Hockey Night in Canada in 2006 as a rinkside reporter, becoming (on October 14, 2006) the first woman to do colour commentary on a Hockey Night in Canada broadcast.	Hockey Night in Canada	ice hockey
sport	The Kilkenny County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (Kilkenny GAA) (Irish: Cumann Lúthchleas Gael Coiste Cill Chainnigh) is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland and is responsible for Gaelic Games in County Kilkenny.	Kilkenny GAA	Gaelic Games
sport	Gareth Anscombe is a Wales international rugby union player.	Gareth Anscombe	rugby union
sport	Benjamín Urdapilleta (born March 11, 1986, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union footballer.	Benjamín Urdapilleta	rugby union
sport	Ulf Stenlund (born 21 January 1967 in Falun) is a former tennis player from Sweden, who won one single (1986, Palermo) and one doubles (1987, Bari) title during his professional career.	Ulf Stenlund	tennis
sport	Jason Conley (born July 21, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for the Helsinki Seagulls in Finland.	Jason Conley	basketball
sport	Metallurg Magnitogorsk (Russian: Металлург Магнитогорск) is a professional ice hockey team based in Magnitogorsk, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.	Metallurg Magnitogorsk	ice hockey
taxon rank	Mycoplasma is a genus of bacteria that lack a cell wall around their cell membrane.	Mycoplasma	genus
taxon rank	Mordellistena minutuloides is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus and is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Mordellistena minutuloides	species
taxon rank	Lilium humboldtii (Humboldt's lily) is a species of lily native to the US State of California and the Mexican State of Baja California.	Lilium humboldtii	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis is large and widespread genus of plants in the grass family, found in many countries on all inhabited continents and many islands.	Eragrostis	genus
taxon rank	Orthetrum trinacria, the Long Skimmer, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Orthetrum trinacria	species
taxon rank	Homonopsis foederatana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Homonopsis foederatana	species
taxon rank	Uropeltis myhendrae, commonly known as Boulenger's earth snake or the Myhendra Mountain Uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis myhendrae	species
taxon rank	Gracillarioidea is a large superfamily containing four families of insects in the order Lepidoptera.	Gracillarioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Acaciella is a Neotropical genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae, and its subfamily Mimosoideae.	Acaciella	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium bovifimosum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from dry cow manure in Wyoming in the USA.	Penicillium bovifimosum	species
taxon rank	Heterastridium is a genus of fossil marine Hydrozoan from the Upper Triassic.	Heterastridium	genus
taxon rank	Vitis berlandieri is a species of grape native to the southern North America, primarily Texas, New Mexico and Arkansas.	Vitis berlandieri	species
taxon rank	Ceratias is a small genus of seadevils.	Ceratias	genus
taxon rank	Jungermanniales is the largest order of liverworts.	Jungermanniales	order
taxon rank	Santiria apiculata is a species of plant in the Burseraceae family.	Santiria apiculata	species
taxon rank	Ichthyophonida is an order of parasitic protists.	Ichthyophonida	order
taxon rank	Cotinis aliena (also Keys Green June Beetle) is a species of Cotinis found in the Florida Keys.	Cotinis aliena	species
taxon rank	Huebneria affinis is a Palaearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus Huebneria of the family Tachinidae.	Huebneria affinis	species
taxon rank	Diploschizia impigritella, known commonly as the Yellow nutsedge moth or the Five-barred glyphipterid moth, is a species of sedge moths in the genus Diploschizia.	Diploschizia impigritella	species
taxon rank	Roeboides is a genus of characins from Central and South America.	Roeboides	genus
taxon rank	The Caridea, commonly known as caridean shrimp, are an infraorder of shrimp within the order Decapoda.	Caridea	infraorder
taxon rank	Ransoniella erminea is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Ransoniella erminea	species
taxon rank	Azara's agouti (Dasyprocta azarae) is a South American agouti species from the family Dasyproctidae.	Azara's agouti	species
taxon rank	Erica cinerea (bell heather, or heather-bell) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae, native to western and central Europe.	Erica cinerea	species
taxon rank	Olrog's four-eyed opossum (Philander olrogi) is a South American species of opossum found in eastern Bolivia, first described in 2008 based on specimens collected in 1974.	Olrog's four-eyed opossum	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum trichopes is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name little desert trumpet.	Eriogonum trichopes	species
taxon rank	Eviota melasma, commonly called headspot eviota or melasma pygmy goby among various other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Eviota melasma	species
taxon rank	Camponotus niveosetosus, commonly known as the hairy sugar ant, is one of the smaller species of sugar ant.	Camponotus niveosetosus	species
taxon rank	Neoclinus nudus is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Okinawa Island, Japan, and Taiwan, in the northwest Pacific ocean.	Neoclinus nudus	species
taxon rank	Cycas taitungensis is a species of genus Cycas, native to Taitung County, south-eastern Taiwan and also to Fujian.	Cycas taitungensis	species
taxon rank	Epipactis helleborine, the broad-leaved helleborine, is a terrestrial species of orchid.	Epipactis helleborine	species
taxon rank	Cardiodictyon is a genus of lobopodian known from the Chengjiang Lagerstätten.	Cardiodictyon	genus
taxon rank	Alomia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, described as a genus in 1818.	Alomia	genus
taxon rank	Lycopodium lagopus (One-cone club-moss) is an arctic and subarctic species of plants in the genus Lycopodium in the clubmoss family.	Lycopodium lagopus	species
taxon rank	Dytiscus caraboides is a species of beetle from the Dytiscidae family.	Dytiscus caraboides	species
taxon rank	Crocodylus falconensis is an extinct species of crocodile known from the early Pliocene of the lower part of the Vergel Member of the San Gregorio Formation of Venezuela.	Crocodylus falconensis	species
taxon rank	Pycnoclavella diminuta, common names white-spotted sea squirt, white-spot ascidian, and white-spotted ascidian is a species of tunicate (sea squirt), in the genus Pycnoclavella.	Pycnoclavella diminuta	species
taxon rank	The tropical grass species Pennisetum clandestinum is known by several common names, most often kikuyu grass, as it is native to the region of East Africa that is home to the Gĩkũyũ tribe.	Pennisetum clandestinum	species
taxon rank	Myriophyllum simulans is a species of water milfoil native to southeastern Australia where it grows in aquatic habitat such as ponds and streams, as well as muddy or swampy soil.	Myriophyllum simulans	species
taxon rank	The Polyporaceae are a family of bracket fungi belonging to the Basidiomycota.	Polyporaceae	family
taxon rank	Libythea cinyras was a species of butterfly in the nymphalid Libytheinae subfamily.	Libythea cinyras	species
taxon rank	Hemilepistus reaumuri is a species of woodlouse that lives in and around the deserts of North Africa and the Middle East, ``the driest habitat conquered by any species of crustacean''.	Hemilepistus reaumuri	species
taxon rank	Ixinandria steinbachi is the only species in the genus Ixinandria of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae.	Ixinandria steinbachi	species
taxon rank	Berberis arguta is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1908, having been first described in 1886 at the ``forma'' level.	Berberis arguta	species
taxon rank	Achatinella pupukanioe is a species of land snail, a gastropod in the Achatinellidae family.	Achatinella pupukanioe	species
taxon rank	Boltonia diffusa (smallhead doll's daisy) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Boltonia diffusa	species
taxon rank	The jewelled blenny, Salarias fasciatus, is a popular marine aquarium fish species in Australasia.	Salarias fasciatus	species
taxon rank	The Cichlinae are a subfamily of South American fishes in the cichlid family.	Cichlinae	subfamily
taxon rank	It was described by Chrétien in 1911, and contains the species Polyochodes stipella.	Polyochodes	species
taxon rank	Cryobatrachus (from Greek, κρύος (krýos, ``cold'') and βάτραχος (batrakhos, ``frog'')) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Antarctica.	Cryobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Heteropyxis is a genus which includes three species of small evergreen trees.	Heteropyxis	genus
taxon rank	Picea critchfieldii, the Critchfield's spruce, is a species of spruce that went extinct in the Late Quaternary extinction event.	Picea critchfieldii	species
taxon rank	Anacamptis coriophora (Bug Orchid) is a species of orchid.	Anacamptis coriophora	species
taxon rank	Gratiana boliviana is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae.	Gratiana boliviana	species
taxon rank	Scaphyglottis reflexa is a species of orchid occurring from Grenada to Central America and tropical South America.	Scaphyglottis reflexa	species
taxon rank	Hymenoxys helenioides is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Intermountain rubberweed .	Hymenoxys helenioides	species
taxon rank	Rubus nigerrimus is rare North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus nigerrimus	species
taxon rank	The fish family Psychrolutidae contains the fatheads or fathead sculpins, including the blobfishes.	Psychrolutidae	family
taxon rank	Embolomeri is a suborder of Reptiliomorpha.	Embolomeri	suborder
taxon rank	Heteractis malu, also known as the malu anemone, delicate sea anemone or white sand anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Stichodactylidae.	Heteractis malu	species
taxon rank	Megachile mystaceana, the Fire-tailed Resin Bee, is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.	Megachile mystaceana	species
taxon rank	Zabrus guildensis is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Polysitus subgenus that is endemic to Morocco.	Zabrus guildensis	species
taxon rank	Trimeresurus brongersmai is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Indonesia on the island of Simalur.	Trimeresurus brongersmai	species
taxon rank	Marsupidium epiphytum is a liverwort species in the genus Marsupidium from the New Zealand.	Marsupidium epiphytum	species
taxon rank	Aseroe coccinea is a species of stinkhorn fungus in the genus Aseroe.	Aseroe coccinea	species
taxon rank	Rosevear's lemniscomys or Rosevear's striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys roseveari) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Rosevear's striped grass mouse	species
taxon rank	Lipographis umbrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Lipographis.	Lipographis umbrella	species
taxon rank	Trematosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian found in Germany and Russia.	Trematosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sinorhizobium americanum is a bacterium first isolated from root nodules of Acacia species native of Mexico.	Sinorhizobium americanum	species
taxon rank	Silvanerpeton is an extinct genus of early reptiliomorph found in East Kirkton Quarry of West Lothian, Scotland, in a sequence from the Brigantian substage of the Viséan (Lower Carboniferous).	Silvanerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Triplosarus novaezelandiae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Triplosarus.	Triplosarus	species
taxon rank	Alpinia zerumbet, commonly known as shell ginger, is a perennial species of ginger native to East Asia.	Alpinia zerumbet	species
taxon rank	Chapalmalania is an extinct procyonid genus from the Pliocene of South America, which lived from 5.3 to 1.8 million years ago.	Chapalmalania	genus
taxon rank	Afrotyphlops schlegelii, commonly known as Schlegel's beaked blind snake or Schlegel's giant blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Afrotyphlops schlegelii	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa ovalis is a species of wolf spider found in Inner Mongolia in the People's Republic of China.	Alopecosa ovalis	species
taxon rank	Trichocentrum, often abbreviated Trctm in horticulture, is a genus in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Trichocentrum	genus
taxon rank	Rhinella icterica (common name: yellow cururu toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in northeastern Argentina (Misiones Province), southern Brazil, and eastern Paraguay.	Rhinella icterica	species
taxon rank	Lobochilotes labiatus is a species of fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Lobochilotes labiatus	species
taxon rank	Hydroscapha is a genus of beetles endemic to Europe and the United States.	Hydroscapha	genus
taxon rank	Ficimia is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly known as hooknose snakes or hook-nosed snakes, which are endemic to North America.	Ficimia	genus
taxon rank	Clionella sinuata, common name the ribbed turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Clionella sinuata	species
taxon rank	Eccremocarpus scaber, the Chilean glory-flower, is a species of perennial plant in the Bignoniaceae family.	Eccremocarpus scaber	species
taxon rank	Schiedea haleakalensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Haleakalā schiedea.	Schiedea haleakalensis	species
taxon rank	Xenostylus sublineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Xenostylus.	Xenostylus	species
taxon rank	Accuminulia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tortricidae.	Accuminulia	genus
taxon rank	Orthodontopsis bardunovii is a species of moss in the family Orthodontiaceae.	Orthodontopsis bardunovii	species
taxon rank	Pectinatus is a genus of Firmicutes bacteria classified within the class Negativicutes.	Pectinatus	genus
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum absconditum, known as the 'Hidden Bulbophyllum, is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	Bulbophyllum absconditum	species
taxon rank	Milichiidae are a family of flies.	Milichiidae	family
taxon rank	Cirsonella microscopia is a species of extremely small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Cirsonella microscopia	species
taxon rank	As the physiological and anatomical difference between the two was so great, the subclass Archaeornithes was erected for the latter.	Archaeornithes	subclass
taxon rank	Dolabella auricularia, common name the ``wedge sea hare'' or ``Donsol'' in the Philippines, is a species of large sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Dolabella auricularia	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea costaricensis is a species of orchid endemic to Central America (Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama).	Stanhopea costaricensis	species
taxon rank	Dentectus barbarmatus is the only species of the monotypic genus Dentectus, a genus of armored catfish.	Dentectus barbarmatus	species
taxon rank	The Golden Yellow-flowered Dendrobium (Dendrobium chrysanthum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium chrysanthum	species
taxon rank	Gagea divaricata is an Asian species of plants in the lily family, native to Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and Xinjiang Province of western China.	Gagea divaricata	species
taxon rank	Diplogasterida was formerly an order of nematodes.	Diplogasterida	order
taxon rank	Viola alba (commonly known as white violet) is a species of violet in the family Violaceae.	Viola alba	species
taxon rank	Episoriculus is a genus of shrew in the red-toothed shrew subfamily.	Episoriculus	genus
taxon rank	Ictiocyon is an extinct genus of large, mostly carnivorous bone-crushing mammals known as bear dogs, of the family Amphicyonidae endemic to Asia during the Miocene living from 23.03--15.97 Ma and existed for approximately 7.06 million years.	Ictiocyon	genus
taxon rank	The American cheetah (Miracinonyx) is an extinct genus of at least two feline species, which were endemic to North America during the Pleistocene epoch (2.6 Ma -- 12,000 years ago) and morphologically similar to the modern cheetah.	American cheetah	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Delairea odorata, which was previously included in the genus Senecio as Senecio mikanioides, and is known as Cape ivy in some parts of the world and German ivy in others.	Delairea	species
taxon rank	Deinacrida elegans is a species of weta in family Anostostomatidae.	Deinacrida elegans	species
taxon rank	Babesia (also called Nuttallia) is a genus of protozoan apicomplexan piroplasms which was discovered by the Romanian bacteriologist Victor Babeș, that infect the blood and cause a parasitic, hemolytic disease known as babesiosis.	Babesia	genus
taxon rank	Lascoria aon is a species of litter moth of the Erebidae family..	Lascoria aon	species
taxon rank	Hackelia velutina is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name velvet stickseed.	Hackelia velutina	species
taxon rank	Wendlandia exserta (Ukan Pansara in Pakistan), (Simtaaraa in Nepal) is an evergreen tree species in the Rubiaceae family.	Wendlandia exserta	species
taxon rank	Conophytum is a genus of South African and Namibian succulent plants that belong to the Aizoaceae family.	Conophytum	genus
taxon rank	Allium maximowiczii is an Asian plant species native to Siberia, the Russian Far East, Mongolia, Japan, Korea and northeastern China (Heilongjiang, Jilin and Inner Mongolia).	Allium maximowiczii	species
taxon rank	Poecilocapsus lineatus also known as Fourlined Plant Bug, is a species of bugs from Miridae family that are native to the United States.	Poecilocapsus lineatus	species
taxon rank	Lygosoma singha (Sri Lankan supple skink or Taylor's skink) is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Lygosoma singha	species
taxon rank	Abactochromis is a monotypic genus of cichlid fish containing the single species Abactochromis labrosus (formerly known as Melanochromis labrosus).	Abactochromis labrosus	species
taxon rank	The Eurybrachidae (sometimes spelled ``Eurybrachyidae'' or ``Eurybrachiidae'') are a small family of planthoppers with species occurring in parts of Asia, Australia and Africa.	Eurybrachidae	family
taxon rank	Argyrotaenia ivana, the Ivana Leafroller Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Argyrotaenia ivana	species
taxon rank	The shah kuli (Alburnus sellal) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.	Alburnus sellal	species
taxon rank	Aplexa rivalis is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae, a family which are sometimes known as the bladder snails.	Aplexa rivalis	species
taxon rank	Stenoseris is a genus of Asian plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Stenoseris	genus
taxon rank	Trimeresurus macrops is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Southeast Asia.	Trimeresurus macrops	species
taxon rank	Crataegus anamesa, the Fort Bend Hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn that is endemic to Texas, in North America.	Crataegus anamesa	species
taxon rank	Ernolytis chlorospora is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Ernolytis.	Ernolytis chlorospora	species
taxon rank	Haplopelma is a genus of old-world tarantula found in Southeast Asia.	Haplopelma	genus
taxon rank	Labrisomus nuchipinnis, the hairy blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic Ocean from the coast of the Americas to the African coast.	Labrisomus nuchipinnis	species
taxon rank	Phlaocyon yatkolai is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the early Hemingfordian (20.4 to 16 million years ago) Runningwater Formation, Box Butte County, Nebraska (42.2°N 103.1°W, paleocoordinates 42.9°N 99.2°W).	Phlaocyon yatkolai	species
taxon rank	Dimocarpus australianus also known as Australian Native Lychee, is a species of trees, closely related to the longan, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Dimocarpus australianus	species
taxon rank	Dwardius is an extinct genus of otodontid sharks which existed during the Cretaceous period in what is now Australia, England, France, and India.	Dwardius	genus
taxon rank	Theloderma corticale (common names: mossy frog, Vietnamese mossy frog, and Tonkin bug-eyed frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Theloderma corticale	species
taxon rank	Tyrannomyrmex is a rare tropical genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Tyrannomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Erythroxylum ecarinatuma is a Southwest Pacific and Australian species of Erythroxylum.	Erythroxylum ecarinatum	species
taxon rank	Menura tyawanoides is an extinct species of lyrebird from the Early Miocene of Australia.	Menura tyawanoides	species
taxon rank	Sutilizona tunnicliffae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Sutilizonidae.	Sutilizona tunnicliffae	species
taxon rank	Megacephala helmsi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Blackburn in 1892, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala helmsi	species
taxon rank	Argonauta absyrtus is an extinct species of octopus assigned to the genus Argonauta.	Argonauta absyrtus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia helioscopia (sun spurge) is a species of spurge native to most of Europe, northern Africa, and eastward through most of Asia.	Euphorbia helioscopia	species
taxon rank	Symmoriida is an extinct order of sharks that contains three families.	Symmoriida	order
taxon rank	Xenurobrycon polyancistrus is a freshwater fish, the smallest species of characin in its family and order.	Xenurobrycon polyancistrus	species
taxon rank	Cycas brunnea is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas, native to northern Australia in northwest Queensland and northeast Northern Territory in a small area straddling the border of the two regions.	Cycas brunnea	species
taxon rank	The Anelloviridae are a recently discovered family of viruses .	Anelloviridae	family
taxon rank	Iglica kleinzellensis is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Iglica kleinzellensis	species
taxon rank	Dichochrysa is a genus of green lacewings.	Dichochrysa	genus
taxon rank	Sphaleroptera alpicolana is a moth species belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.	Sphaleroptera alpicolana	species
taxon rank	Scorpaena papillosa, common name red rock cod is a venomous species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae, the ``scorpionfish''.	Scorpaena papillosa	species
taxon rank	Myxopappus is a genus of South African flowering plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Myxopappus	genus
taxon rank	Papilio lamarchei is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found from Argentina to Bolivia.	Papilio lamarchei	species
taxon rank	Desulfovibrio is a genus of Gram-negative sulfate-reducing bacteria.	Desulfovibrio	genus
taxon rank	Cancer johngarthi is a species of crab that lives in the eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Panama.	Cancer johngarthi	species
taxon rank	Agonum chalconotum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily, that can be found in Great Britain, Latvia, Russia, and Near East.	Agonum chalconotum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium cainii is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Korea.	Penicillium cainii	species
taxon rank	It is a monotypic genus, and contains the single species Mycoalvimia theobromicola, found in Brazil.	Mycoalvimia	species
taxon rank	Syrnola tincta, common name the dyed pyramid shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Syrnola tincta	species
taxon rank	Sorbus khumbuensis is a species of Rowan in the Sorbus microphylla aggregate with crimson fruits, turning white.	Sorbus khumbuensis	species
taxon rank	Paranephrops is a genus of freshwater crayfish species endemic to New Zealand.	Paranephrops	species
taxon rank	Myrothecium verrucaria is a species of fungus in the order Hypocreales.	Myrothecium verrucaria	species
taxon rank	Kryptopterus cryptopterus (blue sheatfish) is a species of catfish, the type species of the genus Kryptopterus.	Kryptopterus cryptopterus	species
taxon rank	Heliopithecus is an extinct genus of primates that existed 16 million years ago during the Miocene epoch.	Heliopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Acromantis siporana, common name Mentawai mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Sumatra and on the Mentawai Islands.	Acromantis siporana	species
taxon rank	Termitomyces bulborhizus species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae.	Termitomyces bulborhizus	species
taxon rank	Apomastus schlingeri (misnomer Aptostichus schlingeri) is a species of venomous spiders belonging to a family of trapdoor spiders.	Apomastus schlingeri	species
taxon rank	Myoporum sandwicense, commonly known as naio, bastard sandalwood or false sandalwood is a species of flowering in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae.	Myoporum sandwicense	species
taxon rank	Lasiognathus beebei is a species of wolftrap angler known from around the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean and from around Madeira and Bermuda in the Atlantic.	Lasiognathus beebei	species
taxon rank	Peltospira delicata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Peltospiridae.	Peltospira delicata	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius melarchus, known commonly as the Yellow-eyed comb-tooth or the Java combtooth-blenny in Indonesia, is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius melarchus	species
taxon rank	Brickellia conduplicata (southwestern brickellbush) is a Mexican species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia conduplicata	species
taxon rank	Castilleja septentrionalis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by several different common names, including pale painted cup (in New Hampshire and Vermont), northern painted cup (in Maine), pale Indian paintbrush (in Michigan), and Labrador Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja septentrionalis	species
taxon rank	Sclerococcus is a weevil genus in the tribe Tropiphorini.	Sclerococcus	genus
taxon rank	Urceola micrantha is a plant species in the genus Urceola.	Urceola micrantha	species
taxon rank	Cryptostephanus is a genus of African plants in the Amaryllis family, native to Kenya, Tanzania, Angola, Mozambique, Zimbabwe and Namibia.	Cryptostephanus	genus
taxon rank	Achatina fulica is a species of land snail in the family Achatinidae, known commonly as the giant African snail or giant African land snail.	Achatina fulica	species
taxon rank	Matelea parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common names spearleaf and talayote.	Matelea parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Dysdera armenica is a spider species found in Armenia and Georgia.	Dysdera armenica	species
taxon rank	Monomorium santschii is a species of ant that is native to Tunisia.	Monomorium santschii	species
taxon rank	Dendrodoris guttata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dendrodorididae.	Dendrodoris guttata	species
taxon rank	Poecilia wingei is a very colorful guppy species, similar to the Fancy guppy often found in pet shops.	Poecilia wingei	species
taxon rank	Tetramorium parasiticum is a species of ant in the genus Tetramorium.	Tetramorium parasiticum	species
taxon rank	Anacolosa densiflora, or commonly known as Malamkara, or Kaidi in Malayalam, is a species of plant in the Olacaceae family.	Anacolosa densiflora	species
taxon rank	Euglossa bidentata is a Euglossine bee species found in the Amazon rainforest.	Euglossa bidentata	species
taxon rank	Quercus galeanensis is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family endemic to Mexico and threatened by habitat loss.	Quercus galeanensis	species
taxon rank	Banksia oligantha, commonly known as Wagin Banksia, is an endangered species in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to south west Western Australia.	Banksia oligantha	species
taxon rank	The anatipes robber frog, scientific name Strabomantis anatipes, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Strabomantis anatipes	species
taxon rank	Carpolestes is a genus of extinct primate-like mammals from the late Paleocene of North America.	Carpolestes	genus
taxon rank	Mastigopsis is a genus of whip-lash squid containing one single species.	Mastigopsis	genus
taxon rank	Fungia scruposa is a species of coral that is the first to have been observed to eat jellyfish.	Fungia scruposa	species
taxon rank	The Motacillidae are a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails.	Motacillidae	family
taxon rank	Bocatherium is a genus of tritylodont therapsid from the Pliensbachian (Early Jurassic) of Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Bocatherium	genus
taxon rank	Ferula hermonis is a Middle Eastern species of plants in the carrot family native to Syria, Israel, and Lebanon.	Ferula hermonis	species
taxon rank	The Chenopodiaceae are a family of flowering plants, also called the goosefoot family.	Chenopodiaceae	family
taxon rank	Rhyssomatus lineaticollis (milkweed stem weevil) is a species of weevil whose adults feed on the stems of the common milkweed, Asclepias syriaca.	Rhyssomatus lineaticollis	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus rhodopeplus (common name: red-skirted treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus rhodopeplus	species
taxon rank	Karyolysus is a genus of coccidia.	Karyolysus	genus
taxon rank	Paroxyopsis is a genus consisting of a single species of mantis in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.	Paroxyopsis	species
taxon rank	Townsendia leptotes is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names common Townsend daisy and slender townsendia.	Townsendia leptotes	species
taxon rank	Ardisia humilis is a species of Ardisia in the family Primulaceae, native to southeastern Asia in southern China (Guangdong, Hainan), the Philippines, and Vietnam.	Ardisia humilis	species
taxon rank	Pseudozonaria nigropunctata, common name the black-spotted cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Pseudozonaria nigropunctata	species
taxon rank	Pedicularis contorta is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common names coiled lousewort and curved-beak lousewort.	Pedicularis contorta	species
taxon rank	Zygaena punctum is a species of moth in the Zygaenidae family.	Zygaena punctum	species
taxon rank	It was described by Walker in 1866, and contains the single species Paelia lunuligera.	Paelia	species
taxon rank	Psoroptidia is a suborder of the Acari (mite) group Astigmatina.	Psoroptidia	suborder
taxon rank	Brookula benthicola is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Brookula benthicola	species
taxon rank	The Pacific pygmy owl (Glaucidium peruanum) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Pacific pygmy owl	species
taxon rank	Ampharetidae are a family of terebellid ``bristle worm'' (class Polychaeta).	Ampharetidae	family
taxon rank	Gagea minima is a Eurasian species of plants in the lily family.	Gagea minima	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus aquatilis (common water-crowfoot, white water-crowfoot) is a plant species of the genus Ranunculus, native throughout most of Europe and western North America, and also northwest Africa.	Ranunculus aquatilis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces aureus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the United Kingdom.	Streptomyces aureus	species
taxon rank	Alsodes tumultuosus is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family.	Alsodes tumultuosus	species
taxon rank	Hedyotis lessertiana is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Hedyotis lessertiana	species
taxon rank	Castianeirinae is a subfamily of corinnid sac spider.	Castianeirinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Tsuga dumosa, commonly called the Himalayan hemlock or in Chinese, Yunnan tieshan (simplified Chinese: 云南铁杉; traditional Chinese: 雲南鐵杉; pinyin: Yúnnán tiěshān), is a species of conifer native to the eastern Himalayas.	Tsuga dumosa	species
taxon rank	Triodoclytus lanifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Triodoclytus.	Triodoclytus	species
taxon rank	Diorhabda carinata is a species of leaf beetle known as the larger tamarisk beetle (larger tamarisk beetle) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Ukraine, eastern Turkey and Syria east to northwest China, Kyrgyzstan and Pakistan, extending as far south as southern Iran.	Diorhabda carinata	species
taxon rank	Hymenoxys subintegra is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Arizona rubberweed.	Hymenoxys subintegra	species
taxon rank	Monacanthus chinensis, commonly known as the fan-bellied leatherjacket or fantail leatherjacket, is a species of filefish native to the western Pacific Ocean and the eastern Indian Ocean where it is found on reefs and soft sediments at shallow depths.	Monacanthus chinensis	species
taxon rank	Palaeotringa is a prehistoric bird genus that was discovered by O. C. Marsh during the bone wars.	Palaeotringa	genus
taxon rank	Hyracodontidae is an extinct family of rhinoceroses endemic to North America, Europe, and Asia during the Eocene through early Miocene living from 55.8--20 mya, existing for approximately 35.8 million years.	Hyracodontidae	family
taxon rank	Lissotesta ambigua is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Lissotesta ambigua	species
taxon rank	Trianthema portulacastrum is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family known by the common names desert horsepurslane, black pigweed, and giant pigweed.	Trianthema portulacastrum	species
taxon rank	Omphalotropis carolinensis is a species of minute salt marsh snail with an operculum, an terrestrial gastropod mollusk, or micromollusk, in the family Assimineidae.	Omphalotropis carolinensis	species
taxon rank	Cerobasis harteni is a species of Psocoptera from Trogiidae family that can be found in Azores and North Africa.	Cerobasis harteni	species
taxon rank	Takhtajania is a genus of flowering plants of the family Winteraceae, which contains a single species, Takhtajania perrieri.	Takhtajania	species
taxon rank	Thapsia villosa, commonly known as the villous deadly carrot, is a species of poisonous herbaceous plants in the genus Thapsia.	Thapsia villosa	species
taxon rank	Citrus indica is a species of Citrus known by the common name Indian wild orange.	Citrus indica	species
taxon rank	Synodontis katangae is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia where it is found in the Congo Basin.	Synodontis katangae	species
taxon rank	Conus hieroglyphus, common name the hieroglyphic cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus hieroglyphus	species
taxon rank	Castniidae, or castniid moths, is a small family of moths with fewer than 200 species:	Castniidae	family
taxon rank	Stygopholcus absoloni is a cellar spider species found in Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina.	Stygopholcus absoloni	species
taxon rank	Bhutanitis is a genus of swallowtail butterflies that contains four species.	Bhutanitis	genus
taxon rank	Elphidium williamsoni is a species of foraminifera belonging to the family Elphidiidae.	Elphidium williamsoni	species
taxon rank	Smilax maritima is a North American species of plants native to the southeastern United States from Texas to North Carolina.	Smilax maritima	species
taxon rank	The Bougainville crow (Corvus meeki) is a species of bird in the crow family Corvidae.	Bougainville crow	species
taxon rank	Agaricus aurantioviolaceus is an species of fungus in the genus Agaricus.	Agaricus aurantioviolaceus	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus ochrophloia, commonly known as the yapunyah, is a species of eucalypt native to inland New South Wales and Queensland in eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus ochrophloia	species
taxon rank	Mordella fairmairei is a species of beetle in the Mordella genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Mordella fairmairei	species
taxon rank	Argiolestinae is a subfamily of damselflies.	Argiolestinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Borophagus dudleyi (``devouring glutton'') is an extinct species of the genus Borophagus of the subfamily Borophaginae, a group of canids endemic to North America from the late Hemphillian of the Miocene epoch (10.3 Mya) through the Pliocene epoch (4.9 Mya).	Borophagus dudleyi	species
taxon rank	Piperia leptopetala is a species of orchid known by the common names narrow-petal rein orchid and lacy rein orchid.	Piperia leptopetala	species
taxon rank	Patera clarki, the dwarf proud globe, is a species of land snail in the family Polygyridae.	Patera clarki	species
taxon rank	Stachybotrys (Stak-ē-bot′ris) is a genus of molds, hyphomycetes or asexually reproducing, filamentous fungi.	Stachybotrys	genus
taxon rank	Macropidia fuliginosa, the sole species of genus Macropidia, is a perennial rhizomatous flowering plant.	Macropidia	species
taxon rank	Poblana squamata, the Quechulac silverside, is a species of neotropical silverside endemic to Mexico.	Poblana squamata	species
taxon rank	Epialtinae is a subfamily of crabs, containing the following genera:	Epialtinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Brassia cochleata is an epiphytic species of orchid.	Brassia cochleata	species
taxon rank	Carabus italicus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Italy, Slovenia, and Switzerland.	Carabus italicus	species
taxon rank	Clarias nigricans is a species of clariid catfish.	Clarias nigricans	species
taxon rank	Oxydoras kneri is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná River basin in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.	Oxydoras kneri	species
taxon rank	Barbus brachygramma (or the linespotted ufipa barb) is a rare species African freshwater cyprinid fish.	Barbus brachygramma	species
taxon rank	Tetraodon erythrotaenia, or the Red-striped toadfish, is a species of pufferfish native to Indonesia and Papua New Guinea where it is found most often in brackish water environments.	Tetraodon erythrotaenia	species
taxon rank	Anomalochelys is an extinct genus of land turtle from the Upper Cretaceous of Hokkaido, Japan.	Anomalochelys	genus
taxon rank	Glyptaesopus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Borsoniidae	Glyptaesopus	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtinoopsis intensa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cyrtinoopsis.	Cyrtinoopsis intensa	species
taxon rank	The African firefinch (Lagonosticta rubricata), also called the blue-billed firefinch due to the color of its bill, is a common species of estrildid finch found in almost all parts of Africa.	African firefinch	species
taxon rank	Fragaria daltoniana is a species of strawberry native to the Himalayas.	Fragaria daltoniana	species
taxon rank	Sinodytes hubbardi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Sinodytes.	Sinodytes	genus
taxon rank	Rosa villosa, the apple rose, is a species of rose.	Rosa villosa	species
taxon rank	Tectocoris lineola, the Jewel Bug or Harlequin Bug, is a species of shield-backed bugs belonging to the family Scutelleridae.	Tectocoris lineola	species
taxon rank	Crassicorophium bonellii is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus Crassicorophium.	Crassicorophium bonellii	species
taxon rank	Turbo cidaris, common name the crown turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo cidaris	species
taxon rank	Gunda subnotata is a species of moth in the family Bombycidae.	Gunda subnotata	species
taxon rank	Acupicta is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) are found in the Indomalaya ecozone and the Australasian ecozone.	Acupicta	genus
taxon rank	Janthina janthina, common name the common purple snail, is a species of holoplanktonic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae, the violet snails or purple storm snails.	Janthina janthina	species
taxon rank	Tachyrhynchus erosus, common name the eroded turretsnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.	Tachyrhynchus erosus	species
taxon rank	Kyranycha fraudatrix is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Kyranycha.	Kyranycha fraudatrix	species
taxon rank	Burkholderia cenocepacia is a species of Gram-negative bacteria that is common in the environment and may cause disease in plants.	Burkholderia cenocepacia	species
taxon rank	Epilobium clavatum is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Talus Willowherb and Clavatefruit Willowherb.	Epilobium clavatum	species
taxon rank	Nebria elegans is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Uttar Pradesh province of India.	Nebria elegans	species
taxon rank	The Rodrigues blue pigeon (Alectroenas payandeei) is an extinct species of blue pigeon which was endemic to Rodrigues.	Rodrigues blue pigeon	species
taxon rank	Trichonotus is a genus of marine perciform fishes.	Trichonotus	genus
taxon rank	The Somuncura frog or El Rincon stream frog (Pleurodema somuncurense, in Spanish rana de Somuncura) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Somuncura frog	species
taxon rank	Eriphioidea is a superfamily of crabs, containing the six families Dairoididae, Eriphiidae, Hypothalassiidae, Menippidae, Oziidae and Platyxanthidae.	Eriphioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Anzina carneonivea.	Anzina	species
taxon rank	Nebalia bipes is a species of leptostracan crustacean, and the first species in the order to have been described (in 1780, under the name Cancer bipes).	Nebalia bipes	species
taxon rank	Stigmatochromis woodi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it can be found hunting for prey over sandy areas.	Stigmatochromis woodi	species
taxon rank	The one species in this genus, Samburupithecus kiptalami, is known only from a maxilla fragment dated to 9.5 million years ago discovered in 1982 and formally described by Ishida & Pickford 1997.	Samburupithecus	genus
taxon rank	Liaoxisaurus is a genus of simodeosaurid choristodere, a type of crocodile-like aquatic reptile.	Liaoxisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Macropsobrycon is a genus of characins from eastern South America.	Macropsobrycon	genus
taxon rank	Blenniella caudolineata, the Blue-spotted blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean.	Blenniella caudolineata	species
taxon rank	Ficus hispida is a small but well distributed species of tropical fig tree.	Ficus hispida	species
taxon rank	Horalabiosa arunachalami is a species of fish that was described by J.A. Johnson and Soranam (2001).	Horalabiosa arunachalami	species
taxon rank	Gorgasia is a genus of garden eels in the family Congridae.	Gorgasia	genus
taxon rank	Metatrichoniscoides fouresi is a species of woodlouse in the family Trichoniscidae that is found in France.	Metatrichoniscoides fouresi	species
taxon rank	Lecocarpus is a plant genus in the sunflower family, native to Galápagos Islands, part of Ecuador.	Lecocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Dictyospermum is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family, first described in 1849.	Dictyospermum	genus
taxon rank	Grammatorcynus is a genus of ray-finned bony fish in the family Scombridae.	Grammatorcynus	genus
taxon rank	This genus is currently the only one assigned to the family Glaucosomatidae.	Glaucosoma	genus
taxon rank	Odostomia is the most speciose genus of minute sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks.	Odostomia	genus
taxon rank	The Andean small-eared shrew (Cryptotis avia) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Andean small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Alsodes igneus is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to Chile; it is only known from its type locality, the Tolhuaca National Park, Malleco Province, on the western slopes of the Andes.	Alsodes igneus	species
taxon rank	Salvia chamelaeagnea is a species of flowering plant in genus Salvia, known as sages.	Salvia chamelaeagnea	species
taxon rank	Metacrinus is a genus of stalked crinoids in the family Isselicrinidae.	Metacrinus	genus
taxon rank	Papaver commutatum is a species of flowering plant in the family Papaveraceae native to northern Turkey, northwestern Iran and the Caucasus.	Papaver commutatum	species
taxon rank	Chungkingosaurus, meaning ``Chongqing Lizard'', is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Upper Shaximiao Formation in what is now China.	Chungkingosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Metylophorus nebulosus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland.	Metylophorus nebulosus	species
taxon rank	Allium dictuon is a species of wild onion known by the common name Blue Mountain onion.	Allium dictuon	species
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis signatifrons is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River area.	Pyrgomantis signatifrons	species
taxon rank	Celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family.	Celestus microblepharis	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea stevensonii is a species of orchid endemic to Colombia (Meta).	Stanhopea stevensonii	species
taxon rank	Tupandactylus (meaning ``Tupan finger'', in reference to the Tupi thunder god) is a genus of tapejarid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous Crato Formation of Brazil.	Tupandactylus	genus
taxon rank	Lycodon flavomaculatus, commonly called the yellow-spotted wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in the Western Ghats of India.	Lycodon flavomaculatus	species
taxon rank	Collaria is a genus of Amoebozoa in the family Stemonitidaceae.	Collaria	genus
taxon rank	Blechnum procerum, commonly known as mountain kiokio or small kiokio, is a species of fern found in New Zealand.	Blechnum procerum	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes variolosus, the red-speckled blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific ocean.	Cirripectes variolosus	species
taxon rank	Ophthalmoptera longipennis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ophthalmoptera of the family Ulidiidae.	Ophthalmoptera longipennis	species
taxon rank	Miltonia moreliana is a species of orchid occurring in Brazil (southeastern Bahia to northern Espírito Santo).	Miltonia moreliana	species
taxon rank	The Danaini are a tribe of brush-footed butterflies (family Nymphalidae).	Danaini	tribe
taxon rank	Dosinia anus, common name the ringed dosinia, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.	Dosinia anus	species
taxon rank	Aenictus fergusoni is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Nicobar Islands, Thailand, Vietnam, and China.	Aenictus fergusoni	species
taxon rank	Dasysyrphus pauxillus is a North American and European species of hoverfly.	Dasysyrphus pauxillus	species
taxon rank	Weinmannia spiraeoides was a species of plant in the Cunoniaceae family.	Weinmannia spiraeoides	species
taxon rank	Lambdoceras is an extinct genus of Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla (subfamily Synthetoceratinae) endemic to North America during the Miocene, living epoch 20.6--13.6 Ma, existing for approximately 7 million years.	Lambdoceras	genus
taxon rank	Gecatogomphius is an extinct genus of Middle Permian captorinid with multiple tooth rows known from the Kirov Oblast and the Republic of Tatarstan of Russia.	Gecatogomphius	genus
taxon rank	The Caatinga cacholote (Pseudoseisura cristata) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Caatinga cacholote	species
taxon rank	Resupinatus applicatus, commonly known as the smoked oysterling or the black jelly oyster, is a species of fungus in the family Tricholomataceae, and the type species of the genus Resupinatus.	Resupinatus applicatus	species
taxon rank	Strumaria barbarae is a species of plant that is native to Namibia and to Cape Province in South Africa.	Strumaria barbarae	species
taxon rank	Sarcodon squamosus is a species of fungus in the genus Sarcodon.	Sarcodon squamosus	species
taxon rank	Lithodes galapagensis is a species of king crab identified in 2009 which lives around the Galapagos Islands, in warm water.	Lithodes galapagensis	species
taxon rank	The Thick-spurred Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum crassipes) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum crassipes	species
taxon rank	Limnocyon is a genus of hyaenodontid creodont that lived in North America during the middle Eocene, existing for approximately 10 million years.	Limnocyon	genus
taxon rank	Burnupia crassistriata is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet, an aquatic gastropod mollusk which was traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Burnupia crassistriata	species
taxon rank	Trochidrobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Tateidae.	Trochidrobia	genus
taxon rank	Tetheamyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Tetheamyrma subspongia.	Tetheamyrma	genus
taxon rank	Trichostema austromontanum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name San Jacinto bluecurls.	Trichostema austromontanum	species
taxon rank	Pitcairnia spectabilis is a species in the genus Pitcairnia.	Pitcairnia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Fusiturris similis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Fusiturris similis	species
taxon rank	Polypterus congicus, the Congo bichir, is a species of bichir with a maximum recorded size of 970mm (39``).	Polypterus congicus	species
taxon rank	Guancha philippina is a species of calcareous sponge from the Philippines.	Guancha philippina	species
taxon rank	Brevicipitidae or rain frogs is a small family of frogs, which as of November 2013 contains 34 species in 5 genera.	Brevicipitidae	family
taxon rank	Mertensophryne lindneri (common names: Dar es Salaam toad, Lindners toad, Lindners dwarf toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne lindneri	species
taxon rank	Agonum cupreum is a species of ground beetle from the family Platyninae.	Agonum cupreum	species
taxon rank	Paralamiodorcadion schmidi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paralamiodorcadion.	Paralamiodorcadion schmidi	species
taxon rank	Crambus alienellus is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Crambus alienellus	species
taxon rank	Thyreus is an Old World genus of bees, one of many that are commonly known as cuckoo bees, and are cleptoparasites of other species of bees, mostly in the genus Amegilla.	Thyreus	genus
taxon rank	Celastrina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found in the Palearctic, Nearctic, Indomalayan and Australasian ecozones.	Celastrina	genus
taxon rank	Poecilia sphenops is a species of fish, of the genus Poecilia, known under the common name molly; to distinguish it from its congeners, it is sometimes called short-finned molly or common molly.	Poecilia sphenops	species
taxon rank	Oenopota pyramidalis, common name the pyramid lora, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	Oenopota pyramidalis	species
taxon rank	Ernstichthys anduzei is a species of banjo catfish endemic to the Orinoco River basin of Venezuela.	Ernstichthys anduzei	species
taxon rank	Carex hirtifolia, the pubescent sedge, is a species of sedge native to north-eastern North America.	Carex hirtifolia	species
taxon rank	Taenioides is a genus of gobies native to fresh, brackish and marine waters of the coastal areas of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Taenioides	genus
taxon rank	Hoplopholcus forskali is a cellar spider species found from Eastern Europe to Turkmenistan.	Hoplopholcus forskali	species
taxon rank	Canis cedazoensis is an extinct species of smaller Canidae which was endemic to North America from the Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch living 4.9 Ma--300,000 years ago.	Canis cedazoensis	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa alpica is a ground spider species found in Europe.	Gnaphosa alpica	species
taxon rank	Alcantarea imperialis is a species of bromeliad in the genus Alcantarea.	Alcantarea imperialis	species
taxon rank	The Atherospermataceae, commonly known as the southern sassafrases, are a family of broadleaf evergreen trees and shrubs.	Atherospermataceae	family
taxon rank	Cremnophila pyraustella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cremnophila.	Cremnophila pyraustella	species
taxon rank	Nephrotoma is a genus of crane flies.	Nephrotoma	genus
taxon rank	Sorbus leptophylla, the thin-leaved whitebeam, is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus leptophylla	species
taxon rank	Bidens cabopulmensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens cabopulmensis	species
taxon rank	Sebastes rubrivinctus is a species of fish in the rockfish family found in the Eastern Pacific	Sebastes rubrivinctus	species
taxon rank	Aplysiopsis is a genus of sacoglossan sea slugs, a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Hermaeidae.	Aplysiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Stephanorrhina is a genus belonging to the Scarabaeidae family, Cetoniinae subfamily, tribe Goliathini.	Stephanorrhina	genus
taxon rank	Omeisaurus (meaning ``Omei lizard'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic Period (Bathonian-Callovian stage) of what is now China.	Omeisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Microseris nutans is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name nodding microseris.	Microseris nutans	species
taxon rank	Ischnochiton cariosus, commonly known as the Corroded Ischnochiton is a species of chiton in the Ischnochiton genus that lives under rocks in the intertidal and shallow subtidal waters of southern Australia and up the coast of Western Australia as far as Shark Bay.	Ischnochiton cariosus	species
taxon rank	Abralia astrosticta is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod present in the waters of Australia, French Polynesia, Japan, New Zealand, the Philippines and Hawaiʻi.	Abralia astrosticta	species
taxon rank	Due to a lack of known major threats to the species, the IUCN redlist currently lists the Western Atlantic finless eel as Least Concern.	Western Atlantic finless eel	species
taxon rank	Asclepias eriocarpa is a species of milkweed known by the common names woollypod milkweed, Indian milkweed, and kotolo.	Asclepias eriocarpa	species
taxon rank	The Malayan porcupine or Himalayan porcupine (Hystrix brachyura) is a species of rodent in the family Hystricidae.	Malayan porcupine	species
taxon rank	Mallotus thunbergianus is a species of evergreen plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Mallotus thunbergianus	species
taxon rank	Regaliceratops is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsid dinosaur that lived during the late Cretaceous period, about 68 million years ago (Mya) in what is now Canada.	Regaliceratops	genus
taxon rank	Passiflora viridescens is a plant species native to Perú and Ecuador.	Passiflora viridescens	species
taxon rank	Pachycondyla is a ponerine genus of ants found in the Neotropics.	Pachycondyla	genus
taxon rank	Allocota aurata is a species of either blackish-green or brownish-green coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as China, Japan, Laos, Nepal, Taiwan (Formosa) and Viet Nam.	Allocota aurata	species
taxon rank	Pethia didi is a species of cyprinid fish which has only been recorded in the vicinity of Myitkyina and Indawgyi Lake in the north of Myanmar.	Pethia didi	species
taxon rank	Valonia ventricosa, also known as ``bubble algae'' and ``sailors' eyeballs'', is a species of algae found in oceans throughout the world in tropical and subtropical regions.	Valonia ventricosa	species
taxon rank	Tucanti plumicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tucanti.	Tucanti plumicornis	species
taxon rank	Roblinella agnewi is a species of small land snail in the family Charopidae.	Roblinella agnewi	species
taxon rank	Hyotherium is an extinct genus in the pig family.	Hyotherium	genus
taxon rank	The Texas toad (Anaxyrus speciosus) is a species of medium-sized (to 9 cm (3.5 in)) toad that occurs in the southern United States and northern Mexico.	Texas toad	species
taxon rank	Placidochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in Eastern Africa.	Placidochromis	genus
taxon rank	Cryptantha crassipes is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Terlingua Creek cat's-eye.	Cryptantha crassipes	species
taxon rank	The subfamily Vespinae contains the largest and best-known eusocial wasps, including true hornets (the genus Vespa), and the ``yellowjackets'' (genera Dolichovespula and Vespula).	Vespinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Ecsenius oculus, known commonly in Micronesia as the Ocular blenny and as the Coral blenny on Christmas Island, is a species of combtooth blenny in the genus Ecsenius.	Ecsenius oculus	species
taxon rank	Prionotus carolinus, commonly known as the northern sea robin, common sea robin or gurnard, is a species of ray-finned fish found in shallow water on the east coast of the United States.	Prionotus carolinus	species
taxon rank	Garrya wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the family Garryaceae known by the common names Wright's silktassel, quinine-bush, coffee berry, bearberry, feverbush, and grayleaf dogwood.	Garrya wrightii	species
taxon rank	Pinctada fucata, the Akoya pearl oyster, is a species of marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pteriidae, the pearl oysters.	Pinctada fucata	species
taxon rank	Nyctegretis cullinanensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Nyctegretis.	Nyctegretis cullinanensis	species
taxon rank	Dictyna tullgreni is a species of spider in the Dictynidae family.	Dictyna tullgreni	species
taxon rank	Perdicella fulgurans is an extinct species of tropical, tree-living, air-breathing, land snail, arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Perdicella fulgurans	species
taxon rank	Kylix halocydne is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae that lives in a tropical climate, usually in the Eastern Pacific area.	Kylix halocydne	species
taxon rank	Olyra collettii is a species of longtail catfish.	Olyra collettii	species
taxon rank	Methylomonas scandinavica is a species of Gram-negative gammaproteobacteria found in deep igneous rock ground water in Sweden.	Methylomonas scandinavica	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia teaguei is a species of orchid in the genus Masdevallia.	Masdevallia teaguei	species
taxon rank	Microbacteriaceae is a family of bacteria of the order Actinomycetales.	Microbacteriaceae	family
taxon rank	Taxus fuana is a species of conifer in the yew family Taxaceae family.	Taxus fuana	species
taxon rank	Aloe bakeri is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, native to Madagascar.	Aloe bakeri	species
taxon rank	Procambarus franzi, the Orange Lake cave crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus franzi	species
taxon rank	Cavolinia tridentata is a species of sea butterfly, a floating and swimming sea snail or sea slug, a pelagic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cavoliniidae.	Cavolinia tridentata	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus zacae, the Zaca blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico from Baja California to Acapulco.	Malacoctenus zacae	species
taxon rank	The Shiny Crystal Dendrobium (Dendrobium crystallinum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium crystallinum	species
taxon rank	Mongolbittacus is an extinct genus of hangingfly in the family Bittacidae and containing a single species Mongolbittacus daohugoensis.	Mongolbittacus	genus
taxon rank	Munditia mayana, common name May's munditia, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Liotiidae.	Munditia mayana	species
taxon rank	Quercus laurina is a Mexican species of trees in the Fagaceae.	Quercus laurina	species
taxon rank	Borassus aethiopum is a species of Borassus palm from Africa.	Borassus aethiopum	species
taxon rank	Palaeoloxodon namadicus or the Asian straight-tusked elephant, was a species of prehistoric elephant that ranged throughout Pleistocene Asia, from India (where it was first discovered) to Japan, where the indigenous Neolithic cultures hunted that particular subspecies for food.	Palaeoloxodon namadicus	species
taxon rank	Gelidium amansii is an economically important species of red algae commonly found in the shallow coast (3 to 10 meters or 10 to 33 feet of depth below the water) of many east Asian countries including North and South Korea, China, Japan, and Singapore.	Gelidium amansii	species
taxon rank	Uvanilla olivacea, common name the blood-spotted star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Uvanilla olivacea	species
taxon rank	Allium unifolium, the one-leaf onion or American garlic, is a North American species of wild onion.	Allium unifolium	species
taxon rank	Ptilosarcus gurneyi, the orange sea pen or fleshy sea pen, is a species of sea pen in the family Pennatulidae.	Ptilosarcus gurneyi	species
taxon rank	Brychius hornii is a species of beetle in the genus Brychius that was first described by George Robert Crotch in 1873.	Brychius hornii	species
taxon rank	Astrolepis cochisensis is a species of fern known by the common name Cochise scaly cloak fern.	Astrolepis cochisensis	species
taxon rank	Mictyris longicarpus, the light-blue soldier crab, is a species of crab that lives on sandy beaches from the Bay of Bengal to Australia; with other members of the genus Mictyris, it is ``one of the most loved crabs in Australia''.	Mictyris longicarpus	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea carnea, the pink morning glory, is a species of morning glory.	Ipomoea carnea	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops rufidorsus, or the Rose blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops rufidorsus	species
taxon rank	Cratogeomys is a genus of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Cratogeomys	genus
taxon rank	Pleiospilos is a genus of succulent flowering plants of the Aizoaceae family, native to South Africa.	Pleiospilos	genus
taxon rank	Clepsis virescana, the light brown apple moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Clepsis virescana	species
taxon rank	Awaous lateristriga, the West African freshwater goby, is a species of goby found in marine, fresh and brackish waters (though mostly in freshwaters) along the Atlantic coast of Africa from Senegal to the Cunene River, Angola and also from islands in the Gulf of Guinea.	Awaous lateristriga	species
taxon rank	Asteropseidae is a family of sea stars.	Asteropseidae	family
taxon rank	†'Partula raiatensis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula raiatensis	species
taxon rank	Ginkgo cranei is an extinct Ginkgo species in the family Ginkgoaceae described from a series of isolated fossil ovulate organs and leaves.	Ginkgo cranei	species
taxon rank	Chitron mniszechi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Chitron.	Chitron mniszechi	species
taxon rank	Orontium wolfei is an extinct golden-club species in the family Araceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves.	Orontium wolfei	species
taxon rank	Thryptomene hyporhytis is a shrub species in the family Myrtaceae.	Thryptomene hyporhytis	species
taxon rank	Coelotilapia joka is a species of cichlid fish from Sierra Leone and Liberia in West Africa.	Coelotilapia joka	species
taxon rank	Discus macclintocki is a species of land snail in the family Discidae known commonly as the Iowa Pleistocene snail and Pleistocene disc.	Discus macclintocki	species
taxon rank	Floscopa mannii is a species of plant in the family Commelinaceae.	Floscopa mannii	species
taxon rank	Ethmophyllum was a genus of Cambrian sponge.	Ethmophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Nebria nana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai province of China, and Tibet.	Nebria nana	species
taxon rank	Fissurisepta manawatawhia is a species of keyhole limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae.	Fissurisepta manawatawhia	species
taxon rank	Eupatorium pilosum, rough boneset, is a rare North American species of plant in sunflower family.	Eupatorium pilosum	species
taxon rank	Conus mus, common name the mouse cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus mus	species
taxon rank	Suberites ficus is a species of sponge in the family Suberitidae.	Suberites ficus	species
taxon rank	Megachile albisecta is a species of leafcutter bee in the family Megachilidae.	Megachile albisecta	species
taxon rank	Cualabaea is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Jurassic period.	Cualabaea	genus
taxon rank	Phyllodus is an extinct genus of fish from the Eocene.	Phyllodus	genus
taxon rank	Amanita daucipes is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family of the Agaricales order of mushrooms.	Amanita daucipes	species
taxon rank	Carausius morosus (the 'common', 'Indian' or 'laboratory' stick insect) is a species of Phasmatodea (phasmid) that is often kept by schools and individuals as pets.	Carausius morosus	species
taxon rank	Turiasaurus (meaning ``Turia lizard''; Turia is the Latin name of Teruel) is a genus of sauropod dinosaurs.	Turiasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Iris cathayensis is a beardless iris in the genus Iris, in the subgenus Limniris and in the Tenuifoliae series of the species.	Iris cathayensis	species
taxon rank	Oriaethus longicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Oriaethus.	Oriaethus longicornis	species
taxon rank	Uromastyx alfredschmidti, commonly known as the ebony mastigure, Schmidt's mastigure, or Schmidt's spiny-tailed lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.	Uromastyx alfredschmidti	species
taxon rank	Palvennia is an extinct genus of ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaurian known from the uppermost Jurassic of Central Spitsbergen, Norway.	Palvennia	genus
taxon rank	Aglaomorpha novoguineensis is a species of ferns in the Polypodiaceae family.	Aglaomorpha novoguineensis	species
taxon rank	Clinopodium glabellum, the glade calamint, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family.	Clinopodium glabellum	species
taxon rank	Antillogorgia bipinnata, the bipinnate sea plume, is a species of colonial soft coral, a sea fan in the family Gorgoniidae.	Antillogorgia bipinnata	species
taxon rank	Prodiplocynodon is an extinct genus of basal crocodyloid crocodylian.	Prodiplocynodon	genus
taxon rank	Embernagra is a genus of finch-like tanagers.	Embernagra	genus
taxon rank	Laeliinae is a Neotropical subtribe including 40 orchid genera, such as Brassavola, Laelia, Sophronitis, and Cattleya.	Laeliinae	subtribe
taxon rank	The single known species, Neogaeornis wetzeli, was described from fossils found in the Campanian to Maastrichtian Quiriquina Formation of Chile.	Neogaeornis	species
taxon rank	Papilio thuraui is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Tanzania, Malawi, Zambia and Congo Republic.	Papilio thuraui	species
taxon rank	The Indian stingless bee or dammar bee, Tetragonula iridipennis, is a species of bee belonging to the family Apidae, subfamily Apinae.	Tetragonula iridipennis	species
taxon rank	Magosternarchus is a genus of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae, containing two species.	Magosternarchus	genus
taxon rank	Acadagnostus is a genus of trilobite from the Middle Cambrian, with 7 species currently recognized.	Acadagnostus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthocephalus dirus is a species of parasitic worm in the Echinorhynchidae family.	Acanthocephalus dirus	species
taxon rank	Dactylorhiza incarnata, the early marsh-orchid, is a perennial, temperate-climate species of orchid generally found growing in wet meadows, and generally on base-rich soils, up to about 2100m asl.	Dactylorhiza incarnata	species
taxon rank	Achyranthes is a genus of medicinal and ornamental plants in the amaranth family, Amaranthaceae.	Achyranthes	genus
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus ayarzaguenai (in Spanish: sapito ninera de Ayarzaguena) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus ayarzaguenai	species
taxon rank	Cnesterodon is a genus of poeciliids native to South America.	Cnesterodon	genus
taxon rank	Fukuititan is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived in the Early Cretaceous (Barremian age) in what is now Japan.	Fukuititan	genus
taxon rank	Blepharomyia is a genus of tachinid flies in the family Tachinidae.	Blepharomyia	genus
taxon rank	Incilius canaliferus, also known as the dwarf toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius canaliferus	species
taxon rank	Brunnera macrophylla (Siberian bugloss, great forget-me-not, heartleaf) is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae, native to the Caucasus.	Brunnera macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Eucephalus engelmannii is a North American species in the aster fammily known by the common name Engelmann's aster.	Eucephalus engelmannii	species
taxon rank	Leptochloa dubia is a species of grass known by the common names green sprangletop and zacate gigante.	Leptochloa dubia	species
taxon rank	The Chatham penguin (Eudyptes chathamensis) was a species of penguin, now extinct.	Chatham penguin	species
taxon rank	Prionolepis (meaning ``saw scale'') is a genus of prehistoric fish.	Prionolepis	genus
taxon rank	Agapanthia frivaldszkyi is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, that can be found in Syria and Turkey.	Agapanthia frivaldszkyi	species
taxon rank	Empididae is a family of flies with over 3,000 described species occurring worldwide in all the Ecozones but the majority are found in the Holarctic.	Empididae	family
taxon rank	The Chthamalidae are a family of chthamaloid barnacles, living entirely in intertidal/subtidal habitats, characterized by a primary shell wall of eight, six, or four plates, lacking imbricating plate whorls, and either membraneous or more rarely calcareous basis.	Chthamalidae	family
taxon rank	Dugesia hepta is a species of freshwater triclad endemic to Sardinia.	Dugesia hepta	species
taxon rank	Bothrostethus annulipes is a species of Coreidae family, subfamily Pseudophloeinae.	Bothrostethus annulipes	species
taxon rank	Praealticus margaritatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean, around Samoa.	Praealticus margaritatus	species
taxon rank	Allium sacculiferum is an East Asian species of wild onion native to Japan, Korea, eastern Russia (Amur Oblast, Khabarovsk, Primorye), and northeastern China (Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning).	Allium sacculiferum	species
taxon rank	Festuca subulata is a species of grass known by the common names bearded fescue and nodding fescue.	Festuca subulata	species
taxon rank	Hypselobarbus jerdoni, also known as Jerdon's carp, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India where it is found in larger streams of southern Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Maharashtra.	Hypselobarbus jerdoni	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Vallariopsis lancifolia, native to Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo, and Sumatra.	Vallariopsis	species
taxon rank	Xestia maculata is an owlet moth species found in North America, where it has been recorded from western Canada and Montana.	Xestia maculata	species
taxon rank	Rubus arvensis, the field blackberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus arvensis	species
taxon rank	Castilleja applegatei is a species of Castilleja known by the common names Applegate's Indian paintbrush and wavyleaf Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja applegatei	species
taxon rank	Parahoplitidae is an extinct family of Cretaceous ammonites with stoutly ribbed, compressed, generally involute shells lacking or with only minor tubercles included in the Deshayestaceae, a superfamily now separated from the Hoplitacaceae.	Parahoplitidae	family
taxon rank	Wallichia triandra is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family that is native to South Tibet in China and also to the neighboring Arunachal Pradesh region of India.	Wallichia triandra	species
taxon rank	Plectocomiopsis is a dioecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in Indochina, Malaysia, Borneo and Sumatra.	Plectocomiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Cricetulodon is an extinct genus of muroid rodent named in 1965.	Cricetulodon	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus melanophloia, commonly known as Silver-leaved Ironbark, is a species of Eucalyptus which is native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.	Eucalyptus melanophloia	species
taxon rank	Arceuthobium monticola is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as western white pine dwarf mistletoe.	Arceuthobium monticola	species
taxon rank	Pietschellus is an extinct genus of enigmatic bony fish which existed in northern Italy during the early Eocene epoch (Ypresian age).	Pietschellus	genus
taxon rank	Capsospongia is a middle Cambrian sponge genus known from 2 specimens in the Burgess shale.	Capsospongia	genus
taxon rank	Dyckia rariflora is a species in the genus Dyckia endemic to the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Dyckia rariflora	species
taxon rank	Antipodocottus galatheae is a species of sculpin found on the continental shelf around New Zealand.	Antipodocottus galatheae	species
taxon rank	Nomada adusta, is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae.	Nomada adusta	species
taxon rank	Sarothrocera lowii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sarothrocera.	Sarothrocera lowii	species
taxon rank	Glomerida is an order of pill-millipedes found primarily in the Northern Hemisphere.	Glomerida	order
taxon rank	Truebella is a genus of true toads native to Peru at Ayacucho and Junín regions.	Truebella	genus
taxon rank	Glyceria is a widespread genus of grass family common across Eurasia, Australia, North Africa, and the Americas.	Glyceria	genus
taxon rank	Berosus pugnax is a species of hydrophilid beetle native to the United States.	Berosus pugnax	species
taxon rank	Quercus copeyensis is a species of oak endemic to the Talamancan montane forests of Costa Rica and Panama.	Quercus copeyensis	species
taxon rank	Canistrum camacaense is a species of bromiliad of the genus Canistrum.	Canistrum camacaense	species
taxon rank	Moluccella is a genus of annual and short-lived perennial plants native to Central + southwestern Asia and the Mediterranean.	Moluccella	genus
taxon rank	Mahgarita stevensi is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in North America during the late Eocene.	Mahgarita	genus
taxon rank	The Commerson's anchovy (Stolephorus commersonnii), also known as Devis's anchovy, Long-jawed anchovy, Teri anchovy, is a species of anadromous fish in the Engraulidae family.	Stolephorus commersonnii	species
taxon rank	Coryanthes, commonly known as Bucket Orchids, is a genus of tropical epiphytic orchids.	Coryanthes	genus
taxon rank	Beaudouin's snake eagle (Circaetus beaudouini) is a species of snake eagle in the Accipitridae family found in the Sahel region of west Africa.	Beaudouin's snake eagle	species
taxon rank	Phacelia formosula is a rare species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name North Park phacelia.	Phacelia formosula	species
taxon rank	Tchangmargarya multilabiata is a species of large operculate freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae, the river snails.	Tchangmargarya multilabiata	species
taxon rank	Helicia australasica, also named Austral oak or creek silky oak, is a species of rainforest trees, and constitutes part of the flowering plant family Proteaceae.	Helicia australasica	species
taxon rank	Eulithidium affine, common name the polka-dot pheasant or the spotted pheasant, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.	Eulithidium affine	species
taxon rank	Indirana chiravasi (Amboli leaping frog) is a species of frog from the Western Ghats of India.	Indirana chiravasi	species
taxon rank	Grusonia parishii (Orcutt) Pinkava is a species of cactus known by the common names matted cholla and Parish club cholla.	Grusonia parishii	species
taxon rank	Macropodia rostrata, common names, the common spider crab, long-legged spider crab, long-legged crab, is a species of marine crab in the family Inachidae.	Macropodia rostrata	species
taxon rank	Capsella bursa-pastoris, known by its common name shepherd's-purse because of its triangular, purse-like pods, is a small (up to 0.5 m) annual and ruderal species, and a member of the Brassicaceae or mustard family.	Capsella bursa-pastoris	species
taxon rank	Pseudotothyris is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America.	Pseudotothyris	genus
taxon rank	Skenella edwardiensis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cingulopsidae.	Skenella edwardiensis	species
taxon rank	Nebo flavipes is a species of scorpions in the family Diplocentridae.	Nebo flavipes	species
taxon rank	Corymbia is a genus of about 113 species of tree that were classified as Eucalyptus species until the mid-1990s.	Corymbia	genus
taxon rank	The Syngnathiformes are an order of ray-finned fishes that includes the pipefishes and seahorses.	Syngnathiformes	order
taxon rank	Yabeinosaurus is an extinct genus of lizard from the Early Cretaceous Jehol Group of northeastern China.	Yabeinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Amphicyon (``ambiguous dog'') is an extinct genus of large carnivorous bone-crushing mammals, popularly known as bear-dogs, of the family Amphicyonidae, subfamily Amphicyoninae, from the Aquitanian Epoch until the early Pleistocene.	Amphicyon	genus
taxon rank	Udubidae is a family of araneomorph spiders, most of whose members were formerly placed in the family Zorocratidae, which is no longer accepted.	Udubidae	family
taxon rank	Kourisodon is an extinct genus of mosasaur.	Kourisodon	genus
taxon rank	Galium hypotrichium is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name alpine bedstraw.	Galium hypotrichium	species
taxon rank	Galium tricornutum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names rough corn bedstraw, roughfruit corn bedstraw, and corn cleavers.	Galium tricornutum	species
taxon rank	Sinustrombus sinuatus, common name the lacinate conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Sinustrombus sinuatus	species
taxon rank	Psednotrichia is a genus of Angolan flowering plants in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Psednotrichia	genus
taxon rank	Gillellus uranidea, the Warteye stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of southwestern Florida, USA, and in the Caribbean Sea from the Bahamas and the coast of Central America to Panama where it can be found in sandy areas on reefs or among rocks.	Gillellus uranidea	species
taxon rank	Pagurus bernhardus uses shells of a number of gastropod species for protection, including Littorina littorea, Littorina obtusata, Nassarius reticulatus, Gibbula umbilicalis, Nucella lapillus and Buccinum.	Pagurus bernhardus	species
taxon rank	Chascotheca neopeltandra is a species of plants in the family Phyllanthaceae described as a species in 1904.	Chascotheca neopeltandra	species
taxon rank	Blenniella chrysospilos, the Red-spotted blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans.	Blenniella chrysospilos	species
taxon rank	Hypselobarbus kurali is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Hypselobarbus.	Hypselobarbus kurali	species
taxon rank	Citrus micrantha is a species of wild citrus of subgenus Papeda native to southern Philippines, particularly islands of Cebu and Bohol.	Citrus micrantha	species
taxon rank	Pitcairnia burle-marxii is a species of the bromeliad genus Pitcairnia.	Pitcairnia burle-marxii	species
taxon rank	Abraliopsis felis is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in cool temperate water of the north Pacific Ocean.	Abraliopsis felis	species
taxon rank	Lasioglossum aulacophorum, also known as the Lasioglossum (Sudila) aulacophorum, is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum aulacophorum	species
taxon rank	Marleyimyia xylocopae is a species of bee fly from South Africa that has a similarity to the patterning of a carpenter bee Xylocopa flavicollis (De Geer) found in the region.	Marleyimyia xylocopae	species
taxon rank	Tortula ruralis, commonly known as twisted moss and star moss, is a species of moss with a cosmopolitan distribution.	Tortula ruralis	species
taxon rank	Palisota flagelliflora is a plant species endemic to Cameroon.	Palisota flagelliflora	species
taxon rank	Meiacanthus bundoon, the Bundoon blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Pacific Ocean where it is known from Fiji and Tonga.	Meiacanthus bundoon	species
taxon rank	Tabebuia oligolepis is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family.	Tabebuia oligolepis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Hodebertia testalis, and is found in the tropics, but ranges north to parts of Europe on occasion.	Hodebertia	species
taxon rank	Auriscalpium vulgare, commonly known as the pinecone mushroom, the cone tooth, or the ear-pick fungus, is a species of fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae of the order Russulales.	Auriscalpium vulgare	species
taxon rank	Gigantopecten latissimus is a species of fossil scallop, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Gigantopecten latissimus	species
taxon rank	Plakobranchidae is a family of sea slugs, marine opistobranch gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Plakobranchoidea.	Plakobranchidae	family
taxon rank	Petalonyx thurberi is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common names Thurber's sandpaper plant and common sandpaper plant.	Petalonyx thurberi	species
taxon rank	Setchellanthus caeruleus is a species of pungent shrub with large blue flowers.	Setchellanthus	species
taxon rank	Notropis telescopus (telescope shiner) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Notropis telescopus	species
taxon rank	Arundineae is a tribe of grasses, containing three genera.	Arundineae	tribe
taxon rank	Linyphia triangularis is a European species of spider in the family Linyphiidae.	Linyphia triangularis	species
taxon rank	Allomerus is a Neotropical genus of small ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Allomerus	genus
taxon rank	Ceanothus leucodermis, with the common name chaparral whitethorn or chaparral white thorn, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus leucodermis	species
taxon rank	The Sphecidae are a cosmopolitan family of parasitoidal wasps that includes sand wasps, mud daubers, and other thread-waisted wasps.	Sphecidae	family
taxon rank	Nolletia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Nolletia	genus
taxon rank	Sphecomyrma is an extinct genus of ant which inhabited the northern hemisphere of the supercontinent Laurasia approximately 80 mya in the Cretaceous.	Sphecomyrma	genus
taxon rank	Simochromis margaretae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the area of Kigoma in Tanzania.	Simochromis margaretae	species
taxon rank	Baurusuchus is an extinct genus of baurusuchid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil.	Baurusuchus	genus
taxon rank	Agrostis vinealis (Chinese: 芒剪股颖; pinyin: mang jian gu ying) is a species of grass known by the common names brown bentgrass and brown bent, which can be found from Russia to Mongolia, into China and even Pakistan, and India.	Agrostis vinealis	species
taxon rank	Rissoina bruguieri, common name Bruguiere's risso, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoinidae.	Rissoina bruguieri	species
taxon rank	Aphaenogaster longaeva is an extinct species of ant in formicid subfamily Myrmicinae known from a solitary Eocene or Oligocene fossil found in North America.	Aphaenogaster longaeva	species
taxon rank	Several species now included in Heterotheca were previously classified in the genus Chrysopsis Heterotheca species are often used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including Schinia lynx, Schinia nubila and Schinia saturata (all of which have been recorded on Heterotheca subaxillaris).	Heterotheca	genus
taxon rank	Vanda coerulescens is a species of orchid found from Arunachal Pradesh to China (southern Yunnan).	Vanda coerulescens	species
taxon rank	Erigeron bloomeri is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name scabland fleabane.	Erigeron bloomeri	species
taxon rank	Bathykorus bouilloni is a species of jellyfish first described in 2010.	Bathykorus	species
taxon rank	Zizaniopsis is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to North and South America.	Zizaniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Siphonostomatoida is an order of copepods, containing around 75% of all the copepods that parasitise fishes.	Siphonostomatoida	order
taxon rank	Typhlops trinitatus, commonly known as the Trinidad worm snake or Trinidad burrowing snake, is a harmless blind snake species endemic to Trinidad and Tobago.	Typhlops trinitatus	species
taxon rank	Proxiuber australis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails or necklace shells.	Proxiuber australis	species
taxon rank	Encelia resinifera, the sticky brittlebush, is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Encelia resinifera	species
taxon rank	Incurvarioidea is a superfamily of primitive monotrysian moths in the order Lepidoptera which consists of Leafcutters, yucca moths and relatives.	Incurvarioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Asplenium schizotrichum is a species of spleenwort that is endemic to the island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands.	Asplenium schizotrichum	species
taxon rank	Clupeonella muhlisi is a species of clupeid fish endemic to Lake Apolyont in Turkey, linked to the Sea of Marmara.	Clupeonella muhlisi	species
taxon rank	Scincinae are a subfamily of six genera and about 48 species of skinks.	Scincinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Iris palaestina (or sometimes Iris palestina) is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Scorpiris.	Iris palaestina	species
taxon rank	The Choreonematoideae are a monogeneric nongeniculate subfamily of Coralline alga.	Choreonematoideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Euphorbia esula, commonly known as green spurge or leafy spurge, is a species of spurge native to central and southern Europe (north to England, the Netherlands, and Germany), and eastward through most of Asia north of the Himalaya to Korea and eastern Siberia.	Euphorbia esula	species
taxon rank	Pentalinon is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1845.	Pentalinon	genus
taxon rank	Aglajidae is a family of often colorful, medium-sized, sea slugs, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.	Aglajidae	family
taxon rank	Paratoxodera borneana, common name Borneo stick mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brunei that was first identified as a subspecies of P. cornicollis.	Paratoxodera borneana	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces abyssalis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from deep sea sediments in the South China Sea on the Xisha Islands in China.	Streptomyces abyssalis	species
taxon rank	Equus francisci is an extinct species of Equus (the genus that includes the horse) which was native to North America.	Equus francisci	species
taxon rank	Exarrhenus egens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Exarrhenus.	Exarrhenus egens	species
taxon rank	Agaricus deserticola, commonly known as the gasteroid agaricus, is a species of fungus in the Agaricaceae family.	Agaricus deserticola	species
taxon rank	Chaetopappa ericoides is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names rose heath and heath-leaved chaetopappa.	Chaetopappa ericoides	species
taxon rank	The Colombian screech owl (Megascops colombianus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Colombian screech owl	species
taxon rank	Phenacostethus is a genus of priapum fishes found in freshwater and brackish habitats in southeast Asia.	Phenacostethus	genus
taxon rank	Atopodentatus is an extinct genus of marine reptile, possibly basal sauropterygian, known from the early Middle Triassic (Pelsonian substage, Anisian stage) of Luoping County, Yunnan Province, southwestern China.	Atopodentatus	genus
taxon rank	Tonna allium, common name the costate tun, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tonnidae, the tun shells.	Tonna allium	species
taxon rank	Afroneta is a genus of sheet weavers that was described by Holm in 1968.	Afroneta	genus
taxon rank	Stiphodon surrufus is a species of goby endemic to the Philippines where it is only known to occur in Lagu Lagu creek on Leyte Island.	Stiphodon surrufus	species
taxon rank	Giordania is a malagasy genus of potter wasps.	Giordania	genus
taxon rank	The many species of Spondylus vary considerably in appearance and range.	Spondylus	species
taxon rank	Viburnum cinnamomifolium (common name cinnamon-leaved viburnum) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae, native to western China.	Viburnum cinnamomifolium	species
taxon rank	Asplenium polyodon, commonly known as sickle spleenwort, is a species of fern in the family Aspleniaceae.	Asplenium polyodon	species
taxon rank	Bituminaria morisiana is a perennial Mediterranean herb species in the genus Bituminaria.	Bituminaria morisiana	species
taxon rank	Hirtodrosophila confusa is a widespread, but rarely common European species of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae.	Hirtodrosophila confusa	species
taxon rank	Hymenopappus mexicanus, the Mexican woollywhite, is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Hymenopappus mexicanus	species
taxon rank	Musgravea is a genus of rainforest tree from north-eastern Queensland.	Musgravea	genus
taxon rank	Nepenthes rafflesiana (/nᵻˈpɛnθiːz ræˌfliːziˈɑːnə/; after Stamford Raffles), or Raffles' Pitcher-Plant, is a species of tropical pitcher plant.	Nepenthes rafflesiana	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Stachydeoma graveolens, endemic to the State of Florida in the United States.	Stachydeoma	species
taxon rank	Sabicea cinerea, the largeflower woodvine, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Sabicea cinerea	species
taxon rank	Eryx jaculus, known commonly as the Javelin sand boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.	Eryx jaculus	species
taxon rank	The Rio Pitzara robber frog, Strabomantis helonotus, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Strabomantis helonotus	species
taxon rank	Engraulisoma taeniatum is a species of characiform fish that is found in Argentina, Brazil, Ecuador and Peru.	Engraulisoma taeniatum	species
taxon rank	Margarites groenlandicus, common name the Greenland margarite or wavy top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites groenlandicus	species
taxon rank	Dendrocalamus is a tropical Asian genus of giant clumping bamboos in the grass family.	Dendrocalamus	genus
taxon rank	Cynariognathus (meaning puppy jaw)is an extinct genus of middle sized carnivorous therocephalian from the Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone of South Africa.	Cynariognathus	genus
taxon rank	Litoria is a genus of Hylidae tree frogs native to Australia, the Bismarck Archipelago, the Solomon Islands, New Guinea, the Lesser Sunda Islands, the Moluccan Islands, and Timor.	Litoria	genus
taxon rank	Notaeolidia schmekelae is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Notaeolidiidae.	Notaeolidia schmekelae	species
taxon rank	Diadorina golbachi is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Diadorina.	Diadorina	genus
taxon rank	Phoxinellus is a genus of cyprinid fishes found in the Balkans.	Phoxinellus	genus
taxon rank	Belonogaster (belone - ``needle'', gaster - ``belly'') is a large genus of mainly Afrotropical quasisocial wasps, although some species occur in Arabia and two extend as far as India.	Belonogaster	genus
taxon rank	Fejervarya limnocharis is a species of frog found widely distributed in South Asia.	Fejervarya limnocharis	species
taxon rank	Protetragonites is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Lytoceratidae.	Protetragonites	genus
taxon rank	Blakea attenboroughi is a species of plant in the genus Blakea.	Blakea attenboroughi	species
taxon rank	Anguilloides is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.	Anguilloides	genus
taxon rank	Piscivoravis is an extinct genus of fish-eating ornithuromorphs known from the Early Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation (Aptian age) of western Liaoning Province, northeastern China.	Piscivoravis	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus nitidus (broadfruit mariposa lily) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family native to the northwestern United States.	Calochortus nitidus	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium ovatum is a North American species of flowering shrub known by the common names evergreen huckleberry, winter huckleberry and California huckleberry.	Vaccinium ovatum	species
taxon rank	``Proornis'' is an extinct genus of basal bird from the Early Cretaceous (Barremian, 130-125 mya?) of northernmost North Korea.	Proornis	genus
taxon rank	Cryptodendrum adhaesivum (adhesive, pizza or nap-edged anemone) is a species of sea anemone in the family Thalassianthidae.	Cryptodendrum adhaesivum	species
taxon rank	Stropharia caerulea, commonly known as the blue roundhead, is an inedible species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.	Stropharia caerulea	species
taxon rank	Allium togashii is a plant species endemic to Japan.	Allium togashii	species
taxon rank	Rhodometrini is a tribe of the geometer moth family (Geometridae), with about 16 species in 2 genera and 1 genus with 1 species tentatively associated with the tribe.	Rhodometrini	tribe
taxon rank	Boonea impressa, common name the impressed odostome, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Boonea impressa	species
taxon rank	Synodus orientalis is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Northwest Pacific Ocean.	Synodus orientalis	species
taxon rank	Lithospermum erythrorhizon, the purple gromwell, red-root gromwell, 紫草 zicao (Pinyin: zǐcǎo), 紫草 murasaki･sō (Japanese) is a plant species in the genus Lithospermum.	Lithospermum erythrorhizon	species
taxon rank	The only species is Andeabatis chilensis of southern South America.	Andeabatis	species
taxon rank	Austromerope is a genus of forcepfly which contains only two known species, Austromerope poultoni from Western Australia, and the South American Austromerope brasiliensis.	Austromerope	genus
taxon rank	The American flamingo (Phoenicopterus ruber) is a large species of flamingo closely related to the greater flamingo and Chilean flamingo.	American flamingo	species
taxon rank	Euricania facialis is a species of insect in the family Ricaniidae.	Euricania facialis	species
taxon rank	Peniocereus is a genus of vining cacti, comprising about 18 species, found from the southwestern United States and Mexico.	Peniocereus	genus
taxon rank	Neolebias is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in Africa, with 11 currently recognized species:	Neolebias	genus
taxon rank	The family contains the single genus Carbomyces, which in turn contains three species distributed in the USA and Mexico.	Carbomyces	genus
taxon rank	In 2016, the type species Notocolossus gonzalezparejasi was named and described by Bernardo J. González Riga, Matthew Carl Lamanna, Leonardo Daniel Ortiz David, Jorge Orlando Calvo and Juan P. Coria.	Notocolossus	species
taxon rank	Conus poormani, common name the Poorman's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus poormani	species
taxon rank	Awalycaeus is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Alycaeidae.	Awalycaeus	genus
taxon rank	The Amur leopard (Panthera pardus orientalis) is a leopard subspecies native to the Primorye region of southeastern Russia and the Jilin Province of northeast China.	Amur leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Isolepis inundata is a species of sedge native to Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand.	Isolepis inundata	species
taxon rank	Rosa hemisphaerica, also known as the sulphur rose, is a rose species with pale yellow flowers native to western Asia.	Rosa hemisphaerica	species
taxon rank	Rousettus is a genus of Old World fruit bats or megabats.	Rousettus	genus
taxon rank	Hyopsodontidae is an extinct family of unspecialized, primitive mammals from the order Condylarthra, living from the Paleocene to the Eocene in North America and Eurasia.	Hyopsodontidae	family
taxon rank	Lithonida is an order of calcareous sponges in the class Calcarea in the animal phylum Porifera.	Lithonida	order
taxon rank	Bradypterus is a genus of small insectivorous songbirds (``warblers'') in the newly recognized grass warbler family (Locustellidae).	Bradypterus	genus
taxon rank	Syzygium oleosum, commonly known as the Blue Lilly Pilly, is a species of Syzygium tree native to eastern Australian rainforests and wet sclerophyll forests.	Syzygium oleosum	species
taxon rank	Darlingia is a small genus of two species of rainforest tree from Northern Queensland.	Darlingia	genus
taxon rank	Copeina is a genus of fishes found in the Amazon basin.	Copeina	genus
taxon rank	Waitea circinata is a species of fungus in the family Corticiaceae.	Waitea circinata	species
taxon rank	Parietaria pensylvanica is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family known by the common name Pennsylvania pellitory.	Parietaria pensylvanica	species
taxon rank	Leptasterias aequalis, common names little six-rayed seastar or six-armed star, is a species of starfish.	Leptasterias aequalis	species
taxon rank	Juglans neotropica is a species of plant in the Juglandaceae family.	Juglans neotropica	species
taxon rank	The African warblers are a newly erected family Macrosphenidae, of songbirds.	Macrosphenidae	family
taxon rank	Acropora cophodactyla is a species of acroporid coral found in the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, southeast Asia, the Solomon Islands and the western Pacific Ocean.	Acropora cophodactyla	species
taxon rank	Cychrus turnai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that is endemic to Sichuan province of China.	Cychrus turnai	species
taxon rank	The genus Phaeoclavulina comprises approximately 42 species of coral fungi.	Phaeoclavulina	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoxanthomonas japonensis is a species of mesophilic, motile, strictly aerobic, Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped bacteria with one polar flagellum, first isolated from human urine, riverside urban soil and anaerobic digester.	Pseudoxanthomonas japonensis	species
taxon rank	Strobilomyces is a genus of boletes (mushrooms having a spongy mass of pores under the cap).	Strobilomyces	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium cluniae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces the antinematodal and antiparasitic agents paraherquamide B, paraherquamide C, paraherquamide D, paraherquamide E, paraherquamide F, paraherquamide G, paraherquamide H	Penicillium cluniae	species
taxon rank	Castilleja cinerea is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name ashgray Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja cinerea	species
taxon rank	The Brown tree iguana, Liolaemus fuscus, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus fuscus	species
taxon rank	Steneromene is a grass moth genus (family Crambidae) of subfamily Crambinae, tribe Diptychophorini.	Steneromene	genus
taxon rank	Quercus undata is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family.	Quercus undata	species
taxon rank	Ehrendorferia (eardrops) is a genus of two species of biennial and perennial herbaceous plants native to wildfire-prone areas of California and the Baja California peninsula.	Ehrendorferia	genus
taxon rank	Armorloricus is a genus of nanaloricate loriciferan, small to microscopic marine sediment-dwelling animals.	Armorloricus	genus
taxon rank	Ophiomyia is genus of Diptera (fly) in the family of Agromyzidae.	Ophiomyia	genus
taxon rank	Doratodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph that was once believed to be a dinosaur.	Doratodon	genus
taxon rank	Microdiplatys oculatus is an extinct species of earwigs, in the genus Microdiplatys, family Protodiplatyidae, the suborder Archidermaptera, and the order Dermaptera.	Microdiplatys oculatus	species
taxon rank	It is represented by a single species, Rhondes neocaledonicus.	Rhondes	species
taxon rank	Polistes dorsalis (Fabricius, 1775) are a species of social wasps that can be found throughout various parts of North America.	Polistes dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Geoplanidae is a family of flatworms known commonly as land planarians.	Geoplanidae	family
taxon rank	Serapias perez-chiscanoi is a species of orchid endemic to western Portugal and western Spain.	Serapias perez-chiscanoi	species
taxon rank	Hara filamentosa is a species of South Asian river catfish endemic to Myanmar where it can be found in the Irrawaddy, Sittang, Salween and Rangoon River drainages.	Hara filamentosa	species
taxon rank	Callopteus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Kimmeridgian stage of the Late Jurassic epoch.	Callopteus	genus
taxon rank	Dendrocoelopsis is a genus of freshwater triclad.	Dendrocoelopsis	genus
taxon rank	Handeliodendron consists of a single species of deciduous tree/shrub native to China, and is classified as rare.	Handeliodendron	species
taxon rank	Unasuchus is an extinct genus of Early Cretaceous crocodyliform.	Unasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Lycium chinense is one of two species of boxthorn in the family Solanaceae from which the goji berry or wolfberry is harvested, the other being Lycium barbarum.	Lycium chinense	species
taxon rank	Glyptopleura is a genus of North American plants in the dandelion family.	Glyptopleura	genus
taxon rank	Scotinotylus patellatus is a spider in the species of Linyphiidae or ``sheet weaver'' found in Canada and Alaska, United States.	Scotinotylus patellatus	species
taxon rank	Turbo lajonkairii, common name the Lajonkairi's turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Turbo lajonkairii	species
taxon rank	Alaemon is a genus of birds in the Alaudidae family.	Alaemon	genus
taxon rank	Tylerichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric surgeonfish that lived in a coral reef during the Lutetian epoch of what is now Monte Bolca, Italy.	Tylerichthys	genus
taxon rank	Shorea argentifolia (also called Dark Red Meranti) is an emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea argentifolia	species
taxon rank	Charonia maculosum is a ``taxon inquirenda'', a species of doubtful identity.	Charonia maculosum	species
taxon rank	Cordaicarpus is a form genus named by Geinitz (1862), but was redefined by Seward (1917) to avoid confusion with another genus, and establishing that the genus refers only seeds.	Cordaicarpus	genus
taxon rank	Centaurea jacea (brown knapweed or brownray knapweed) is a species of herbaceous perennial plants in the genus Centaurea native to dry meadows and open woodland throughout Europe.	Centaurea jacea	species
taxon rank	The Carnobacteriaceae are a family of Gram-positive lactic acid bacteria.	Carnobacteriaceae	family
taxon rank	Sophineta is an extinct genus of small basal lepidosauromorph reptile known from the Early Triassic (late Olenekian age) of Małopolska Province, southern Poland.	Sophineta	genus
taxon rank	Anabarites is a problematic lower Cambrian genus, and is one of the small shelly fossils.	Anabarites	genus
taxon rank	Rhinogobius carpenteri is a freshwater species of goby endemic to the Philippines.	Rhinogobius carpenteri	species
taxon rank	Nicothoe tumulosa is a species of copepod parasitic on the gills of the glypheoid lobster Neoglyphea inopinata.	Nicothoe tumulosa	species
taxon rank	Annandale's rat (Rattus annandalei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Annandale's rat	species
taxon rank	Thysania zenobia, the Owl moth, is a species of moth in the Erebidae family.	Thysania zenobia	species
taxon rank	Neoregelia cyanea is a plant species in the genus Neoregelia.	Neoregelia cyanea	species
taxon rank	The Shanxi sika deer (Cervus nippon grassianus) is a possibly extinct subspecies of the sika deer.	Shanxi sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Syncope hudsoni (common name: Hudson's humming frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Syncope hudsoni	species
taxon rank	The Pacific screech owl (Megascops cooperi) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Pacific screech owl	species
taxon rank	†Carelia cochlea was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia cochlea	species
taxon rank	Spinoloricus is a genus of nanaloricid loriciferan.	Spinoloricus	genus
taxon rank	Astomes (order Astomatida) are a group of ciliate protozoans commonly found in the guts of annelid worms, especially oligochaetes, and other invertebrates.	Astome	order
taxon rank	Lioptilodes salarius is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Argentina.	Lioptilodes salarius	species
taxon rank	Pylorobranchus hoi is a species of worm eel known from the waters off of eastern Taiwan.	Pylorobranchus hoi	species
taxon rank	Sedum nussbaumerianum is a species of plant native to Mexico.	Sedum nussbaumerianum	species
taxon rank	Microcos is a genus of flowering plants in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Tiliaceae or Sparrmanniaceae family.	Microcos	genus
taxon rank	Liothrips is a genus of thrips with almost 300 described species.	Liothrips	genus
taxon rank	Gloeocarpus is a genus of Sapindaceae containing the single plant species Gloeocarpus patentivalvis.	Gloeocarpus	species
taxon rank	Pterygoplichthys or commonly known as Janitor fish is a genus of South American armored catfishes.	Pterygoplichthys	genus
taxon rank	The genus name Adasaurus is taken from Ada, an evil spirit in the mythology of Mongolia, and the Greek word sauros meaning 'lizard'.	Adasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lutraria oblonga, common name the oblong otter shell, is a species of large saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.	Lutraria oblonga	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces burgazadensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Marmara Sea in Burgazada in Istanbul in Turkey.	Streptomyces burgazadensis	species
taxon rank	Mastacembelus platysoma is a species of fish, a spiny eel in the Mastacembelidae family.	Mastacembelus platysoma	species
taxon rank	Sonia paraplesiana, the Hebrew Sonia Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Sonia paraplesiana	species
taxon rank	Ananas ananassoides is a species in the genus Ananas.	Ananas ananassoides	species
taxon rank	Telephirca quadrifariella is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Telephirca genus.	Telephirca quadrifariella	species
taxon rank	Spitting spiders are members of the spider family Scytodidae.	Spitting spider	family
taxon rank	Avicularia is a genus of the family Theraphosidae containing various species of tarantulas.	Avicularia	genus
taxon rank	Pterostegia is a monotypic plant genus containing only the single species Pterostegia drymarioides, which is known as the woodland threadstem or woodland pterostegia.	Pterostegia	species
taxon rank	Bombyx lemeepauli is a species of Bombycidae in the genus Bombyx.	Bombyx lemeepauli	species
taxon rank	Parcoblatta is a genus of 12 species of native North American wood cockroaches.	Parcoblatta	genus
taxon rank	Torilis japonica, the erect hedgeparsley, upright hedge-parsley or Japanese hedge parsley, is a plant species in the genus Torilis.	Torilis japonica	species
taxon rank	Crataegus chlorosarca is an Asian species of hawthorn with black fruit.	Crataegus chlorosarca	species
taxon rank	Pebasiconcha immanis is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Acavidae.	Pebasiconcha immanis	species
taxon rank	Asplenium bulbiferum, known as mother spleenwort, is a fern species native to New Zealand only.	Asplenium bulbiferum	species
taxon rank	Sparganium emersum is a species of flowering plant in the cat-tail family known by the common names European bur-reed and unbranched bur-reed.	Sparganium emersum	species
taxon rank	Dragonets are small, perciform, marine fish of the diverse family Callionymidae (from the Greek kallis, ``beautiful'' and onyma, ``name'') found mainly in the tropical waters of the western Indo-Pacific.	Dragonet	family
taxon rank	Gastrocopta contracta, common name the bottleneck snaggletooth, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Gastrocopta contracta	species
taxon rank	Gladiolus tristis is a species of gladiolus known by several common names, including ever-flowering gladiolus and marsh Afrikaner.	Gladiolus tristis	species
taxon rank	Meridulia chaenostium is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family tbhat is endemic to Venezuela.	Meridulia chaenostium	species
taxon rank	The Bangladeshi cricket frog (Zakerana asmati) is a species of frog found in the Chittagong and Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Zakerana asmati	species
taxon rank	Sedum glaucophyllum, the cliff stonecrop, is a species of Sedum native to the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States from West Virginia, Maryland, Virginia and North Carolina.	Sedum glaucophyllum	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes chromasynchysi, also known as the Confusing green bushfrog or Confusing green bush frog, is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats of Kerala and Karnataka in India.	Raorchestes chromasynchysi	species
taxon rank	Limatulichthys griseus, is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae.	Limatulichthys griseus	species
taxon rank	Callionymus kailolae is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean off of western Australia where this deep-water species is found at depths of from 200 to 204 metres (656 to 669 ft).	Callionymus kailolae	species
taxon rank	Cerastium alpinum, commonly called alpine mouse-ear or alpine chickweed is a species of mat forming perennial plant.	Cerastium alpinum	species
taxon rank	Psammodromus is a small genus of sand lizards of the family Lacertidae.	Psammodromus	genus
taxon rank	The Hepialidae are a family of insects in the lepidopteran order.	Hepialidae	family
taxon rank	Panicum urvilleanum is a species of grass known by the common names desert panicgrass and silky panicgrass.	Panicum urvilleanum	species
taxon rank	Ageratina shastensis is a species of snakeroot which is endemic to Shasta County, California.	Ageratina shastensis	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis argens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is only known from the Tanzanian portion.	Haplochromis argens	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis pavonina is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, and the Congo River region.	Sphodromantis pavonina	species
taxon rank	Lockhartia oerstedii is a species of orchid native to Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Colombia.	Lockhartia oerstedii	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron trichostomum (毛嘴杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern China, where it grows at altitudes of 2700--4600 meters.	Rhododendron trichostomum	species
taxon rank	Plumeria obtusa, the Singapore graveyard flower, is a species of the genus Plumeria (Apocynaceae).	Plumeria obtusa	species
taxon rank	Ampeloglypter is a true weevil genus in the tribe Madarini.	Ampeloglypter	genus
taxon rank	Chaetodipterus is a genus of spadefishes.	Chaetodipterus	genus
taxon rank	Vicia is a genus of about 140 species of flowering plants commonly known as vetches.	Vicia	genus
taxon rank	Epipactis youngiana, Young's helleborine, is a species (or variety) of orchid that is endemic to Great Britain.	Epipactis youngiana	species
taxon rank	The genus Megachile is a cosmopolitan group of solitary bees, often called leafcutter bees or leafcutting bees.	Megachile	genus
taxon rank	Lycium torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common name Torrey wolfberry.	Lycium torreyi	species
taxon rank	Mecasoma validicornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mecasoma.	Mecasoma validicornis	species
taxon rank	Tegula pellisserpentis, common name the serpent-tongue tegula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae,.	Tegula pellisserpentis	species
taxon rank	Physaria parviflora (syn. Lesquerella parviflora) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Piceance bladderpod and frosty bladderpod.	Physaria parviflora	species
taxon rank	Empusa pennata, common names conehead mantis in English and mantis palo in Spanish, is a species of praying mantis in genus Empusa.	Empusa pennata	species
taxon rank	Compared with its sister species, the Palawan stink badger is also slightly smaller, with larger teeth and longer fur.	Palawan stink badger	species
taxon rank	Astrotricha linearis, commonly known as known as the narrow-leaf star-hair is a plant species in the family Araliaceae.	Astrotricha linearis	species
taxon rank	Coahuilaceratops (meaning ``Coahuila horn face'') is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur.	Coahuilaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Oenothera deltoides is a species of evening primrose known by several common names, including birdcage evening primrose, basket evening primrose, lion in a cage, and devil's lantern.	Oenothera deltoides	species
taxon rank	Gastrohoplites is a hoplitid genus of ammonite included in the Gastrohoplinae from Middle Albian age marine strata in western North America and parts of Europe.	Gastrohoplites	genus
taxon rank	Herniaria is a genus of flowering plants in the pink family known generally as ruptureworts.	Herniaria	genus
taxon rank	Anhydrophryne ngongoniensis, the Ngongoni moss frog, Natal bandit frog, or mistbelt chirping frog (and many combinations of the previous), is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Anhydrophryne ngongoniensis	species
taxon rank	Camellia japonica (the Japanese camellia) is one of the best known species of the genus Camellia.	Camellia japonica	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bonanseja mexicana.	Bonanseja	species
taxon rank	Erythronium pusaterii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Kaweah Lakes fawn lily and Hocket Lakes fawn lily.	Erythronium pusaterii	species
taxon rank	The Honduran milk snake is one of the larger subspecies of milk snake, attaining a length of 48 inches in the wild and some captive specimens reaching a length of 5 feet.	Honduran milk snake	subspecies
taxon rank	Anaxyrus debilis, also known with its old name Bufo debilis, is a species of toad found in the southwestern United States in the states of Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Kansas and Texas, as well as in northern Mexico in the states of Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, Durango and Zacatecas.	Anaxyrus debilis	species
taxon rank	Naso lituratus is a species of fish in the family Acanthuridae, the tangs and unicornfishes.	Naso lituratus	species
taxon rank	Penthorum is a genus of plants in the order Saxifragales.	Penthorum	genus
taxon rank	Hopia obtusa is a species of grass commonly known as vine mesquite.	Hopia	species
taxon rank	Ophioleuce is a genus of brittle stars.	Ophioleuce	genus
taxon rank	Suruga fundicola is a species of fish in the goby family, Gobiidae.	Suruga fundicola	species
taxon rank	Dorycordaites is a genus of extinct gymnosperms.	Dorycordaites	genus
taxon rank	Clanculus puniceus, common names the Strawberry top shell or Purplish Clanculus, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top shells.	Clanculus puniceus	species
taxon rank	Collinsia torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Torrey's blue-eyed Mary.	Collinsia torreyi	species
taxon rank	Angelica callii is an uncommon species of angelica known as Call's angelica.	Angelica callii	species
taxon rank	Aitchisoniella himalayensis is a species of liverwort in the Exormothecaceae family.	Aitchisoniella	species
taxon rank	Sphagnurus paluster is a species of fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae which parasitizes Sphagnum moss.	Sphagnurus paluster	species
taxon rank	Precis antilope, the darker commodore, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family, native to Subsaharan Africa.	Precis antilope	species
taxon rank	Pseudophosphorus norrisii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudophosphorus.	Pseudophosphorus norrisii	species
taxon rank	Litoria majikthise is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in Papua New Guinea and possibly West Papua in Indonesia.	Litoria majikthise	species
taxon rank	Praealticus is a genus of combtooth blennies found throughout the Pacific and Indian oceans.	Praealticus	genus
taxon rank	Ascoseira is assigned to its own order.	Ascoseira	order
taxon rank	Sagittaria demersa, commonly called Chihuahuan arrowhead, is an aquatic plant species native to north-central Mexico (Chihuahua, Durango. Hidalgo, Aguascalientes, Jalisco and Querétaro) and also from a few sites in the northern part of the US State of New Mexico (Mora and Colfax Counties).	Sagittaria demersa	species
taxon rank	Trigoniaceae is a family of flowering plants, consisting of 28 species in 4 genera.	Trigoniaceae	family
taxon rank	Femeniasia balearica is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae (Compositae), and the only species in the genus Femeniasia.	Femeniasia	species
taxon rank	Caciella philippinarum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Caciella.	Caciella philippinarum	species
taxon rank	Pteropurpura trialata is a medium-sized species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Pteropurpura trialata	species
taxon rank	Notodiaphana fragilis is a species of marine snail, gastropod mollusk in the clade Architectibranchia.	Notodiaphana fragilis	species
taxon rank	Ghatsa santhamparaiensis also known as the Santhampara loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Ghatsa.	Ghatsa santhamparaiensis	species
taxon rank	Mylochromis balteatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi preferring areas with sandy substrates.	Mylochromis balteatus	species
taxon rank	Corytophanidae is a family of iguanian lizards, also called casquehead lizards or helmeted lizards, endemic to the New World.	Corytophanidae	family
taxon rank	Oeceoclades analamerensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to northern Madagascar.	Oeceoclades analamerensis	species
taxon rank	Gyromitra ambigua is an ascomycete fungus species of the genus Gyromitra, and related to the false morel G. esculenta.	Gyromitra ambigua	species
taxon rank	Panthea gigantea is on average the largest New World species of Panthea with some females having a wingspan in excess of 60 mm.	Panthea gigantea	species
taxon rank	Guioa acuminata is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family.	Guioa acuminata	species
taxon rank	Typhlops granti, known commonly as Grant's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.	Typhlops granti	species
taxon rank	The Uinta ground squirrel (Urocitellus armatus), commonly called a Potgut in northern Utah, is a species of rodent native to the western United States.	Uinta ground squirrel	species
taxon rank	Ditylenchus is a genus of plant pathogenic nematodes.	Ditylenchus	genus
taxon rank	Liaobatrachus (meaning ``Liaoning frog'') is a genus of prehistoric spadefoot toad, the fossil specimen of which was recovered from the Yixian Formation of Liaoning Province, China.	Liaobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Spongiosperma macrophyllum is a species of plant in family Apocynaceae first described in 1860.	Spongiosperma macrophyllum	species
taxon rank	Tetramorium bicarinatum, is a species of Formicidae family from the order Hymenoptera originated in South East Asia.	Tetramorium bicarinatum	species
taxon rank	Navasota discipunctella is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota.	Navasota discipunctella	species
taxon rank	Polymorphus is a genus of parasitic worms from the phylum Acanthocephala.	Polymorphus	genus
taxon rank	Pleuroceras solare is a species of ammonite from the lower Jurassic, upper Pliensbachian period (189.6 ± 1.5 -- 183.0 ± 1.5 Mya).	Pleuroceras solare	species
taxon rank	Calydiscoides euzeti Justine, 2007 is a species of monogenean of the family Diplectanidae Monticelli, 1903.	Calydiscoides euzeti	species
taxon rank	Diamella cupreomicans is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in China, Indonesia, Myanmar, Laos, Malaysia, and Viet Nam.	Diamella cupreomicans	species
taxon rank	Dryadissector (meaning ``Dryad dissector'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of varanoid lizard represented by the type species Dryadissector shilleri from the Late Cretaceous of Texas.	Dryadissector	genus
taxon rank	Tachina vernalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Europe, but was introduced to New England.	Tachina vernalis	species
taxon rank	Schiedea sarmentosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name cliff schiedea.	Schiedea sarmentosa	species
taxon rank	Diabolepis (or Diabolichthys) is an extinct genus of very primitive lungfish which lived about 400 million years ago, in the Early Devonian period of South China.	Diabolepis	genus
taxon rank	Psidium sintenisii is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Psidium sintenisii	species
taxon rank	Hippoboscoidea is the name of a superfamily of the Calyptratae.	Hippoboscoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Lobatus raninus, common name the hawk-wing conch, is a species of medium to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lobatus raninus	species
taxon rank	The Unscented Dendrobium (Dendrobium anosmum) is a species of epiphytic orchid.	Dendrobium anosmum	species
taxon rank	Calabazo virus is an enveloped, single-stranded, negative-sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family.	Calabazo virus	species
taxon rank	Barbus fasciolatus, the African banded barb, Angola barb, blue-barred barb or fire barb is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Barbus fasciolatus	species
taxon rank	Taeniopsetta is a genus of small lefteye flounders native to the Indo-Pacific at depths of 150 to 300 m (490 to 980 ft).	Taeniopsetta	genus
taxon rank	Schistosoma mansoni infects about 83.31 million people worldwide, causing the disease intestinal schistosomiasis (schistosomiasis caused by all the Schistosoma species infects over 200 million people.)	Schistosoma mansoni	species
taxon rank	Blachia umbellata is a species of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae.	Blachia umbellata	species
taxon rank	Crepipatella dilatata is a species of sea snail described by Lamarck.	Crepipatella dilatata	species
taxon rank	Rhizanthella, commonly known as underground orchids, is a small epiparasitic, achlorophyllous, subterranean genus of orchid.	Rhizanthella	genus
taxon rank	Japanese seabream, Pagrus major, is a fish species in the Sparidae family.	Pagrus major	species
taxon rank	Astragalus lentiginosus is a species of legume known by the common names spotted locoweed and freckled milkvetch.	Astragalus lentiginosus	species
taxon rank	Speirantha is a genus of one known species of flowering plants found in south-east China.	Speirantha	genus
taxon rank	Habranthus (copperlily) is a genus of tender herbaceous flowering bulbs in the Amaryllidaceae family, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Habranthus	genus
taxon rank	Originally the heliozoa were treated together as a formal taxon Heliozoa or Heliozoea, with the rank of class or phylum, but it has been realised that they are polyphyletic, as the various orders show notable differences and are no longer believed to be descended from a single common ancestor.	Heliozoa	phylum
taxon rank	Propantodice grisea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Propantodice.	Propantodice grisea	species
taxon rank	Uroptychus anacaena is a species of chirostylid squat lobster first found in Taiwan.	Uroptychus anacaena	species
taxon rank	Cytinus hypocistis is an ant-pollinated species of parasitic plant in the family Cytinaceae having four subspecies.	Cytinus hypocistis	species
taxon rank	The Five-lined Mabuya (Trachylepis quinquetaeniata, formerly Mabuya quinquetaeniata), sometimes called Rainbow Mabuya, blue-tailed Skink (due to the blue tail) or Rainbow Skink is a species of African skink in the subfamily Lygosominae.	Trachylepis quinquetaeniata	species
taxon rank	Aphanopetalum clematideum is a species of twining shrub or vines that grows in the Geraldton Sandplains region of Western Australia.	Aphanopetalum clematideum	species
taxon rank	Cataclysta lampetialis is a Crambidae species in the genus Cataclysta.	Cataclysta lampetialis	species
taxon rank	The Príncipe speirops (Zosterops leucophoeus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Príncipe speirops	species
taxon rank	Macaranga quadricornis is a species of plant in the family Euphorbiaceae.	Macaranga quadricornis	species
taxon rank	Pterocaulon is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, native to North and South America and to Australasia.	Pterocaulon	genus
taxon rank	Aulotrachichthys is a genus of slimeheads.	Aulotrachichthys	genus
taxon rank	Phyllopetalia excrescens is a species of dragonfly in the family Austropetaliidae.	Phyllopetalia excrescens	species
taxon rank	Gaylussacia orocola, the Blue Ridge huckleberry, is a plant species native to the coastal plains of the southeastern United States (Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Florida).	Gaylussacia orocola	species
taxon rank	Stagmomantis amazonica, common name Amazon mantis, is a species of praying mantis in the genus Stagmomantis.	Stagmomantis amazonica	species
taxon rank	Mccoskerichthys sandae, the Tufted blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny, found around Costa Rica and Panama, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Mccoskerichthys sandae	species
taxon rank	Thesprotia insolita, common name Costa Rican grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Costa Rica.	Thesprotia insolita	species
taxon rank	Calvatia bovista is a species of Calvatia mushroom, the second largest Calvatia in North America.	Calvatia bovista	species
taxon rank	Procephalaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish.	Procephalaspis	genus
taxon rank	Hohenbergia stellata is a perennial species of the genus Hohenbergia.	Hohenbergia stellata	species
taxon rank	Schizoglossa major was a species of large predatory, air-breathing, land slug, a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Schizoglossa major	species
taxon rank	Litoporus dimona is a cellar spider species found in Brazil.	Litoporus dimona	species
taxon rank	Atractaspis aterrima, commonly known as the slender burrowing asp or mole viper, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis aterrima	species
taxon rank	Pirulintia angelinae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pirulintia.	Pirulintia angelinae	species
taxon rank	Apophysomyces variabilis is one of four species in the genus Apophysomyces, which also includes A. elegans, A. ossiformis, and A. trapeziformis.	Apophysomyces variabilis	species
taxon rank	Cystoderma carcharias, is a species of agaric in the fungal family Agaricaceae.	Cystoderma carcharias	species
taxon rank	Dihammaphoroides sanguinicollis' is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Dihammaphoroides sanguinicollis	species
taxon rank	Brochuchus is an extinct genus of crocodile known from the Miocene Hiwegi Formation of Rusinga Island in Lake Victoria, Kenya.	Brochuchus	genus
taxon rank	Coryphaenoides rupestris is a species of marine ray-finned fish in the family Macrouridae.	Coryphaenoides rupestris	species
taxon rank	Protonyctia originalis is a moth in the Douglasiidae family, and the only species in the genus Protonyctia.	Protonyctia originalis	species
taxon rank	Draba sierrae is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Sierra draba.	Draba sierrae	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Semicalamidia owgarra, which was described by Rothschild in 1912.	Semicalamidia	species
taxon rank	Penicillium ornatum is an anamorph, species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium ornatum	species
taxon rank	Mystus vittatus, the striped dwarf catfish, is a species of catfish of the family Bagridae.	Mystus vittatus	species
taxon rank	Axiologina ferumequinum is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Axiologina of the family Ulidiidae.	Axiologina ferumequinum	species
taxon rank	Miscanthus sinensis is a species of flowering plant in the grass family Poaceae, native to eastern Asia throughout most of China, Japan, Taiwan and Korea.	Miscanthus sinensis	species
taxon rank	Philiris fulgens, commonly known as the Purple Moonbeam, is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.	Philiris fulgens	species
taxon rank	Harttia kronei is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Ribeira de Iguape River basin.	Harttia kronei	species
taxon rank	Coptosapelteae is a tribe incertae sedis of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 55 species in 2 genera.	Coptosapelteae	tribe
taxon rank	Haliotis roei, common name Roe's abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis roei	species
taxon rank	Sauropus assimilis is an extremely rare species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family.	Sauropus assimilis	species
taxon rank	Callopistes is a lizard genus which belongs to the family of Teiidae.	Callopistes	genus
taxon rank	Eburia cinerea is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Peru.	Eburia cinerea	species
taxon rank	Leymus akmolinensis is a species of grass endemic to Russia and Kazakhstan.	Leymus akmolinensis	species
taxon rank	Aipysurus duboisii, also known as the Dubois' sea snake or reef shallows sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake.	Aipysurus duboisii	species
taxon rank	Palaeomastodon an extinct genus of Proboscidea.	Palaeomastodon	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium pseudostromaticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the mushroom Piptoporus betulinus which grew on the tree Betula populifolia.	Penicillium pseudostromaticum	species
taxon rank	Apoanagyrus lopezi is a species of parasitic wasp native to Central America.	Apoanagyrus lopezi	species
taxon rank	The Differently Colored Catasetum (Catasetum discolor) is a species of orchid.	Catasetum discolor	species
taxon rank	Carphochaete bigelovii, common name Bigelow's bristlehead, is a species of North American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Carphochaete bigelovii	species
taxon rank	It is endemic to Australia and contains only one species, Actites megalocarpa commonly known as the Dune Thistle, Beach Thistle or Coastal Sow Thistle.	Actites	species
taxon rank	Haliotis parva, common name the canaliculate abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis parva	species
taxon rank	Vitrinella bifilata is a species of gastropod in the Tornidae family.	Vitrinella bifilata	species
taxon rank	Hylarana margariana (Irrawaddy frog) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana margariana	species
taxon rank	Lambis millepeda, common name the millipede spider conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lambis millepeda	species
taxon rank	Allium leucocephalum is an Asian species native to Buryatiya, Zabaykalsky Krai, Mongolia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, and Heilongjiang.	Allium leucocephalum	species
taxon rank	Lythrum hyssopifolia (orth. var. L. hyssopifolium) is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common names hyssop loosestrife and grass-poly.	Lythrum hyssopifolia	species
taxon rank	Erginus rubellus is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Acmaeidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Erginus rubellus	species
taxon rank	Parthenocissus henryana (Chinese Virginia-creeper or silver vein creeper) is a species of flowering plant in the vine family Vitaceae, native to China.	Parthenocissus henryana	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus caudiferus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Borneo.	Dipterocarpus caudiferus	species
taxon rank	Iris reticulata (netted iris) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae.	Iris reticulata	species
taxon rank	Leptotes vellozicola is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Bahia).	Leptotes vellozicola	species
taxon rank	Lagenandra dewitii is a plant species belonging to the aroid genus Lagenandra.	Lagenandra dewitii	species
taxon rank	Abuta candicans (syn. Abuta limaciifolia Diels, Abuta pullei Diels, Chondrodendron limaciifolium (Diels) Moldenke, Chondrodendron candicans (Rich.) Sandwith, Curarea candicans (Rich. ex DC.) Barneby, Sciadotenia candicans (Rich.) Diels) is a species in the Menispermaceae family.	Abuta candicans	species
taxon rank	Grevillea monslacana, commonly known as Lake Mountain Grevillea, is a shrub species which is endemic to mountainous areas of eastern Victoria in Australia.	Grevillea monslacana	species
taxon rank	Parcoblatta virginica, the Virginia wood cockroach, is a small cockroach species of the genus Parcoblatta, measuring about a centimeter long as an adult.	Parcoblatta virginica	species
taxon rank	Cotyachryson philippii is a species of round-necked longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Cerambycinae.	Cotyachryson philippii	species
taxon rank	Beroe ovata is a pelagic species and has a wide distribution in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	Beroe ovata	species
taxon rank	Chisternon is a genus of baenid cryptodiran turtles from the Eocene of North America.	Chisternon	genus
taxon rank	Kalanchoe fadeniorum is a species of Kalanchoe in the family Crassulaceae.	Kalanchoe fadeniorum	species
taxon rank	Acanthohoplitinae is an extinct subfamily of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite family Deshayesitidae.	Acanthohoplitinae	subfamily
taxon rank	In taxonomy, the Halobacteriales are an order of the Halobacteria, found in water saturated or nearly saturated with salt.	Halobacteriales	order
taxon rank	Oculinidae is a family of colonial corals.	Oculinidae	family
taxon rank	Rhabdosargus sarba (goldlined seabream, silver bream, tarwhine, or yellowfin bream) is a species of fish in the seabream family, Sparidae.	Rhabdosargus sarba	species
taxon rank	Oxypselaphus obscurus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Croatia, Iceland, Macedonia, Malta, Monaco, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, and Vatican City.	Oxypselaphus obscurus	species
taxon rank	Megabunus diadema is a species of harvestman widely distributed in Europe, where it has been found in Iceland, Faroe Islands, Western Norway, Great Britain, Western France, Belgium and Northern Spain.	Megabunus diadema	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades longebracteata is a species of terrestrial orchid in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern and south-central Madagascar.	Oeceoclades longebracteata	species
taxon rank	Micrurus bernadi is a species of venomous elapid snake, endemic to eastern Mexico.	Micrurus bernadi	species
taxon rank	Nasturtium floridanum, common names Florida yellowcress and Florida watercress, is an aquatic plant species endemic to Florida, though widely distributed within that state.	Nasturtium floridanum	species
taxon rank	Pectis cylindrica (Sonoran cinchweed) is an annual plant and species of Pectis.	Pectis cylindrica	species
taxon rank	The South African shelduck or Cape shelduck (Tadorna cana) is a species of shelduck, a group of large goose-like birds which are part of the bird family Anatidae, which also includes the swans, geese and ducks.	South African shelduck	species
taxon rank	Cerianthus lloydii is a species of tube-dwelling sea anemone in the family Cerianthidae.	Cerianthus lloydii	species
taxon rank	The Caudovirales are an order of viruses also known as the tailed bacteriophages.	Caudovirales	order
taxon rank	Nesocordulia villiersi is a species of dragonfly in family Corduliidae.	Nesocordulia villiersi	species
taxon rank	Liotiidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Liotiidae	family
taxon rank	Rubus liebmannii is a Mesoamerican species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus liebmannii	species
taxon rank	Erigeron subtrinervis, called the Three-Nerved Daisy, the Three-nerve fleabane, or the hairy showy daisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Erigeron subtrinervis	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops nigricans, or the black thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops nigricans	species
taxon rank	Propalaeotherium was an early genus of equid endemic to Europe and Asia during the Middle Eocene.	Propalaeotherium	genus
taxon rank	Paralatonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian from the late Cretaceous of Hațeg Island, modern day Romania.	Paralatonia	genus
taxon rank	Andropogon glomeratus is a species of grass known by the common names bushy bluestem and bushy beardgrass.	Andropogon glomeratus	species
taxon rank	Allogromia is a genus of Rhizaria, including the following species:	Allogromia	genus
taxon rank	Gobiodon quinquestrigatus, commonly known as the five-lined coral goby, is a species of goby.	Gobiodon quinquestrigatus	species
taxon rank	Hapalogenys is the only genus in the family Hapalogenyidae, the barbeled grunters,.	Hapalogenys	genus
taxon rank	Pholiota aurivella is a species of fungus in the family Strophariaceae that is found in native forest of New Zealand and in the United States.	Pholiota aurivella	species
taxon rank	Mesonoemacheilus triangularis or Nemacheilus periyarensis is a species of stone loach endemic to the Western Ghats in southern Karnataka, Kerala, and Tamil Nadu, India.	Mesonoemacheilus triangularis	species
taxon rank	Nycteroleteridae is a family of procolophonian parareptilians (early extinct reptiles) from the Middle to Late Permian of Russia and North America.	Nycteroleteridae	family
taxon rank	Neoclinus bryope, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Japan and South Korea in the western Pacific ocean, and around California in the eastern Pacific.	Neoclinus bryope	species
taxon rank	Veronica peregrina is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by several common names including neckweed, American speedwell, purslane speedwell and hairy purslane speedwell.	Veronica peregrina	species
taxon rank	Mysidae is the largest family of crustaceans in the order Mysida, with over 1000 species in around 170 genera.	Mysidae	family
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops weyrauchi, or the Argentine blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops weyrauchi	species
taxon rank	Archiinocellia is an extinct monotypic genus of Snakefly containing the single species Archiinocellia oligoneura.	Archiinocellia	genus
taxon rank	Clavenicodes clavus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Clavenicodes.	Clavenicodes clavus	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta stagnalis, the Desert cudweed, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta stagnalis	species
taxon rank	Amphiboloidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air-breathing land snails.	Amphiboloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Spinosophroniella rufa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinosophroniella.	Spinosophroniella rufa	species
taxon rank	Tripneustes parkinsoni is a species of sea urchins belonging to the family Toxopneustidae.	Tripneustes parkinsoni	species
taxon rank	Penestomus is a genus of spiders comprising about nine species.	Penestomus	genus
taxon rank	Carabus hungaricus is a beetle species native to the Palearctic.	Carabus hungaricus	species
taxon rank	Tayloria acuminata, commonly known as acuminate dung moss and acuminate trumpet moss, is a bright-green dung moss species with violet radicles that age to a dark red.	Tayloria acuminata	species
taxon rank	Monotocheirodon is a genus of characins native to tropical South America.	Monotocheirodon	genus
taxon rank	Banksia repens, the Creeping Banksia, is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia repens	species
taxon rank	Plocaederus plicatus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily of Cerambycinae.	Plocaederus plicatus	species
taxon rank	Leptoseps is a genus of rare skinks from Thailand and Vietnam.	Leptoseps	genus
taxon rank	Nebria steensensis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of Oregon.	Nebria steensensis	species
taxon rank	Anodonta cataracta, common name the Eastern Floater, is a species of large freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Anodonta cataracta	species
taxon rank	Diguetia is a genus of six-eyed spiders.	Diguetia	genus
taxon rank	Retiboletus griseus, commonly known as the gray bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Retiboletus griseus	species
taxon rank	Utaherpeton is an extinct genus of lepospondyl amphibian from the Carboniferous of Utah.	Utaherpeton	genus
taxon rank	Zaireichthys heterurus is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Lualaba River.	Zaireichthys heterurus	species
taxon rank	Chrysolina fuliginosa is a species of beetle from a family of Chrysomelidae, that can be found in France, Northern Italy, Northern Spain, and West Germany.	Chrysolina fuliginosa	species
taxon rank	Allomyces macrogynus is a species of fungus in the family Blastocladiaceae.	Allomyces macrogynus	species
taxon rank	Aetheliparis is a genus of snailfishes with one species known from the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of North America and the other from the Pacific Ocean near New Zealand.	Aetheliparis	genus
taxon rank	Myrtillocactus (from Latin, ``blueberry cactus'') is a genus of cacti.	Myrtillocactus	genus
taxon rank	Eronia, commonly called vagrants, is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Pierinae found mainly in Africa.	Eronia	genus
taxon rank	Flaveria vaginata is a very rare Mexican plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family.	Flaveria vaginata	species
taxon rank	Venegasia carpesioides is the only known species in the genus.	Venegasia	species
taxon rank	Chondrodactylus turneri is a species of gecko endemic to Africa.	Chondrodactylus turneri	species
taxon rank	Primula capillaris is a rare species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common name Ruby Mountains primrose, or Ruby Mountain primrose.	Primula capillaris	species
taxon rank	Quercus afares is a species of oak native to Algeria and Tunisia.	Quercus afares	species
taxon rank	It was described in 2011, and is the only species in the genus Taebaeksaukia.	Taebaeksaukia	genus
taxon rank	Cycas rumphii, commonly known as queen sago or the queen sago palm, is a dioecious gymnosperm, a species of cycad in the genus Cycas native to Indonesia, New Guinea and Christmas Island.	Cycas rumphii	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Dicanica acrocentra, which is found in South Africa.	Dicanica	species
taxon rank	Chlosyne is a genus of butterflies from North and South America in the family Nymphalidae.	Chlosyne	genus
taxon rank	Leucos aula is a species of freshwater fish, in the genus Leucos and the Cyprinidae family.	Leucos aula	species
taxon rank	Orchidophilus is a genus of true weevils in the subfamily Baridinae.	Orchidophilus	genus
taxon rank	Smilax melastomifolia, the Hawai'i greenbrier, is a species of spiny vine found in nature only in the Hawaiian Islands.	Smilax melastomifolia	species
taxon rank	Mertensophryne nyikae (common name: Nyika dwarf toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne nyikae	species
taxon rank	Gegeneophis primus is a species of caecilian discovered in Wynad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala, India.	Gegeneophis primus	species
taxon rank	Anubias pynaertii is a species belonging to the Aroid genus Anubias.	Anubias pynaertii	species
taxon rank	Blattabacterium is a genus of obligate mutualistic endosymbiont bacteria that are believed to inhabit all species of cockroach studied to date, with the exception of the genus Nocticola.	Blattabacterium	genus
taxon rank	Notocorrhenes dispersa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Notocorrhenes.	Notocorrhenes dispersa	species
taxon rank	Gymnoplectron is a genus of cave weta in the family Rhaphidophoridae, endemic to New Zealand.	Gymnoplectron	genus
taxon rank	Hadrosauroidea is a clade or superfamily of ornithischian dinosaurs that includes the ``duck-billed'' dinosaurs, or hadrosaurids, and all dinosaurs more closely related to them than to Iguanodon.	Hadrosauroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Atrophaneura dixoni is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in northern and central Sulawesi.	Atrophaneura dixoni	species
taxon rank	Allium cratericola is a species of wild onion known by the common name Cascade onion.	Allium cratericola	species
taxon rank	Borysthenia naticina is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.	Borysthenia naticina	species
taxon rank	Raillardella pringlei is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name showy raillardella.	Raillardella pringlei	species
taxon rank	The Hystricognathi are an infraorder of rodents, distinguished from other rodents by the bone structure of their skulls.	Hystricognathi	infraorder
taxon rank	Laetilia zamacrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Laetilia.	Laetilia zamacrella	species
taxon rank	Austroclavus undatus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Conoidea.	Austroclavus undatus	species
taxon rank	The Eumaeini are a tribe of gossamer-winged butterflies (family Lycaenidae).	Eumaeini	tribe
taxon rank	Zootermopsis angusticollis is a species of termite (Isoptera) in the family Termopsidae, a group known as the dampwood termites.	Zootermopsis angusticollis	species
taxon rank	Eretmodini is a tribe of African cichlids.	Eretmodini	tribe
taxon rank	Eumeta is a genus of bagworm moths.	Eumeta	genus
taxon rank	Zaireichthys rotundiceps, the Spotted sand catlet, is a species of loach catfish that occurs in the countries of Botswana, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe with uncertain records from Burundi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Zaireichthys rotundiceps	species
taxon rank	Tauschia arguta is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name southern umbrellawort.	Tauschia arguta	species
taxon rank	DNA samples show that Pisolithus hypogaeus is a relative of other brown- and echinulate-spored Pisolithus species, and is most closely related to two undescribed epigeous Pisolithus species from Australia.	Pisolithus hypogaeus	species
taxon rank	Sperata seenghala, the Giant river-catfish, is a species of bagrid catfish.	Sperata seenghala	species
taxon rank	The small bird family Callaeidae (also named in some sources as Callaeatidae) is endemic to New Zealand.	Callaeidae	family
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis pallens is an endemic species of orchid from the Philippines.	Phalaenopsis pallens	species
taxon rank	Cerinomyces is a genus of fungi in the Dacrymycetales order.	Cerinomyces	genus
taxon rank	Pseudurgis is a genus of moths in the Tineidae family.	Pseudurgis	genus
taxon rank	Auratonota chlamydophora is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Ecuador.	Auratonota chlamydophora	species
taxon rank	Sclerodactylidae is a family of sea cucumbers, marine invertebrates with elongated bodies, leathery skins and tentacles.	Sclerodactylidae	family
taxon rank	Callyspongia truncata is a demosponge species in the genus Callyspongia.	Callyspongia truncata	species
taxon rank	Murex scolopax, also known as the False venus comb or Woodcock murex, is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Murex scolopax	species
taxon rank	Anthela ocellata, the eyespot anthelid, is a species of moth of the family Anthelidae.	Anthela ocellata	species
taxon rank	Spinocentruropsis papuanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinocentruropsis.	Spinocentruropsis papuanus	species
taxon rank	The Acrobatidae are a small family of gliding marsupials containing two genera, each with a single species, the feathertail glider (Acrobates pygmaeus) from Australia and feather-tailed possum (Distoechurus pennatus) from New Guinea.	Acrobatidae	family
taxon rank	Emesopsis streiti is a species of Emesinae described from Malaysia.	Emesopsis streiti	species
taxon rank	Swans are birds of the family Anatidae within the genus Cygnus.	Swan	genus
taxon rank	Callitriche marginata is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name winged water starwort.	Callitriche marginata	species
taxon rank	Hydnellum multiceps is a rare species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Hydnellum multiceps	species
taxon rank	Dendraster is a genus of sand dollars of the family Dendrasteridae within the order Clypeasteroida.	Dendraster	genus
taxon rank	Peloconus junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Peloconus.	Peloconus junodi	species
taxon rank	Vittaria, the shoestring ferns, is a genus of ferns in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the family Pteridaceae.	Vittaria	genus
taxon rank	Euleptes is a monotypic genus of gecko in the family Phyllodactylida, commonly known as European Leaf-toed Gecko.	Euleptes	genus
taxon rank	Delphinium andersonii is a species of larkspur known as Anderson's larkspur.	Delphinium andersonii	species
taxon rank	Candidatus Rhabdochlamydia is a genus of intracellular bacteria; a separate family, Candidatus Rhabdochlamydiaceae, has been proposed for this genus.	Rhabdochlamydia	genus
taxon rank	Haworthia pygmaea is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, endemic to the Mossel Bay area of the Western Cape, South Africa.	Haworthia pygmaea	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Mycocryptospora anthostomoides.	Mycocryptospora	species
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, Alienia flavofascia, which is found in Borneo and was described from the Crocker Range National Park in Sabah.	Alienia	species
taxon rank	Promoschorhynchus is a genus of akidnognathid therocephalian from the Late Permian and Early Triassic of South Africa.	Promoschorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus casparii is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Sierra de Trinidad, Cienfuegos Province, Cuba.	Eleutherodactylus casparii	species
taxon rank	†Partula castanea was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula castanea	species
taxon rank	Atractodenchelys is a genus of eels in the cutthroat eel family Synaphobranchidae.	Atractodenchelys	genus
taxon rank	Dascyllus reticulatus, known commonly as the Reticulate dascyllus or Two Stripe Damselfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Dascyllus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Seminobatrachus is an extinct genus of neotenic salamander from late Paleocene to early Eocene deposits of Cherkassy Region, central Ukraine.	Seminobatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Teuthidodrilus (also known as the squidworm), is a genus of marine polychaete worms first described by marine biologists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in November 2010.	Teuthidodrilus	genus
taxon rank	Ostorhinchus doederleini is a species of fish in the cardinalfish family, also known by the common names Doederlein's cardinalfish and fourline cardinalfish.	Ostorhinchus doederleini	species
taxon rank	Falsenicodes lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsenicodes.	Falsenicodes lineatus	species
taxon rank	Metagynella is a genus of mites, placed in its own family, Metagynuridae in the order Mesostigmata.	Metagynella	family
taxon rank	Sorghastrum secundum is a species of grass known by the common name lopsided Indiangrass.	Sorghastrum secundum	species
taxon rank	Nanorana vicina (common names: Himalaya paa frog, Stoliczka's frog, Murree frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana vicina	species
taxon rank	Mnesarchaea fusca is a species of primitive moths in the family Mnesarchaeidae.	Mnesarchaea fusca	species
taxon rank	Lasius balearicus is an ant species from the genus Lasius.	Lasius balearicus	species
taxon rank	The Trankien frog, Odorrana trankieni, is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Odorrana trankieni	species
taxon rank	Platyja umbrina is a species of noctuoid moths of the Erebidae family.	Platyja umbrina	species
taxon rank	Mimoxenoleoides fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoxenoleoides.	Mimoxenoleoides fasciculosa	species
taxon rank	Glyptodontopelta (meaning ``Glyptodon shield'', a reference to the similarity of its pelvic armor to that of Glyptodon) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Glyptodontopelta	genus
taxon rank	Plagioporus skrjabini is a species of a trematode in the family Opecoelidae.	Plagioporus skrjabini	species
taxon rank	Melinoessa fulvescens is a species of moth in the family Geometridae, native to Sierra Leone and Gambia.	Melinoessa fulvescens	species
taxon rank	Comephorus, known as the golomyankas or Baikal oilfish, are a genus comprising two species of peculiar, sculpin-like fishes endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.	Comephorus	genus
taxon rank	Uperodon systoma is a species of narrow-mouthed frog found in Pakistan, India, Nepal, and Sri Lanka.	Uperodon systoma	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the water plantain family known by the common name arumleaf arrowhead or duck potato.	Sagittaria cuneata	species
taxon rank	The Mycerobas grosbeaks are a genus of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Mycerobas	genus
taxon rank	The Mullya Garra (Garra mullya) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Garra mullya	species
taxon rank	Xylobium, abbreviated Xyl in horticultural trade, is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae.	Xylobium	genus
taxon rank	Flying squirrels (scientifically known as Pteromyini or Petauristini) are a tribe of 44 species of squirrels in the family Sciuridae.	Flying squirrel	tribe
taxon rank	Astrantia bavarica, common name masterwort, is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae, native to Eastern alps.	Astrantia bavarica	species
taxon rank	The Ascarididae are a family of the large intestinal roundworms.	Ascarididae	family
taxon rank	Hylarana kreffti (common names: San Cristoval frog, San Cristobal treefrog) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana kreffti	species
taxon rank	Mimulus palmeri is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Palmer's monkeyflower.	Mimulus palmeri	species
taxon rank	Charaxes zoolina is a member of the species group Charaxes zoolina.	Charaxes zoolina	species
taxon rank	As of June 2014 The Plant List recognises the single species Schuurmansiella angustifolia.	Schuurmansiella	species
taxon rank	Bobgunnia madagascariensis (Bambara: Samagara), also called the snake bean plant, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Bobgunnia madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Ogcocephalus parvus, the Roughback batfish, is a species of batfish found along the coast of the western Atlantic Ocean from North Carolina in the USA to Brazil.	Ogcocephalus parvus	species
taxon rank	Chlidichthys inornatus is a species of fish in the Pseudochromidae family.	Chlidichthys inornatus	species
taxon rank	The Coelophysidae are a family of primitive carnivorous theropod dinosaurs.	Coelophysidae	family
taxon rank	Negaprion eurybathrodon is an extinct species of lemon shark, which existed in what is now the United States during the Miocene period.	Negaprion eurybathrodon	species
taxon rank	Momotus is a small genus of the motmots, a family of near passerine birds found in forest and woodland of the Neotropics.	Momotus	genus
taxon rank	Monolopia stricta is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Crum's monolopia.	Monolopia stricta	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis anoterus, the pennant-tailed suckermouth, is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique, South Africa and Swaziland where it occurs in escarpment streams of the Pongolo and Incomati River systems.	Chiloglanis anoterus	species
taxon rank	Leotia viscosa (common name, chicken lips) is a species of mushroom in the Leotiaceae family.	Leotia viscosa	species
taxon rank	Rhizopus nigricans is a fungus commonly known as bread mold and is the most common species of Rhizopus.	Rhizopus nigricans	species
taxon rank	Choanephora is a genus of Zygomycota fungi.	Choanephora	genus
taxon rank	Amaranthus albus is an annual species of flowering plant.	Amaranthus albus	species
taxon rank	Polycotylidae is a family of plesiosaurs from the Cretaceous, a sister group to Leptocleididae.	Polycotylidae	family
taxon rank	Multidentula ovularis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Enidae.	Multidentula ovularis	species
taxon rank	Belemnitella is a genus of belemnite from the Late Cretaceous of Europe and North America.	Belemnitella	genus
taxon rank	Box kite spiders is a common name for the Afrotropical Isoxya genus of orb-weaver spiders.	Box kite spider	genus
taxon rank	Octamyrtus is a group of plantss in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1922.	Octamyrtus	genus
taxon rank	Seyrigia albopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Seyrigia.	Seyrigia	genus
taxon rank	Quercus infectoria (Aleppo oak) is a species of oak, bearing galls that have been traditionally used for centuries in Asia medicinally.	Quercus infectoria	species
taxon rank	Chikku Chikku (Hypochaeris sessiliflora) is a South American species of plants in the daisy family.	Hypochaeris sessiliflora	species
taxon rank	Allium chrysocephalum is a plant species native to China, in the provinces Gansu, Qinghai, and Sichuan.	Allium chrysocephalum	species
taxon rank	The Sierolomorphidae are a family of about 10 known species of wasps, all in the genus Sierolomorpha, found in the Northern Hemisphere.	Sierolomorphidae	family
taxon rank	Euphorbia resinifera (Resin spurge) is a species of spurge native to Morocco, where it occurs on the slopes of the Atlas Mountains.	Euphorbia resinifera	species
taxon rank	Ancylostoma pluridentatum is a species of parasitic hookworm that infects wild species of cats.	Ancylostoma pluridentatum	species
taxon rank	Divarilima pellucida is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.	Divarilima pellucida	species
taxon rank	Anyphaenidae is a family araneomorph spiders, sometimes called anyphaenid sac spiders.	Anyphaenidae	family
taxon rank	Delonix baccal is a species of leguminous tree in the Fabaceae family.	Delonix baccal	species
taxon rank	Aparescus praecox is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aparescus.	Aparescus praecox	species
taxon rank	The Yunnan lake newt (Cynops wolterstorffi) is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family, and is also known as Wolterstorff's newt.	Yunnan lake newt	species
taxon rank	Amietophrynus reesi, the Merara toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Amietophrynus reesi	species
taxon rank	Dyspanopeus sayi is a species of mud crab that is native to the Atlantic coast of North America.	Dyspanopeus sayi	species
taxon rank	Blister beetles are beetles of the family Meloidae, so called for their defensive secretion of a blistering agent, cantharidin.	Blister beetle	family
taxon rank	Balistoides is a genus of triggerfishes native to the Indo-Pacific region.	Balistoides	genus
taxon rank	Nembrotha lineolata is a species of nudibranch, a sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Nembrotha lineolata	species
taxon rank	Papaver pygmaeum is a species of poppy known by the common name alpine glacier poppy.	Papaver pygmaeum	species
taxon rank	Minuartia rosei is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names peanut sandwort and peanut stitchwort.	Minuartia rosei	species
taxon rank	Prototocyon or Sivacyon is an extinct genus of small omnivorous canid living during the Pleistocene.	Prototocyon	genus
taxon rank	Scarabaeus sacer is a species of dung beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.	Scarabaeus sacer	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum druryi is a species of orchid endemic to the Travancore Hills of southern India.	Paphiopedilum druryi	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria fusca is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to Tibet.	Fritillaria fusca	species
taxon rank	Nebria dejeanii is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Austria.	Nebria dejeanii	species
taxon rank	Allium runyonii is a North American species of wild onion native to southern Texas about as far north as Corpus Christi, as well as to the Mexican States of Nuevo León and Tamaulipas.	Allium runyonii	species
taxon rank	Packera cardamine is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name bittercress ragwort.	Packera cardamine	species
taxon rank	Tridysderina is a genus of goblin spider.	Tridysderina	genus
taxon rank	Cicindela highlandensis is a species of beetle known by the common name Highlands tiger beetle.	Cicindela highlandensis	species
taxon rank	Parasphaerichthys is a genus of gouramies known only from Myanmar.	Parasphaerichthys	genus
taxon rank	Geastrum pectinatum is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the earthstar family of fungi.	Geastrum pectinatum	species
taxon rank	Agaricus hondensis, commonly known as the felt-ringed agaricus, is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Agaricus hondensis	species
taxon rank	Conus magnificus, common name the ``magnificent cone'', is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus magnificus	species
taxon rank	The Pteranodontidae are a family of large pterosaurs of the Cretaceous Period of North America.	Pteranodontidae	family
taxon rank	Craterocephalus marjoriae, commonly known as Marjorie's hardyhead or silverstreak hardyhead, is a species of fish in the family Atherinidae that is native to eastern Australia, namely central Queensland to northeastern New South Wales.	Craterocephalus marjoriae	species
taxon rank	Musca osiris is a species of fly in the genus Musca.	Musca osiris	species
taxon rank	Cleisostoma is a genus of orchid with approximately 90 accepted species widely distributed through much of the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia, China, New Guinea, and some of the islands of the Western Pacific.	Cleisostoma	genus
taxon rank	Chelon is a genus of mullets found in coastal marine waters, estuaries and rivers in the Indo-Pacific and northeast Atlantic, including the Mediterranean.	Chelon	genus
taxon rank	Althaspis is an extinct genus of pteraspidid heterostracan agnathan.	Althaspis	genus
taxon rank	Millotia is a genus of small annual herbs in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family.	Millotia	genus
taxon rank	Sarocalamus is a genus of Asian bamboo in the grass family.	Sarocalamus	genus
taxon rank	Liatris helleri is a species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common names Heller's blazing star and Heller's gayfeather.	Liatris helleri	species
taxon rank	Danocrania is an extinct genus of brachiopod from the Upper Cretaceous and Lower Paleocene of Europe and Australia.	Danocrania	genus
taxon rank	Sattar snowtrout (Schizothorax curvifrons) is a species of cyprinid native to southern Asia from Iran to China where it can be found in most types of freshwater habitats.	Sattar snowtrout	species
taxon rank	Harpathaumas priscus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Harpathaumas.	Harpathaumas	species
taxon rank	Acer stewarti is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a series of fossil leaves and samaras.	Acer stewarti	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic and contains the single species Xyleborus sporodochifer, first reported in 2007, and found in the Ozarks in Missouri.	Xyleborus sporodochifer	species
taxon rank	Hierochloe occidentalis is a species of grass known by the common name California sweetgrass.	Hierochloe occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Merlucciidae are a family of cod-like fish, including most hakes.	Merlucciidae	family
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Pelzia alticolana, which is found in Ecuador (Carchi Province).	Pelzia	species
taxon rank	Amanita sphaerobulbosa, commonly known as the Asian abrupt-bulbed Lepidella, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae.	Amanita sphaerobulbosa	species
taxon rank	Osteopilus is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family.	Osteopilus	genus
taxon rank	Anthracobune (``coal mound'') is an extinct genus of stem perissodactyl from the middle Eocene of the Upper Kuldana Formation of Kohat, Punjab, Pakistan.	Anthracobune	genus
taxon rank	Dendrobium unicum is a species of orchid, commonly known as the Unique Dendrobium native to Indochina (Thailand, Laos, Vietnam).	Dendrobium unicum	species
taxon rank	Cleithrolepis is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Triassic.	Cleithrolepis	genus
taxon rank	Eliotia is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is a synonym of Rachana since Eliotia is preoccupied	Eliotia	genus
taxon rank	Limnophora is a genus of flies, belonging to the family Muscidae.	Limnophora	genus
taxon rank	Austrostipa crinita is a species of grass that grows in coastal parts of midwest Western Australia.	Austrostipa crinita	species
taxon rank	Muraenosaurus (from the Latin ``Muraena'' meaning ``eel'' and ``Sauros'' meaning lizard) is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur reptile from the Oxford Clay of Southern England.	Muraenosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Scabroschema scabricolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Scabroschema.	Scabroschema scabricolle	species
taxon rank	Mordacia lapicida, also known as the Chilean Lamprey, is a species of southern topeyed lamprey endemic to southern Chile, where it can be found in riverine and marine habitats.	Mordacia lapicida	species
taxon rank	Sathrophyllia is a genus of Asian katydid.	Sathrophyllia	genus
taxon rank	Thomas's fruit-eating bat (Artibeus watsoni), sometimes also popularly called Watson's fruit-eating bat, is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Thomas's fruit-eating bat	species
taxon rank	Arctosa fulvolineata is a wolf spider species in the genus Arctosa found in Europe, Mallorca and North Africa.	Arctosa fulvolineata	species
taxon rank	Hemiphruda mecasa is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Hemiphruda genus.	Hemiphruda	species
taxon rank	Zodarion styliferum is a spider species found in Portugal, Spain and Madeira.	Zodarion styliferum	species
taxon rank	Epimecis scolopaiae is a species of moth in the family Geometridae, subfamily Ennominae.	Epimecis scolopaiae	species
taxon rank	Reichardia ligulata is a species of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family (Asteraceae) native to the Canary Islands (Tenerife, Grand Canaria and La Palma) where it grows within gravel piles upon coastal cliffs.	Reichardia ligulata	species
taxon rank	Sarcodon imbricatus, commonly known as the shingled hedgehog or scaly hedgehog, is a species of tooth fungus in the order Thelephorales.	Sarcodon imbricatus	species
taxon rank	Sclerorhynchus is an extinct genus of primitive batoidean that lived in the Cretaceous.	Sclerorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Megachile fidelis, the faithful leafcutting bee, is a species of bee in the Megachile genus.	Megachile fidelis	species
taxon rank	Turbo crassus, common name the crass turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Turbo crassus	species
taxon rank	Adonidia is a genus of flowering plants in the Arecaceae family.	Adonidia	genus
taxon rank	Rodriguezia candida is a species of orchid native to Venezuela, Brazil, French Guiana, Suriname.	Rodriguezia candida	species
taxon rank	Vendia is a genus of oval-shaped, Ediacaran fossils ranging from 4.5 to 12.5 mm long.	Vendia	genus
taxon rank	The Solanaceae, or nightshades, are an economically important family of flowering plants.	Solanaceae	family
taxon rank	Megacephala wimmeri is a brown coloured species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1958, and is endemic to Santa Cruz, Bolivia.	Megacephala wimmeri	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia densa is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names Royal Gorge blazingstar and Royal Gorge stickleaf.	Mentzelia densa	species
taxon rank	Alsodes pehuenche (common name: Pehuenche spiny-chest frog) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family.	Alsodes pehuenche	species
taxon rank	Rhynocoris iracundus is a species of assassin and thread-legged bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae, subfamily Harpactorinae.	Rhynocoris iracundus	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus aporostegus (commonly known as the Tiburon burrowing frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus aporostegus	species
taxon rank	Praealticus natalis, the Natal blenny or the Natal rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific and Indian ocean.	Praealticus natalis	species
taxon rank	Paysonia auriculata, the Earleaf bladderpod, is a plant species native to the south-central part of the United States.	Paysonia auriculata	species
taxon rank	Lentinula lateritia is a species of agaric fungus in the family Omphalotaceae.	Lentinula lateritia	species
taxon rank	Biebersteinia is a genus containing four species of herbs in the flowering plant order Sapindales.	Biebersteinia	genus
taxon rank	Pholidichthys is a genus of perciform fish which consists of two species of the tropical Pacific Ocean.	Pholidichthys	genus
taxon rank	Erronea onyx, common name the onyx cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erronea onyx	species
taxon rank	Atractaspis congica, or the Congo burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis congica	species
taxon rank	Astarte castanea, or the chestnut astarte, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Astartidae.	Astarte castanea	species
taxon rank	Sociala is an extinct genus of cockroach which existed in what is now France during the early Cretaceous period (Albian age).	Sociala	genus
taxon rank	Bombus ignitus is a species of bumblebee in the family Apidae.	Bombus ignitus	species
taxon rank	Leptocharacidium omospilus is a species of fish in the Crenuchidae family (South American darters).	Leptocharacidium omospilus	species
taxon rank	Eulogia is a genus of the moth of the Pyralidae family containing only one species, the Broad-banded Eulogia Moth, Eulogia ochrifrontella.	Eulogia ochrifrontella	species
taxon rank	Aphonopelma armada is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae, found in United States (Texas).	Aphonopelma armada	species
taxon rank	Machairodus is a genus of large machairodontine saber-toothed cats that lived in Europe, Asia, Africa and North America during the late Miocene.	Machairodus	genus
taxon rank	Harpalus punctipennis is a species of ground beetle from Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in French and Italian Alps.	Harpalus punctipennis	species
taxon rank	Psaltoda moerens, commonly known as the redeye, is an Australian species of cicada.	Psaltoda moerens	species
taxon rank	Carabus alexandrae cratocephaloides is a subspecies of black coloured beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Gansu, China.	Carabus alexandrae cratocephaloides	subspecies
taxon rank	The Diprionidae are a small family of conifer-feeding sawflies (thus the common name conifer sawflies, though other Symphyta feed on conifers) restricted to the Northern Hemisphere, with some 90 species in 11 genera worldwide.	Diprionidae	family
taxon rank	Cypripedium yatabeanum, common name spotted lady slipper, is a species of terrestrial orchids.	Cypripedium yatabeanum	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Ignisphaera is a genus of the Desulfurococcales.	Ignisphaera	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pseudoparodia pseudopeziza.	Pseudoparodia	species
taxon rank	Eutudora jimenoi is a species of an operculate land snail, terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.	Eutudora jimenoi	species
taxon rank	Melanoxanthus yushiroi is a species of beetle from the Elateridae family.	Melanoxanthus yushiroi	species
taxon rank	Calumma boettgeri, commonly known as Boettger's chameleon or the blue-nosed chameleon, is a chameleon species endemic to northern Madagascar, and common in the forests of Nosy Be.	Calumma boettgeri	species
taxon rank	Penstemon grinnellii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Grinnell's beardtongue.	Penstemon grinnellii	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia paralias (sea spurge) is a species of Euphorbia, native to Europe, northern Africa, and western Asia.	Euphorbia paralias	species
taxon rank	Oryzias curvinotus or the Malabar ricefish are a freshwater--brackish fish species native to the Gulf of Kutch to Trivandrum, Kerala, India.	Oryzias curvinotus	species
taxon rank	Terebratula is a modern genus of brachiopod with a fossil record dating back to the Late Devonian.	Terebratula	genus
taxon rank	Gagata youssoufi is a species of sisorid catfish native to India and Bangladesh.	Gagata youssoufi	species
taxon rank	Callionymus aagilis, the Slow dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean around Réunion and Mauritius.	Callionymus aagilis	species
taxon rank	Struthiocephalus (``Ostrich Head'') is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsid from the Permian of South Africa.	Struthiocephalus	genus
voice type	Barry McDaniel (born October 18, 1930 in Lyndon, Kansas) is an American operatic baritone who spent his career almost exclusively in Germany.	Barry McDaniel	baritone
voice type	Eleanor Lausch Dietrich (Brooklyn, NY, July 30, 1912 - Island Park, NY, May 4, 2001) was an American operatic soprano.	Eleanor Lausch Dietrich	soprano
voice type	Andrzej Dobber (born May 28, 1961 in Więcbork, Poland) is an operatic baritone.	Andrzej Dobber	baritone
voice type	Patrizia Ciofi (born 7 June 1967) is an Italian operatic Coloratura soprano .	Patrizia Ciofi	soprano
voice type	Jacques Isnardon (15 February 1860 - 14 November 1930) was a French bass-baritone, writer and voice teacher.	Jacques Isnardon	bass
voice type	Marina Prior (born 18 October 1963) is an Australian soprano and actress with a career mainly in musical theatre.	Marina Prior	soprano
voice type	Harriett Abrams (born c. 1758- died 8 March 1821, Torquay) was an English soprano and composer.	Harriett Abrams	soprano
voice type	Libuše Domanínská (surname also Klobásková and Vyčichlováborn; 4 July 1924, Brno) is a Czech classical soprano who had an active career in concerts and operas from the 1940s through the 1970s.	Libuše Domanínská	soprano
voice type	Allan James Foley (Signor Foli) (7 August 1837 -- 10 October 1899), distinguished 19th century Irish bass opera singer, was born at Cahir, Tipperary.	Allan James Foley	bass
voice type	Philip Ritte (8 January 1871 -- 14 December 1954) was a British tenor of the early 20th century.	Philip Ritte	tenor
