Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand ( 1984 ) is a science fiction novel by Samuel R. Delany .
The Anthologist is a novel about poetry by Nicholson Baker which was first published in 2009 .
The Book of Los is a 1795 prophetic book by the English poet and painter William Blake .
Boys ' Ranch was a six - issue American comic book series created by the veteran writer - artist team of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for Harvey Comics in 1950 .
Cloud Boy is a children 's picture book written and illustrated by creator Rhode Montijo and published by Simon & Schuster Children 's Publishing .
Rim of the Pit ( 1944 ) is a locked - room mystery novel written by Hake Talbot , a pen name of Henning Nelms .
Regarding the Pain of Others is a 2003 book by Susan Sontag , which was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award .
TekWar is a series of science fiction novels created by William Shatner and ghost - written by science - fiction author Ron Goulart , published by Putnam .
The Elegance of the Hedgehog ( French : L'Élégance du hérisson ) is a novel by the French novelist and professor of philosophy Muriel Barbery .
A Captive Lion is a 1987 biography of Marina Tsvetayeva by Elaine Feinstein .
People of the Wolf is a 1990 historical fiction novel by husband and wife co - authors W. Michael Gear and Kathleen O'Neal Gear .
The Defence of the True and Catholic Doctrine of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ is a book by Thomas Cranmer , Archbishop of Canterbury .
Such a Parcel of Rogues in a Nation is a Scottish folk song whose lyrics are taken from a poem written by Robert Burns in 1791 .
Moral Disorder ( ISBN 0 - 7475 - 8162 - 2 ) is a collection of connected short stories by Margaret Atwood .
The Rise and Fall of Little Voice is a 1992 play written by English dramatist Jim Cartwright .
Danger Unlimited is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne .
Flight from Nevèrÿon is a collection of sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany .
The King 's Dragon is the 41st Doctor Who New Series Adventures novel , published on 8 July 2010 by BBC Books and written by Una McCormack .
Telek is a science fiction novella about telekinesis by American author Jack Vance .
Full Dark , No Stars , published in November 2010 , is a collection of four novellas by the author Stephen King , all dealing with the theme of retribution .
Bad Debts ( 1996 ) is a Ned Kelly Award winning novel by Australian author Peter Temple .
The Adoration of the Sacrament ( 1523 ) ( German : Vom Anbeten des Sakraments des heiligen leichnams Christi ) is Martin Luther 's treatise , written to Bohemian Brethren to defend the adoration of the body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist .
Die Nigger Die ! is a 1969 political autobiography by the American political activist H. Rap Brown ( now known as Jamil Abdullah al - Amin ) .
In Good King Charles 's Golden Days is a play by George Bernard Shaw , subtitled A True History that Never Happened .
Nightmare Inn is a series of young adult horror novels by Todd Strasser , who penned the books using the pseudonym T. S. Rue ( another pen name he sometimes uses is Morton Rhue ) .
Smoky Joe 's Cafe , a novel by Bryce Courtenay , deals with the psychological and physical scars on `` Thommo '' left by the Vietnam War and Agent Orange .
The Crook Factory is a thriller novel by American author Dan Simmons .
Gypsy Rizka is a light - hearted novel by Lloyd Alexander about a girl who survives purely on her own wit .
`` Lucy Gray '' is a poem written by William Wordsworth in 1799 and published in his Lyrical Ballads .
Summer Brave is a play by William Inge , a revision of his Pulitzer Prize - winning 1953 play Picnic .
The Jaguar Hunter is a collection of science fiction , fantasy and horror stories by American author Lucius Shepard .
First Men to the Moon is a novel by rocketry expert Wernher von Braun , published in 1960 .
The Man in the Moone is a book by the English divine and Church of England bishop Francis Godwin ( 1562 - -1633 ) , describing a `` voyage of utopian discovery '' .
The Badlands Saloon is a novel by Jonathan Twingley , a nationally - recognized artist and illustrator in the U.S. Published by Scribner in 2009 , the 224-page hardcover tells the story of Oliver Clay , and his life - changing summer in a small North Dakota town .
The Rich Pay Late is Volume I of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven , published in 1964 .
A River Sutra is a collection of stories written by Gita Mehta and published in 1993 .
`` Description of a Struggle '' ( German : `` Beschreibung eines Kampfes '' ) is a short story by Franz Kafka .
A Game of Authors is a thriller novel written by Frank Herbert between The Dragon in the Sea ( 1955 ) and Dune ( 1965 ) , and published posthumously in 2013 .
A History of the English - Speaking Peoples is a four - volume history of Britain and its former colonies and possessions throughout the world , written by Winston Churchill , covering the period from Caesar 's invasions of Britain ( 55 BC ) to the beginning of the First World War ( 1914 ) .
`` Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut '' is a short story by J. D. Salinger , which appears in his collection Nine Stories .
Corps Locaux by Jean - Pierre Serre , originally published in 1962 and translated into English as Local Fields by Marvin Jay Greenberg in 1979 , is a seminal graduate - level algebraic number theory text covering local fields , ramification , group cohomology , and local class field theory .
Die Sexualität i m Kulturkampf ( `` sexuality in the culture war '' ) , 1936 ( published later in English as The Sexual Revolution ) , is a work by Wilhelm Reich .
Menhaj Al - Sadeghin is a fifteenth - century exegesis of the Quran in Persian in 10 volumes by Molla Fathollah Kashani .
Rhett Butler 's People by Donald McCaig is an authorized sequel to Gone with the Wind .
Traditi humilitati is a papal encyclical issued by Pope Pius VIII in 1829 .
The Amazing 3 , known in Japan as W3 or Wonder 3 ( ワンダー3 Wandā Surī ) , is an Osamu Tezuka manga and a black and white anime series from the 1960s .
The City of Ravens is a fantasy novel by Richard Baker that is set in city of Raven 's Bluff in the Forgotten Realms fictional universe .
Captain Slaughterboard Drops Anchor is a darkly humorous children 's picture book written and illustrated by the British author Mervyn Peake and published by Country Life in 1939 .
Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm .
The Mystery Play is the title of a graphic novel written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Jon J. Muth , it was released as a hardcover by DC Comics Vertigo imprint in 1994 .
The Island of the Day Before ( Italian : L'isola del giorno prima ) is a historical fiction novel by Umberto Eco set in the 17th - century during the historical search for the secret of longitude .
Most recently , Spécialités de la Maison was reprinted with a preface and select biographies by former Art + Auction editor Christine Schwartz Hartley and a forward by Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter .
The Second Stage is a 1981 book by American feminist , activist and writer Betty Friedan , best known for her earlier book The Feminine Mystique .
Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich ( Russian : Царь Фёдор Иоаннович , old orthography : Царь Ѳедоръ Іоанновичъ ) is a 1868 historical drama by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy .
Necroscope is the title of a series of horror novels by British author Brian Lumley .
Drömmen om en vän in Swedish and Drømmen om en venn in Norwegian ( in English The Dream about a Friend ; this novel has not has been translated into English ) is a novel by Margit Sandemo .
Conspiracy Game is the fourth title in the Ghostwalker Series of paranormal romance by Christine Feehan .
Blood and Smoke ( 1999 ) is an audiobook where Stephen King reads three of his own short stories .
L'huomo di lettere difeso ed emendato ( Rome , 1645 ) by the Ferrarese Jesuit Daniello Bartoli ( 1608 - 1685 ) is a two - part treatise on the man of letters bringing together material he had assembled as a teacher of rhetoric and a preacher .
I , Juan de Pareja is a novel by Elizabeth Borton de Treviño that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children 's literature in 1966 .
A Gent from Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard .
Tramp Royale is a nonfiction travelogue by science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein , describing how he and his wife , Ginny , went around the world by ship and plane between 1953 and 1954 .
The Expanded Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook by Bruce Cordell for the 3.5 edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game that contains rules and options for integrating psychic powers ( a.k.a . psionics ) into the game .
`` The Doctor and the Doctor 's Wife '' is a short story by Ernest Hemingway , published in the 1925 New York edition of In Our Time , by Boni & Liveright .
`` Delilah and the Space Rigger '' , a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein , is one of his most explicitly feminist - themed short stories .
Starship Through Space is a science - fiction novel written by G. Harry Stine under the pseudonym Lee Correy .
Life Together is a book by the German theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer , written while Bonhoeffer taught at an underground seminary .
The Delicate Prey and Other Stories is a collection of 17 stories written by Paul Bowles , first published in 1950 .
Black Chicks Talking is an arts project by Australian actress Leah Purcell featuring a 2001 documentary film , a 2002 book , a stage production and an art exhibition .
The IPCRESS File is Len Deighton 's first spy novel , published in 1962 .
Ella Morris is the tenth novel by John David Morley , a story of Europe , about the calamities which befell the continent last century .
Dark Age Ahead is a 2004 book by Jane Jacobs describing what she sees as the decay of five key `` pillars '' in `` North America '' : community and family , higher education , science and technology , taxes and government responsive to citizen 's needs , and self - regulation by the learned professions .
The Oversoul Seven Trilogy is a novel by psychic author Jane Roberts .
Bo Knows Bo is the autobiography of Bo Jackson , who excelled in both professional football and professional baseball , before injuries ended his careers .
Zombie Bums from Uranus is a novel by Australian children 's author Andy Griffiths , and is the second part of Griffiths ' Bum trilogy .
Something Might Happen ( 2003 ) is a novel by Julie Myerson about a murder in a small English seaside town and how it affects the community as well as friends and family of the murder victim .
Iphigénie is a dramatic tragedy in five acts written in alexandrine verse by the French playwright Jean Racine .
Chicks ' n Chained Males is an anthology of fantasy stories , edited by Esther M. Friesner with the assistance of Martin H. Greenberg , with a cover by Larry Elmore .
The Galactic Gourmet is a 1996 science fiction book by author James White and is part of the Sector General series .
`` The Game of Rat and Dragon '' is a short story written by Cordwainer Smith in 1954 and published in Galaxy Science Fiction in 1955 .
Daphnis and Chloe ( Greek : Δάφνις καὶ Χλόη , Daphnis kai Chloē ) is the only known work of the 2nd century AD Greek novelist and romancer Longus .
Live at the Whitehouse is a live album by The Exploited .
Universe 1 is an anthology of original science fiction short stories edited by Terry Carr , the initial volume in a series of seventeen .
The Treasure of El Patron ( later retitled Treasure Ship ) is the tenth novel in World of Adventure series by Gary Paulsen .
The Plan of Guadalupe ( Spanish : Plan de Guadalupe ) was a document drafted on March 23 , 1913 by Governor of Coahuila , Venustiano Carranza , in response to the overthrow and execution of President Francisco I. Madero during the Ten Tragic Days of February 1913 .
The Theory of Good and Evil is a 1907 book by the English philosopher Hastings Rashdall .
The Līlāvatī is Indian mathematician Bhāskara II 's treatise on mathematics , written in 1150 .
The German Academy of the Noble Arts of Architecture , Sculpture and Painting , or Teutsche Academie , refers to a comprehensive dictionary of art by Joachim von Sandrart published in the late 17th - century .
The Claidi Journals is a fantasy novel quartet written by Tanith Lee .
The 120 Days of Sodom , or the School of Libertinism ( Les 120 journées de Sodome ou l'école du libertinage ) is a novel by the French writer and nobleman Donatien Alphonse François , Marquis de Sade .
Slavorum Apostoli ( Latin for Apostles of the Slavs ) is an encyclical written by Pope John Paul II in 1985 .
O Jerusalem ! is a history book by Dominique Lapierre and Larry Collins that seeks to capture the events and struggles surrounding the creation of the state of Israel .
Martial Power was published in November 2008 and was designed by Rob Heinsoo , David Noonan , Chris Sims , and Robert J. Schwalb .
The Howling Miller ( Finnish : Ulvova mylläri ) is a 1981 novel by the Finnish author Arto Paasilinna .
Sganarelle , or The Imaginary Cuckold ( French : Sganarelle , ou Le Cocu imaginaire ) is a one - act comedy in verse by Molière .
One of Cleopatra 's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances is a collection of fantasy short stories by Théophile Gautier , selected from his Nouvelles and Romans et Contes and translated from the French by Lafcadio Hearn .
Dangerous Obsession is a psychological thriller written by N. J. Crisp which premièred at the Churchill Theatre , Bromley on 9 November 1987 .
Barlowe 's Inferno details artist / author Wayne Barlowe 's imaginary journey to a unique and vivid depiction of Hell .
Se Wsi Testamenti ( Uusi testamentti in contemporary Finnish ) is the first translation of the New Testament to Finnish , by Mikael Agricola , the Bishop of Turku .
Translated Accounts is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 2001 .
The Solitaire Mystery ( Norwegian : Kabalmysteriet ) is a 1990 fantasy novel by Jostein Gaarder , the Norwegian author of the best - selling Sophie 's World .
The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J. Culbard .
The Sword of Shannara is a 1977 epic fantasy novel by Terry Brooks .
Un destino ridicolo ( A ridiculous destiny ) is a 1996 novel written by the Italian singer - songwriter Fabrizio De André together with the writer Alessandro Gennari .
`` The People of the Summit '' is a short story by Björn Nyberg , subsequently revised by L. Sprague de Camp , featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard .
The Song of the Shirt is a poem written by Thomas Hood in 1843 .
The Goliath Bone is the 14th entry in the Mike Hammer series by Mickey Spillane .
The Men Who Stare at Goats ( 2004 ) is a book by Jon Ronson concerning the U.S. Army 's exploration of New Age concepts and the potential military applications of the paranormal .
The Codex Atlanticus ( Atlantic Codex ) is a twelve - volume , bound set of drawings and writings ( in italian language ) by Leonardo da Vinci , the largest such set ; its name indicates its atlas - like breadth .
The phrase `` I know that I know nothing '' or `` I know one thing : that I know nothing '' , sometimes called the Socratic paradox , is a well - known saying that is derived from Plato 's account of the Greek philosopher Socrates .
Bottled in Blonde is a collection of Detective fiction stories by author Hugh B. Cave .
`` Think Blue , Count Two '' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith , set in his Instrumentality of Mankind future history .
An Account of Capers is a novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
Carpe Jugulum ( /ˈkɑrpi ˈdʒʌɡjʉləm/ ; Latatian for `` seize the throat '' , cf . Carpe diem ) is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett , the twenty - third in the Discworld series .
Hacking Matter is a 2003 book by Wil McCarthy .
Flowers for Algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by Daniel Keyes .
King Ink is a collection of poetry , lyrics , plays and writings by Australian musician and author Nick Cave .
Cloudsplitter is a 1998 historical novel by Russell Banks relating the story of abolitionist John Brown .
Dracula 's Guest and Other Weird Stories is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker , first published in 1914 , two years after Stoker 's death .
Who Guards a Prince ? is a 1982 novel by Reginald Hill , the author best known for his Dalziel and Pascoe series of crime novels .
Beyond the Gap is a fantasy novel by Harry Turtledove , published in February 2007 .
The Lamentation of a Sinner is a three - part sequence of reflections published by the English queen Catherine Parr , the sixth wife and widow of Henry VIII , as well as the first woman to publish in English under her own name .
The Social Significance of the Modern Drama is a 1914 treatise by Emma Goldman on political implications of significant playwrights in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Punisher Kills the Marvel Universe is a 1995 one - shot comic book written by Garth Ennis and illustrated by Doug Braithwaite with most inking done by Michael L. Halblieb , which depicts a story where Frank Castle kills every superhero and supervillain in the Marvel Universe including himself .
The Borrowers is a children 's fantasy novel by the English author Mary Norton , published by Dent in 1952 .
Left Neglected is a 2011 novel by Lisa Genova .
Full Metal Jacket Diary is a book written by American author , actor and photographer Matthew Modine and published by Rugged Land October 25 , 2005 .
Wilhelm Reich in Hell is a play and book written by author Robert Anton Wilson , and published in 1987 .
Saint Genet , Actor and Martyr ( French : Saint Genet , comédien et martyr ) is a book by the French philosopher Jean - Paul Sartre about the writer Jean Genet especially on his The Thief 's Journal .
The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history science fiction novel written by Michael Moorcock .
Principles of Geology : being an attempt to explain the former changes of the Earth 's surface , by reference to causes now in operation is a book by the Scottish geologist Charles Lyell , first published in 3 volumes in 1830 - -1833 .
`` The Frog and the Mouse '' is one of Aesop 's Fables and exists in several versions .
Ramona Forever is a humorous children 's novel written by Beverly Cleary .
The Prestige is a 1995 novel by British writer Christopher Priest .
Covering Islam is a 1981 book written by Palestinian author Edward Said about how the Western media distorts the image of Islam .
The Italian Girl is a novel by Iris Murdoch , first published in 1964 .
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie is a series of books written by Australian author May Gibbs .
The Spice - Box of Earth is Canadian poet and songwriter Leonard Cohen 's second collection of poetry .
Toward the End of Time is a novel by American writer John Updike , published in 1997 .
The Blade Itself is a crime thriller novel by Marcus Sakey that was released in January 2007 .
Saturn Rukh is a hard science fiction novel written by the United States physicist Robert L. Forward .
The Golden Day ( 2011 ) is a young adult mystery novel by Australian author Ursula Dubosarsky .
Songs in Ordinary Time is the 1995 novel by Mary McGarry Morris , and was chosen as an Oprah 's Book Club selection in June 1997 .
The Light in the Forest is a novel first published in 1953 by U.S. author Conrad Richter .
Prize Ship is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick , first published in 1954 in Thrilling Wonder Stories and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick , Volume One Beyond Lies The Wub and later trade editions of the collected stories .
The White Juga , ( Albanian : Juga e Bardhē ) , is an Albanian novel written by Jakov Xoxa in 1971 .
Web of the City ( originally published as Rumble ) is the first novel written by American author Harlan Ellison .
Schild 's Ladder is a 2002 science fiction novel by Australian author Greg Egan .
The Art of the Start is a popular 2004 business book written by Guy Kawasaki .
The Paladin is a 1988 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh .
The Shape of Snakes ( 2000 ) is a crime novel by English writer Minette Walters .
Living to Tell the Tale ( original Spanish - language title : Vivir para contarla ) is the first volume of the autobiography of Gabriel García Márquez .
Compendium Maleficarum is a witch - hunter 's manual written in Latin by Francesco Maria Guazzo , and published in Milan , Italy in 1608 .
Ghost Stations is a series of books by the British military historian Bruce Barrymore Halpenny , containing ostensibly true ghost and mystery stories generally connected to the RAF , airfields and other military or war connected stories .
`` Captain Stormfield 's Visit to Heaven '' is a short story written by American writer Mark Twain .
SS - GB is an alternate history novel by Len Deighton , set in a United Kingdom conquered and occupied by Germany during the Second World War .
`` Wisdom of Children '' ( also translated as Little Girls Wiser than Men ) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1885 .
Dark Green , Bright Red is a novel by Gore Vidal , concerning a revolution headed by a former military dictator in an unnamed Central American republic .
`` Plato 's Dream '' ( 1756 ) is a short story written in the 18th century by the French philosopher and satirist Voltaire .
The Skeptic 's Dictionary is a collection of cross - referenced skeptical essays by Robert Todd Carroll , published on his website skepdic.com and in a printed book .
Under the Never Sky is a 2012 young adult debut novel by Veronica Rossi and is the first in a trilogy .
A History of Chinese Literature is an English history of Chinese literature written by Herbert Giles , and published in 1901 .
Bad , Bad Bunny Trouble is a 1994 children 's picture book written and illustrated by Hans Wilhelm .
Tunnel in the Sky is a science fiction novel written by Robert A. Heinlein and published in 1955 by Scribner 's as one of the Heinlein juveniles .
The Blue World is a science fiction adventure novel written by Jack Vance .
Five Go to Mystery Moor ( published in 1954 ) is a popular children 's book written by Enid Blyton .
The Tables of the Law ( Das Gesetz ) is a 1944 novella by German writer Thomas Mann .
Mastering the Art of Solution - Focused Counseling is a book by mental health counselor , educator , and author Jeffrey Guterman that describes the theory and practice of solution - focused counseling .
The Lords of the North is the third historical novel in the Saxon Stories by Bernard Cornwell published in 2006 .
Queen of the Falls is a 2011 fiction novel by children 's writer Chris Van Allsburg .
Turning Thirty ( 2000 ) is the third novel from Birmingham born lad -- lit writer Mike Gayle .
The Royal Abbey of Saint - Denis is a book about the history of the Royal Abbey of Saint - Denis by Sumner McKnight Crosby .
The Hothouse ( 1958/1980 ) is a full - length tragicomedy written by Harold Pinter in the winter of 1958 between The Birthday Party ( 1957 ) and The Caretaker ( 1959 ) .
Den mörka sanningen - En berättelse om kärlek och omsorg , svek och mod ( Swedish : The Dark Truth - A Story About Love and Care , Fraud and Gallantry ) is a love- and crime novel by Norwegian - Swedish author Margit Sandemo from 2001 .
True Britt was a best - selling autobiography , published in 1980 , by the actress Britt Ekland .
The Space Machine , subtitled A Scientific Romance , is a science fiction novel written by English writer Christopher Priest .
Humanae vitae ( Latin Of Human Life ) is an encyclical written by Pope Paul VI and issued on 25 July 1968 .
The New Noah is a book written by British naturalist and writer Gerald Durrell .
The Restraint of Beasts is a tragicomic debut novel , written by Magnus Mills .
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian is the first of a three volume set collecting the Conan stories by author Robert E. Howard .
The Princess and the Queen , or , the Blacks and the Greens is a novella by George R. R. Martin , published in the 2013 anthology Dangerous Women .
`` What the Dead Men Say '' is a science fiction novella by Philip K. Dick first published in Worlds of Tomorrow magazine in June 1964 .
The Incorporated Knight is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp , the first book in his sequence of two Neo - Napolitanian novels .
The Bookseller of Kabul is a non - fiction book written by Norwegian journalist Åsne Seierstad , about a bookseller , Shah Muhammad Rais ( whose name was changed to Sultan Khan ) , and his family in Kabul , Afghanistan , published in Norwegian in 2002 and English in 2003 .
On the Fourfold Root of the Principle of Sufficient Reason ( German : Über die vierfache Wurzel des Satzes vom zureichenden Grunde ) is an elaboration on the classical Principle of Sufficient Reason written by German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer as his doctoral dissertation in 1813 .
New and Selected Poems is a collection of poems by Samuel Menashe , first published in 2005 by the Library of America as part of the American Poets project , after the author received the Neglected Masters Award from the Poetry Foundation .
Spook Country is a 2007 novel by speculative fiction author William Gibson .
Notable American Women is a novel written by Ben Marcus and published in March 2002 .
Pictures from Italy is a travelogue by Charles Dickens , written in 1846 .
Sex and the Single Ghost is a paranormal romance novel by Tawny Taylor .
The Hour We Knew Nothing of Each Other ( German : Die Stunde , da wir nichts voneinander wußten ) is a one - act play without words written by Peter Handke .
Ecclesia in Asia is a document issued by Pope John Paul II to serve as a blueprint for the expansion of the Roman Catholic faith in Asia .
Captains Courageous is an 1897 novel , by Rudyard Kipling , that follows the adventures of fifteen - year - old Harvey Cheyne Jr. , the spoiled son of a railroad tycoon , after he is saved from drowning by a Portuguese fisherman in the north Atlantic .
In Mexico is the second photo book by American visual artist Jessica Lange , published by RM in United States , Mexico , Spain and United Kingdom , respectively , in 2010 .
Red Rabbit ( 2002 ) is a New York Times bestselling novel by Tom Clancy .
A Lie of the Mind is a play written by Sam Shepard , first staged at the off - Broadway Promenade Theater on 5 December 1985 .
The Last Letter Home ( Swedish : Sista brevet till Sverige ) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1959 .
`` Last Day of the Last Furlough '' is a short story written by American writer J. D. Salinger in 1944 and published in the July 15th issue of Saturday Evening Post .
Beyond Infinity is a collection of science fiction stories by author Robert Spencer Carr .
Dionysian - Dithyrambs ( German : Dionysos - Dithyramben ) is a collection of nine poems written in the fall of 1888 by Friedrich Nietzsche under the nom de plume of Dionysos .
The Elements of Moral Philosophy , by James Rachels and Stuart Rachels , is a textbook regarding the field of ethics .
Nabokov 's Congeries was a collection of work by Vladimir Nabokov published in 1968 and reprinted in 1971 as The Portable Nabokov .
Vintage Munro is a 2004 book of short stories by Alice Munro published by Vintage Books .
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time ( Toki wo Kakeru Shōjo ( 時をかける少女 , literally `` Time - Soaring Girl '' ) ) is a science fiction novel by Yasutaka Tsutsui .
A Fall of Moondust is a hard science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke , first published in 1961 .
The Mediator is a series which contains six novels written by Meg Cabot .
A Darker Domain is a 2008 psychological thriller novel by Scottish crime writer Val McDermid .
Sonnet 21 is one of 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare and is part of the `` fair youth '' sequence .
The Certificate is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer , published in English in 1992 ( published in Yiddish in 1967 ) .
A Box of Rain is a 1990 book by Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter , compiling his complete songbook , in and out of the Dead , from 1965 until 1990 .
Brooklyn Station , Terminus Cosmos is volume ten in the French comic book ( or bande dessinée ) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean - Claude Mézières .
A Gate at the Stairs is a novel by American fiction writer Lorrie Moore .
The Crystal Prison is the second novel in the Deptford Mice Trilogy by Robin Jarvis ( first published in 1989 ) .
Dickens ' Women is a one person show written by Miriam Margolyes and Sonia Fraser and starring Margolyes .
Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street is an English children 's book by Eve Garnett which was first published by Heinemann in 1956 .
Lud - in - the - Mist ( 1926 ) is the third of three novels by Hope Mirrlees .
The Information Officer is the third novel by English author Mark Mills , published in 2009 by HarperCollins .
`` Treasure Under Glass '' is a 1997 Uncle Scrooge comic story by Don Rosa .
City of Torment is the second novel in the Abolethic Sovereignty series written by Bruce Cordell and published in September 2009 .
A House and Its Head is a 1935 novel by Ivy Compton - Burnett .
A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress was one of Alexander Hamilton 's first published works , published in December 1774 , while Hamilton was a 17-year - old student at King 's College in New York City .
The Black Curtain is a mystery novel written by Cornell Woolrich .
The Lost Princess of Oz is the eleventh canonical Oz book written by L. Frank Baum .
The Viking Trilogy is a trilogy of juvenile historical novels by Henry Treece .
An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon together With somewhat Concerning Severall Remarkable passages of my life that hath hapned since my Deliverance out of Captivity is a book written by the English trader and sailor Robert Knox in 1681 .
The History of the Standard Oil Company is a book by journalist Ida Tarbell in 1904 .
Short Letter , Long Farewell ( German : Der kurze Brief zum langen Abschied ) is a 1972 novel by the Austrian writer Peter Handke .
`` ' Oh , Whistle , and I 'll Come to You , My Lad ' '' is the sixth story in the first collection of ghost stories published by M. R. James , Ghost Stories of an Antiquary .
A Terrible Revenge , subtitled The Ethnic Cleansing of the East European Germans , 1944 - -1950 is a book written by Cuban - born American lawyer Alfred - Maurice de Zayas , former research fellow at MPG in Heidelberg , Germany .
Tarzan the Untamed is a book written by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the seventh in his series of books about the title character Tarzan .
`` The Ice Palace '' is a modernist short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and published in The Saturday Evening Post , 22 May 1920 .
The Lamplighter is a sentimental novel written by Maria Susanna Cummins and published in 1854 , and a best - selling novel of its era .
The Via Veneto Papers is a memoir collection by Ennio Flaiano , originally published in Italian in 1973 , with a new expanded edition by Rizzoli in 1989 and translated into English by John Satriano in 1992 .
Maiwa 's Revenge , or The War of the Little Hand is a short novel by H. Rider Haggard about the hunter Allan Quartermain .
Ronia the Robber 's Daughter ( Swedish : Ronja Rövardotter ) is a children 's fantasy book by the noted Swedish author Astrid Lindgren , first published in 1981 .
Real Men Do n't Eat Quiche , by American Bruce Feirstein , is a bestselling tongue - in - cheek book satirizing stereotypes of masculinity , published in 1982 ( ISBN 0 - 671 - 44831 - 5 ) .
Yerma ( English : Barren ) is a play by the Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca .
Aspects of the Novel is a book compiled from a series of lectures delivered by E. M. Forster at Trinity College , Cambridge in 1927 , in which he discussed the English language novel .
Vietnam Inc. is a photographic book produced by Philip Jones Griffiths and published in 1971 by Collier Books in New York , in both hard and soft back .
What Is History ? is a study of historiography that was written by the English historian E. H. Carr .
A Confusion of Princes is a young adult novel written as a standalone space opera by author Garth Nix .
The Marvellous Land of Snergs is a children 's fantasy , written by Edward Wyke Smith and published in 1927 .
Enemies and Allies was published in October 2001 , and was designed by Bruce R. Cordell , Jeff Grubb , David Noonan , and Skip Williams .
The Time Hoppers is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert Silverberg , first published by Doubleday in 1967 .
The Imam 's Army ( Turkish : İmamın Ordusu ) is a book by Turkish journalist Ahmet Şık on the life and work of Fethullah Gülen and his Gülen movement .
Between the Spark and the Burn is a young adult Gothic / horror novel written by April Genevieve Tucholke and published on August 14 , 2014 by Dial Books for Young Readers , an imprint of Penguin Books .
The Muses Are Heard is an early journalistic work of Truman Capote .
The Chess Master , or 棋王 ( qíwáng ) , is a 1984 novel by Chinese writer Zhong Acheng , writing under his pseudonym A Cheng .
The Ambler Warning is a Robert Ludlum spy thriller set in part on Parrish Island , a restricted island off the coast of Virginia .
What 's Bred in the Bone is the second novel in the Canadian writer Robertson Davies ' Cornish Trilogy .
Kellory the Warlock is a fix - up fantasy novel written by Lin Carter , the third book of the Chronicles of Kylix series .
Tailchaser 's Song is a fantasy novel by Tad Williams about a personified cat named Fritti Tailchaser .
Fine Things is a romance novel by Danielle Steel .
Transparent Stained - Glass Windows ( Prozrachnye Vitrazhi , Прозрачные Витражи ( Russian ) ) is the third novel in the Labyrinth trilogy of cyberpunk novels written by Russian science fiction writer Sergey Lukyanenko .
The Ivory Tower is an unfinished novel by Henry James , posthumously published in 1917 .
The Extremes is a 1998 science fiction novel by the English writer Christopher Priest .
`` The Garden of Forking Paths '' ( original Spanish title : `` El jardín de senderos que se bifurcan '' ) is a 1941 short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges .
Judge and Jury is a popular novel written by thriller novel writer James Patterson with Andrew Gross .
The Heart of a Woman ( 1981 ) is an autobiography by American writer Maya Angelou .
Original Rude Boy ( 2009 ) is the autobiography of Neville Staple , vocalist in ska band The Specials .
Red Rising is a 2014 science fiction novel by American author Pierce Brown , the first of his forthcoming Red Rising trilogy .
Clochemerle is a 1934 French satirical novel by Gabriel Chevallier .
One Day in My Life is an autobiographical novel written by Bobby Sands while serving a fourteen - year sentence at Long Kesh , for possession of a gun as a member of the Irish Republican Army .
Flow Chart is a long poem by the American writer John Ashbery , published in its own volume in 1991 .
The Bovo - Bukh ( `` Bovo book '' ; also known as Baba Buch , etc . ; Yiddish : בָּבָא - בּוּך , בּוֹבוֹ-בּוּך ) , written in 1507 - -1508 by Elia Levita , was the most popular chivalric romance in the Yiddish language .
The Land I Lost is an autobiographical book that centers on the life of the author , Quang Nhuong Huynh .
Among the Hidden is a 1998 young adult novel by Margaret Peterson Haddix concerning a fictional future in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation .
`` Aye , and Gomorrah ... '' is a famous science fiction short story by Samuel R. Delany .
Burning Daylight is a novel by Jack London , published in 1910 , which was one of the best - selling books of that year and it was London 's best - selling book in his lifetime .
De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars ( Dutch : ( də ˈpœynoːpən vAn Aɣt jaːr ˈpaːrs ) , English : The Wreckage of Eight Purple Years ) is a political non - fiction book released by the Dutch political commentator and aspiring lawmaker Pim Fortuyn in 2002 ; two months prior to his assassination .
Les Royaumes de Borée ( `` the realms of Boreas '' ) is a 2003 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail .
The Fatal Strand is the third and final novel in the Tales from the Wyrd Museum series by Robin Jarvis .
Rat Catching ( ISBN 0962299707 ) is a book by actor and filmmaker Crispin Glover .
Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776 .
Anna Lombard is a New Woman novel by Annie Sophie Cory writing as Victoria Cross .
Rumpole and the Penge Bungalow Murders is a 2004 novel by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole .
Arsena of Marabda ( Georgian : არსენა მარაბდელი ; Arsena Marabdeli ) is a novel by Georgian novelist Mikheil Javakhishvili .
A Floating City ( French : Une ville flottante ) is an adventure novel by French writer Jules Verne first published in 1871 .
The Old Patagonian Express ( 1979 ) is a written account of a journey taken by novelist Paul Theroux .
Roger Fishbite is a novel by the American writer and journalist Emily Prager , which was published in 1999 .
The Egyptian ( Sinuhe egyptiläinen , Sinuhe the Egyptian ) is a historical novel by Mika Waltari .
The Pickup is a 2001 novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer .
The Book of Mercy is the debut novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor .
The Novísimos - translated as the `` Newest Ones '' - were a poetic group in Spain who took their name from an anthology in which the Catalan critic Josep Maria Castellet gathered the work of the majority of the youngest and most experimental poets in the decade of the 1970s :
Your Turn to Curtsy , My Turn to Bow is a 1958 novel from William Goldman .
The Glass Palace is a 2000 historical novel by Indian writer Amitav Ghosh .
The Romance of the Forest is a Gothic novel by Ann Radcliffe that was first published in 1791 .
The Grapes of Wrath is an American realist novel written by John Steinbeck and published in 1939 .
A Wind in the Door is a young adult science fantasy novel by Madeleine L'Engle .
Play Strindberg is a comedy play by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt , written in 1968 and published in 1969 .
The Steel Remains ( 2008 ) is a fantasy novel by Richard K. Morgan .
Ghostopolis is a graphic novel , written and penciled by Doug TenNapel , colored by Ethan Nicolle and published by GRAPHIX , a Scholastic Inc. imprint .
Growth Fetish is a book about economics and politics by the Australian liberal political theorist Clive Hamilton .
Lloyd Llewellyn ( sometimes abbreviated LLLL ) is a comic book by Daniel Clowes .
Anna , I , Anna ( Danish : Anna , jeg , Anna ) is a 1970 novel by Danish author Klaus Rifbjerg .
Big Mouth & Ugly Girl is Joyce Carol Oates 's first young adult novel .
The Etched City is the first novel ( and the only one published to date ) of the Australian science - fiction writer K. J. Bishop .
The Meme Machine ( 2000 ) is a popular science book by psychologist Susan Blackmore on the subject of memes .
Break of Day ( French : La Naissance du jour ) is a 1928 novel by the French writer Colette .
Chicka , Chicka , 1 , 2 , 3 is a New York Times best - selling children 's book written by Bill Martin , Jr. and Michael Sampson .
The Mortal Instruments is a series of six young adult fantasy novels written by Cassandra Clare , the last of which was published May 27 , 2014 .
Whispers of Betrayal is a 2000 novel by Michael Dobbs that tells the third story in the Tom Goodfellowe series .
The City Madam is a Caroline era comedy written by Philip Massinger .
McAuslan in the Rough is the second collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser featuring a young Scottish officer named Dand MacNeill .
Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque is a collection of previously published short stories by Edgar Allan Poe , first published in 1840 .
The Melian Dialogue is a dramatic set - piece debate inserted by the ancient Greek historian Thucydides in his History of the Peloponnesian War concerning the invasion of the island of Melos by Athens in 416 BC . It dramatizes the negotiations between the emissaries of the Athenian invaders and the rulers of Melos .
Se spominjaš Afrike ? ( Do You Remember Africa ? ) is a novel by Slovenian author Zdenka Žebre .
Making Globalization Work is a book written by Nobel Prize laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz , who also wrote Globalization and Its Discontents and several other books .
Stray Toasters is a four - issue comic book mini - series created , written and illustrated by Bill Sienkiewicz and published by Marvel Comics 's imprint Epic Comics in 1988 .
Peer Gynt ( /ˈpɪər ˈɡɪnt/ ; Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈpæːr ˈjʏnt ) ) is a five - act play in verse by the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen .
Green Henry ( German : Der grüne Heinrich ) is a partially autobiographical novel by the Swiss author Gottfried Keller , first published in 1855 , and extensively revised in 1879 .
The Type One Super Robot is a 1986 children 's book written and illustrated by Alison Prince .
The Golden Branch is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy .
The Bernese Chronicle was composed in 1430 by Conrad Justinger from Bern .
Arrival and Departure ( 1943 ) is the third novel of Arthur Koestler 's trilogy concerning the conflict between morality and expediency ( as described in the postscript to the novel 's 1966 Danube Edition ) .
The Culture of Collaboration is a business book by Evan Rosen .
What the Night Knows is a 2010 novel by bestselling author Dean Koontz .
What Bumosaur Is That ? is a children 's book written by Andy Griffiths in 2007 as a companion to Bumageddon , describing many of the fictional prehistoric species mentioned in Bumageddon :
The Eagle 's Prey is the fifth book in the Eagle Series , by Simon Scarrow .
Les Mains d'Orlac ( English : The Hands of Orlac ) is a fantasy novel by the French writer Maurice Renard , first published in 1920 .
Written by Barbara Emberley , it tells a cumulative tale of seven soldiers who build a cannon named the `` Sultan '' , and Drummer Hoff , who fires it off , with the book exploding into a blast of colors .
Princess Maleine ( French : La Princesse Maleine ) is a play by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck .
Wittgenstein 's Mistress by David Markson is a highly stylized , experimental novel in the tradition of Samuel Beckett .
The Taking of Lungtungpen is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which was first published in the Civil and Military Gazette on 11 April 1887 .
The Ratzinger Report ( Italian : Rapporto Sulla Fede ) is a 1985 book consisting of a series of interviews collected over several days given by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger to the Italian journalist Vittorio Messori .
Alyzon Whitestarr is a 2005 young - adult novel by Isobelle Carmody .
Guardians of the Lost Library is a comic book story made by Don Rosa for The Walt Disney Company , mentioned by Comics Buyer 's Guide as `` possibly the greatest comic book story of all time '' .
The Home ; or , Family Cares and Family Joys ( Swedish : Hemmet , eller familjesorger och fröjder ) is a 1839 Swedish novel written by Fredrika Bremer .
The Posterior Analytics ( Greek : Ἀναλυτικὰ Ὕστερα ; Latin : Analytica Posteriora ) is a text from Aristotle 's Organon that deals with demonstration , definition , and scientific knowledge .
The Diamond of Drury Lane is a children 's historical novel by Julia Golding which won the Nestle Children 's Book Prize Gold Award in 2006 .
The Mind and Society ( 1916 ) is the English title of the seminal Italian sociological work Trattato di Sociologia Generale by sociologist and economist Vilfredo Pareto ( 1848 - 1923 ) .
Character Analysis ( German : Charakteranalyse ) is a 1933 book by Wilhelm Reich .
Gaming Instinct ( German : Spieltrieb ) is a 2004 novel by the German writer Juli Zeh .
God and the State is the best - known literary work of the Russian anarchist Mikhail Bakunin .
Veiled Alliance was designed by Allen Varney , and Doug Stewart was the editor .
The Carpathian Castle ( French : Le Château des Carpathes ) is a novel by Jules Verne first published in 1893 .
Angry River is a 1972 children 's novel by Indian author Ruskin Bond , illustrated by Trevor Stubley .
Winterreise ( Winter Journey ) is a song cycle for voice and piano by Franz Schubert ( D. 911 , published as Op . 89 in 1828 ) , a setting of 24 poems by Wilhelm Müller .
Casanova 's Chinese Restaurant is a novel by Anthony Powell ( ISBN 0 - 09 - 947244 - 9 ) .
Report from Practically Nowhere is a 1959 humorous travelogue by American journalist John Sack , illustrated by Shel Silverstein .
Quantum Reality is a 1985 popular science book by physicist Nick Herbert , a member the Fundamental Fysiks Group .
Any God Will Do , first published by Random House in 1966 , is the sixth book by the American satirist and political novelist Richard Condon .
`` Heart Half Empty '' is a song written by Gary Burr and Desmond Child , and recorded by American country music artists Ty Herndon and Stephanie Bentley as a duet .
Le Retour was a 1964 novel by Michel Droit , published by Éditions Julliard and winning the Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française for 1964 .
Mexican WhiteBoy is a 2008 novel by Matt de la Peña .
The Lottery Rose is a 1976 young adult novel by Newbery - winning author Irene Hunt .
Pseudodoxia Epidemica or Enquiries into very many received tenets and commonly presumed truths , also known simply as Pseudodoxia Epidemica or Vulgar Errors , is a work by Thomas Browne challenging and refuting the ' vulgar ' or common errors and superstitions of his age .
Zeus and the Tortoise appears among Aesop 's Fables and explains how the tortoise got her shell .
Ensel and Krete is the second novel of the Zamonia series written and illustrated by German author Walter Moers .
Den Danske Vitruvius I - II ( English : The Danish Vitruvius I - II ) is a richly illustrated 18th - century architectural work on Danish monumental buildings of the period , written by the Danish Baroque architect Lauritz de Thurah .
En la ardiente oscuridad ( In the Burning Darkness ) is a play by Antonio Buero Vallejo , written in 1947 , which made its debut in The Teatro María Guerrero in Madrid on 1 December 1950 .
El estrangulador ( English , The Strangler ) is a 1994 novel by Manuel Vázquez Montalbán .
Donkeys ' Years is a play by English playwright Michael Frayn that premiered at the Globe Theatre , London , in 1976 .
An American Plague is a 2003 non - fiction adolescent history by author Jim Murphy published by Clarion Books .
Flags in the Dust is a novel by the American author William Faulkner , completed in 1927 .
Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick was the third novel from English novelist Jackie Collins , published in 1971 by W.H. Allen , it was retitled The Hollywood Zoo in 1975 and then as Sinners in 1984 .
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks is a novel by Jack Kerouac and William S. Burroughs .
The Wife of Bath 's Tale ( Middle English : the Tale of the Wyf of Bathe ) is among the best - known of Geoffrey Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales .
Night of January 16th is a theatrical play , inspired by the death of the `` Match King '' , Ivar Kreuger , written by Ayn Rand .
Sounds Like London : 100 Years of Black Music in the Capital is a 2013 book by British music journalist and author Lloyd Bradley .
Toby Alone , originally published as La Vie suspendue , or A Life Suspended , is a children 's novel by French author Timothée de Fombelle .
For the Megalopolitans ( Ancient Greek : Ὑπὲρ τῶν Μεγαλοπολιτῶν ) was one of the first political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes .
The Disowned Self is a book written by Nathaniel Branden in 1971 and published in 1972 .
The French Suicide ( Le Suicide français ) is a 2014 French nonfiction book by Éric Zemmour .
Not a Penny More , Not a Penny Less was Jeffrey Archer 's first novel , first published in 1976 .
The Infatuations ( Spanish : Los enamoramientos ) is a National Novel Prize - winning novel by Javier Marías .
Strange Interlude is an experimental play by American playwright Eugene O'Neill .
The Other Log of Phileas Fogg is a science fiction / steampunk parallel history novel written by American author Philip José Farmer in 1973 .
La Peau de chagrin ( French pronunciation : ​(la po də ʃaɡʁɛ̃ ) , The Magic Skin or The Wild Ass 's Skin ) is an 1831 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac ( 1799 - -1850 ) .
Mein Kampf ( pronounced ( maɪ̯n kampf ) , `` My Struggle '' ) is an autobiography by the National Socialist leader Adolf Hitler , in which he outlines his political ideology and future plans for Germany .
Alcine ( English : Alcina ) is an opera by the French composer André Campra .
The Concerns of a Citizen is a book written by the Governor of Michigan , George W. Romney , and published during his campaign for the Republican presidential nomination in January 1968 .
The Golden Oecumene is a science fiction trilogy by the American writer John C. Wright .
The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1978 novel by Christopher Koch in which a male Australian journalist , a female British diplomat , and a Chinese - Australian male dwarf interact in Indonesia in the summer and autumn of 1965 .
The Witching is a comic book series written by Jonathan Vankin and Leigh Gallagher , with Tara McPherson creating the cover art . This comic was published in the United States by the DC Comics imprint Vertigo .
The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions is a collection of stories revised or ghostwritten by American author H. P. Lovecraft .
The Focus of Life , The Mutterings of AOS is a comprehensive treatise written and illustrated by Austin Osman Spare on key occult concepts he introduced in his previous writings .
Hector and the Search for Happiness ( French : Le Voyage d'Hector ou la Recherche du bonheur ) is a novel by French writer François Lelord written in 2002 and translated into English in 2010 .
Country of My Skull is a 1998 nonfiction book by Antjie Krog primarily about the findings of the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission ( TRC ) .
Girl , Interrupted is a best - selling 1993 memoir by American author Susanna Kaysen , relating her experiences as a young woman in a psychiatric hospital in the 1960s after being diagnosed with borderline personality disorder .
Warm Bodies is a novel by author Isaac Marion .
Dream Park is a 1981 novel written by Larry Niven and Steven Barnes set in a futuristic amusement park of the same name .
Battle Circle is a trilogy of science fiction novels by Piers Anthony .
`` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' is an 1865 short story by Mark Twain .
Ruhnama ( The Book of the Soul ) is a book written by Saparmurat Niyazov , who was President of Turkmenistan from 1990 to 2006 , combining spiritual / moral guidance , autobiography and revisionist history ; much of it is of dubious or disputed factuality and accuracy .
The Cat and the King ( 1981 ) is a work of historical fiction about the court of French King Louis XIV ( 1638 - -1715 ) by novelist Louis Auchincloss .
Traité de l'harmonie réduite à ses principes naturels ( Treatise on Harmony reduced to its natural principles ) is a music treatise written by Jean - Philippe Rameau .
Gilligan 's Last Elephant is a novel written by Gerald Hanley and first published in 1962 by Collins .
The Goon is a comic book series written and drawn by Eric Powell ( with colors often by Dave Stewart , Eric or Eric 's brother , Robin ) .
Although Saplings ( 1945 ) is generally regarded as one of Noel Streatfeild 's novels for adults , published under her pseudonym Susan Scarlett , it is at least partially told from the perspective of four children - Laurel , Tony , Tuesday , and Kim , as well as from the perspective of their mother , Lena .
Underground to Palestine is a 1946 book by I. F. Stone .
Calculating God is a 2000 science fiction novel by Robert J. Sawyer .
Dragon Magic was written by Owen K.C. Stephens and Rodney Thompson , and was published in September 2006 .
The Lele of the Kasai ( first published 1963 ) was the first book by the influential British anthropologist Mary Douglas under her married name ( her Peoples of the Lake Nyasa Region appeared under her maiden name , Tew , in 1950 ) .
The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno .
Shadow Falls is a series of fantasy - themed novels written by author C.C. Hunter .
The Practice of Everyday Life is a book by Michel de Certeau which examines the ways in which people individualise mass culture , altering things , from utilitarian objects to street plans to rituals , laws and language , in order to make them their own .
The Tokyo Zodiac Murders is the debut mystery novel of Soji Shimada , the musician and writer on astrology who is best known as an author of over 100 mystery novels .
The Bunce is a novel written by Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom in 1980 by Michael Joseph .
Anarchist Manifesto ( or The World 's First Anarchist Manifesto ) is a work by Anselme Bellegarrigue , notable for being the first manifesto of anarchism .
Expecting Someone Taller is the first humorous fantasy novel by popular British author Tom Holt .
Fish in the Dark is a play by Larry David that focuses on fifteen characters as they deal with a death in the family .
Kate Plus Ten is a 1917 British crime novel written by Edgar Wallace .
Sheikh 's Castaway is the eighth book in Alexandra Sellers 's Sons of the Desert series , and was released in 2004 .
Sabrina Fair ( subtitled `` A Woman of the World '' ) is a romantic comedy written by Samuel A. Taylor and produced by the Playwrights ' Company .
Her Mother 's Hope is a fictional romance novel written by Francine Rivers in 2010 .
This Is n't What It Looks Like is a book by anonymous author Pseudonymous Bosch .
Only You Can Save Mankind ( 1992 ) is the first novel in the Johnny Maxwell trilogy of children 's books and fifth young adult novel by Terry Pratchett , author of the Discworld sequence of books .
Masks of the Illuminati is a 1981 novel by Robert Anton Wilson , co - author of The Illuminatus !
Apocalypse Nerd is a six - issue comic book limited series created by Peter Bagge and published by Dark Horse Comics .
The 1632 series , also known as the 1632-verse or Ring of Fire series , is an alternate history book series and sub - series created , primarily co - written , and coordinated by Eric Flint and published by Baen Books .
Thief of Time is the 26th Discworld novel written by Terry Pratchett , a 2002 Locus Award nominee .
`` The Day After the Day the Martians Came '' is a short story by Frederik Pohl from Harlan Ellison 's Dangerous Visions , which shows how humans can ( and will ) laugh at ( and hate ) any minority group .
The Fate of the Children will be the final trilogy in Ian Irvine 's The Three Worlds Cycle series of novels .
Moxyland is a cyberpunk dystopian novel written by South African author , Lauren Beukes .
The Well at the World 's End is a fantasy novel by the British artist , poet , and author William Morris .
The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg is a children 's historical novel by Rodman Philbrick , author of Freak the Mighty .
The Birchbark House is a 1999 indigenous juvenile realistic fiction novel by Louise Erdrich , and is the first book in a four book series known as The Birchbark series .
This Sweet Sickness ( 1960 ) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith , about a man who is obsessed with a woman who has rejected his advances .
A Sensible Life ( 1990 ) is a novel written by British author Mary Wesley .
Seven Gothic Tales ( translated by the author into Danish as : Syv Fantastiske Fortællinger ) is a collection of short stories by the Danish author Karen Blixen ( under the pen name Isak Dinesen ) , first published in 1934 , three years before her popular memoir Out of Africa .
Bird 's Shadow is a collection of short stories by a Nobel Prize - winning Russian author Ivan Bunin , based on memories and impressions of the vast tour over the Middle East he and wife Vera Muromtseva undertook in the 1900s .
The Power Elite is a 1956 book by sociologist C. Wright Mills .
Uncle Dynamite is a novel by P.G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom on 22 October 1948 by Herbert Jenkins , London and in the United States on 29 November 1948 by Didier & Co. , New York .
A portion of the Narn i Chîn Húrin or The Tale of the Children of Húrin is a part of the book Unfinished Tales by the English author J. R. R. Tolkien .
De Bello Africo ( also Bellum Africum ; On the African War ) is a Latin work continuing Julius Caesar 's commentaries , De Bello Gallico and De Bello Civili , and its sequel by an unknown author De Bello Alexandrino .
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse ( 2006 ) is a mystery novel by Lee Goldberg , based on the popular TV series Monk .
The Life of John Sterling was a biography of the Scottish author John Sterling ( 1806 - 1844 ) , written by his friend , the Scottish essayist and historian , Thomas Carlyle .
Pornografia is a 1960 novel by the Polish writer Witold Gombrowicz .
`` Micromégas '' is a 1752 short story by the French philosopher and satirist Voltaire .
A Handful of Friends is a 1976 play by David Williamson .
Trouble on Tarragon Island is a children 's novel by Nikki Tate , the third novel in the Tarragon Island series .
Dragon Wing ( 1990 ) is the first novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman in their Death Gate Cycle series .
The Deluge Drivers ( 1987 ) is a science fiction novel written by American author Alan Dean Foster .
New Writings in SF 23 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Kenneth Bulmer , the second volume of nine he oversaw in the New Writings in SF series in succession to the series ' originator , John Carnell .
The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer .
The Land of Bad Fantasy is a children 's fantasy novel written by K. J. Taylor which parodies the fantasy genre in general .
Genius Wars is the third book of Australian author Catherine Jinks ' Evil Genius series , after Evil Genius and Genius Squad .
The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi ( De zwarte met het witte hart ) is the 1997 debut novel by Dutch author Arthur Japin .
Tokio ya no nos quiere ( English : Tokyo Does n't Love Us Anymore ) is a novel published in 1999 by Spanish author Ray Loriga .
My Life with Dalí is the title of an autobiography by a French singer Amanda Lear , first released in 1984 , telling about her relationship with a Spanish surrealist painter Salvador Dalí .
Sugar Blues is a book by William Dufty that was released in 1975 and has become a dietary classic .
Kill Your Boyfriend is the title of a comic book one - shot written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Philip Bond and D'Israeli for DC Comics Vertigo imprint in June 1995 .
' The Last of the Nuba ' is the English - language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl 's 1973 ' Die Nuba ' , an illustrations book published a year later in the United States .
De Providentia ( `` On Providence '' ) is a short essay in the form of a dialogue in six brief sections , written by the Latin philosopher Lucius Annaeus Seneca , `` Seneca the Younger '' ( died AD 65 ) in the last years of his life .
`` Track 12 '' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard , it first appeared in the April 1958 edition of New Worlds ( Volume 24 , Number 70 ) .
Henry Rodenburg ( c. 1851 - -13 December 1899 ) was a United States Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor .
The Rainbow Jacket is a 1954 British Ealing Studios drama film , produced by Michael Relph , directed by Basil Dearden , and featuring Robert Morley , Kay Walsh , Bill Owen , Honor Blackman and Sid James .
He was survived by his wife , daughter Dorothy Walker Bush , grandchildren including George H.W. Bush , Ambassador to Hungary and Stifel Nicolas CEO George Herbert Walker III , William H. T. ( Bucky ) Bush , Nancy Ellis Bush , Ray Walker , Betty Walker Holden , and many great - grandchildren .
Max Nordau was the father of painter Maxa Nordau ( 1897 - -1991 ) .
By his wife , Bridget Cromwell , Ireton left one son , Henry Ireton ( c.1652 - -1711 ) , and four daughters , one of whom , Bridget Bendish ( she married Thomas Bendish in 1670 ) is said to have compromised herself in the Rye House Plot of 1683 , as did Henry .
John Shakespeare ( c. 1531 -- 7 September 1601 ) was the father of William Shakespeare .
Eva Renzi ( 3 November 1944 -- 16 August 2005 ) was a German actress and the mother of Anouschka Renzi .
Katharina Elisabeth Goethe , known as `` Frau Rat '' ( 19 February 1731 - 13 September 1808 ) was the mother of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Maha Thiri Thudhamma Khin Kyi ( 1912 - 1988 ) ( Burmese : ခင်ကြည် ) was a Burmese politician and diplomat , best known for her marriage to the country 's leader , Aung San , with whom she had a daughter , Aung San Suu Kyi .
After the death of Dhirubhai Ambani , the group was split into Reliance Industries Limited , headed by Mukesh Ambani , and Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group ( Reliance ADA Group ) , headed by Anil Ambani .
Ian Balding retired in 2002 and gave his Park House stables licence at Kingsclere , Berkshire , to his son Andrew . Balding was trainer of the winning horse , Mill Reef ( 1968 - -1986 ) , ridden by Geoff Lewis , in the 1971 The Derby Stakes or Epsom Derby .
Lomond My Charmer 's mating to Northern Dancer produced Lomond in 1980 , the 1983 winner of the British Classic , the 2,000 Guineas .
Odd Iversen is the father of Steffen Iversen .
She was married to Chlothar II . Her origins are uncertain and unconfirmed ; however , it is known that the Mayor of the Palace Erchinoald was King Dagobert I 's cousin through his mother , making Bertrude the sister of Saint Gerberge and , therefore , a daughter of Richomer and Saint Gertrude of Hamage .
Laufey or Nál is a figure from Norse mythology , the mother of Loki and consort of Fárbauti .
Eustathius and Sosipatra had three sons , one of whom , Antoninus , became a significant philosopher and theurgist in his own right .
Mary Shakespeare , née Arden , ( c. 1537 - -1608 ) was the mother of William Shakespeare .
Theodemir was king of the Ostrogoths of the Amal Dynasty , and father of Theoderic the Great .
When it was time for him to choose an heir , the Yongle Emperor wanted to choose his second son , Zhu Gaoxu .
On August 21 , 1999 , Bai Yun gave birth to her first cub , Hua Mei , who is also the first giant panda born in the United States to survive to adulthood .
In the Book of Exodus , Amram ( /ˈæmræm/ ; Hebrew : עַמְרָם , Modern Amram , Tiberian ʻAmrām ; `` Friend of the most high '' / `` The people are exalted '' ) is the husband of Jochebed and father of Aaron , Moses and Miriam .
Alluwamna was a son - in - law of Telipinu , because he married Princess Harapšeki , and Telipinu was her father .
Princess Muna al - Hussein ( born Antoinette Avril Gardiner ; 25 April 1941 ) is the mother of King Abdullah II of Jordan .
Louis Witten ( born April 13 , 1921 ) is an American theoretical physicist and the father of Edward Witten .
Amoz ( Hebrew : אָמוֹץ , Modern Amots , Tiberian ʼĀmôṣ ; `` strong '' ; /ˈeɪmɒz/ ) was the father of the prophet Isaiah , mentioned in Isaiah 1:1 and 2:1 , and in II Kings 19:2 , 20 ; 20:1 .
The Qianlong Emperor adopted a niece , Heshuo Princess Hewan ( 和碩和婉公主 ; 24 July 1734 -- 2 May 1760 ) .
Perictione ( Greek : Περικτιόνη , Periktione ; fl . 5th century BC ) was the mother of the Greek philosopher Plato .
At the same time , Miran Shah supported another son , Khalil Sultan , in his claims to the throne .
Jack Eagle 's son is sportscaster Ian Eagle .
Jessie Harlan Lincoln ( November 6 , 1875 -- January 4 , 1948 ) was the second daughter of Robert Todd Lincoln , the granddaughter of Abraham Lincoln , and the mother of Mary Lincoln Beckwith and Robert Todd Lincoln Beckwith , the last undisputed Lincoln descendant .
Bold Ruler was the sire of two good sons with the same name , one in America , Bold Lad , who was the 1966 American Champion Two - Year - Old Colt and one in England , Bold Lad II , who was bred and raced by Gladys Phipps ' sister , Beatrice .
Lieutenant Leonard Monteagle Barlow MC & Two Bars ( 5 June 1898 -- 5 February 1918 ) was a British World War I flying ace .
HD 151566 is double star in the southern constellation of Ara .
NGC 4490 , also known as the Cocoon Galaxy , is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici .
HD 126614 Ab , or simply HD 126614 b , ( also known as HIP 70623 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the primary K - type star HD 126614 A , located approximately 240 light years away in the constellation Virgo .
20 Leonis Minoris is a binary star system in the constellation Leo Minor .
Theta Coronae Australis ( θ CrA ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis .
HIP 70849 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type main sequence star HIP 70849 , located approximately 78 light years away in the constellation Lupus .
HD 116243 , also known by the Bayer designation m Centauri ( m Cen ) , is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
HD 149382 is a star in the constellation of Ophiuchus with an apparent visual magnitude of 8.943 .
39 Cancri ( 39 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
17 Monocerotis ( 17 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Monoceros .
NGC 4309 is a lenticular galaxy that is located in the constellation Virgo .
Lynds 1616 is located in the constellation Orion , at RA 05h 06 m 54.0s and Dec : −03 ° 21 ' 00 `` ( Epoch 2000 ) .
HD 90156 is a 7th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 73 light years away in the constellation Hydra .
HD 6718 b ( also known as HIP 5301 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 6718 , located approximately 179 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
GSC 02652 - 01324 is an orange dwarf main sequence star approximately 512 light - years away in the constellation of Lyra ( the Lyre ) .
32 Pegasi ( 32 Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
Psi Cygni is a star in the constellation called Cygnus .
NGC 7243 , also Caldwell 16 , is an open cluster and Caldwell object in the constellation Lacerta .
Iota Aquarii ( ι Aqr , ι Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 125 ( also known as PGC 1772 ) is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Pisces .
The protecting Mother Camels ( Arabic al'awa'id العوائذ ) is the name given by ancient Arabic nomadic tribes to an asterism in the constellation of Draco .
HD 78004 ( c Vel , c Velorum ) is a star in the constellation Vela .
Delta Scuti ( δ Sct , δ Scuti ) is a giant star in the southern constellation Scutum .
Messier 71 ( also known as M71 or NGC 6838 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagitta .
Theta Piscium ( Theta Psc , θ Piscium , θ Psc ) is a star approximately 159 light years away from Earth in the constellation Pisces .
Omega Lupi ( ω Lup ) is a star in the constellation Lupus .
Gliese 521 is a red dwarf star in the constellation of Canes Venatici , located roughly 43 light years from the Sun . The star is suspected to host a substellar companion yet unconfirmed .
ESO 510-G13 is a spiral galaxy approximately 150 million light - years away in the constellation Hydra .
88 Aquarii ( abbreviated 88 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 47186 is a star located approximately 129 light - years away in the constellation of Canis Major .
9 Pegasi ( 9 Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
HD 32518 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type giant star HD 32518 , located approximately 383 light years away in the constellation Camelopardalis .
NGC 1032 is a spiral galaxy that is about 117 million light - years away in the constellation Cetus .
WZ Cephei is an eclipsing binary star of W Ursae Majoris - type in the constellation of Cepheus , located 880 light years away from the Sun . The stars orbit around a common orbital barycenter every 0.41744 days ( slightly over 10 hours ) .
Gliese 674 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 15 light years away in the constellation of Ara .
XO-2Nb ( or rarely XO-2Bb ) is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star XO-2N , the fainter component of XO-2 wide binary star in the constellation Lynx .
11 Leonis Minoris ( 11 LMi ) is a star system located 37 light years away from Earth , in the northern constellation of Leo Minor .
HD 91324 is a binary F9V star in the constellation Vela .
PSR B0329 + 54 is a pulsar approximately 3,460 light - years away in the constellation of Camelopardalis .
NGC 6822 ( also known as Barnard 's Galaxy , IC 4895 , or Caldwell 57 ) is a barred irregular galaxy approximately 1.6 million light - years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
Omega Herculis ( ω Her , ω Herculis ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
HD 40307 is an orange ( K - type ) main - sequence star located approximately 42 light - years away in the constellation of Pictor ( the Easel ) , taking its primary name from its Henry Draper Catalogue designation .
HD 100777 is an orange subgiant star located approximately 172 light years away in the constellation Leo .
Theta Indi ( θ Ind ) is a binary star in the constellation Indus .
HD 96700 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Hydra .
HD 95089 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K - type star HD 95089 approximately 453 light years away in the constellation Leo .
NGC 6872 , also known as the Condor Galaxy , is a large barred spiral galaxy of type SB(s)b pec in the constellation Pavo .
Omega Ursae Majoris ( Omega UMa , ω Ursae Majoris , ω UMa ) is a binary star in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 176051 is a spectroscopic binary star system approximately 49 light years away from Earth in the constellation Lyra .
Alpha Telescopii ( α Tel , α Telescopii ) is the brightest star in the constellation Telescopium , with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.5 .
HD 113538 ( Gliese 496.1 ) is a K - type main - sequence star of a late spectral type ( K9V ) that lies approximately 51 light - years away in the constellation of Centaurus .
HD 63922 is a blue giant star in the constellation Puppis .
Lambda Coronae Borealis ( l CrB ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Borealis .
Luyten 726 - 8 , also known as Gliese 65 , is a binary star system that is one of Earth 's nearest neighbors , at about 8.7 light years from Earth in the constellation Cetus .
HD 46375 is an 8th - magnitude K - type subgiant star located approximately 109 light - years away in the constellation of Monoceros .
COROT-9b is an exoplanet orbiting the star COROT-9 , approximately 1500 light years away in the constellation Serpens .
NGC 2736 ( also known as the Pencil Nebula ) is a small part of the Vela Supernova Remnant , located near the Vela Pulsar in the constellation Vela .
35 Cancri ( abbr . : 35 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
HR 4072 ( ET Ursae Majoris , HD 89822 , HIP 50933 ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
DENIS J081730.0 - 615520 ( also known as 2MASS 08173001 - 6155158 ) is a T brown dwarf approximately 16 ly ( 4.9 pc ) away in the constellation Carina .
HAT - P-8 is a magnitude 10 star located 750 light - years away in Pegasus .
HD 114386 is a 9th magnitude star located approximately 91 light years away in the constellation of Centaurus .
NGC 3244 is a spiral galaxy in the Antlia constellation discovered by John Herschel on April 22 , 1835 .
HD 10180 is a Sun - like star in the southern constellation Hydrus that is notable for its large planetary system .
SDSS J0106 - 1000 ( full name : SDSS J010657.39 - 100003.3 ) is a binary star located about 7,800 light - years from Earth in the constellation Cetus .
NGC 1746 is an object in the constellation Taurus that was described in 1863 by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest and as a result was recorded in the New General Catalogue ( NGC ) .
NGC 462 is a elliptical galaxy located in the Pisces constellation .
R Scuti ( R Sct ) is a star in the constellation of Scutum .
NGC 6745 ( also known as UGC 11391 ) is an irregular galaxy about 206 million light - years ( 63.5 mega - parsecs ) away in the constellation Lyra .
HD 70642 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation of Puppis located 92 light years away .
HD 63454 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 117 light - years away in the constellation of Chamaeleon , orbiting the star HD 63454 .
HD 149026 b , also named Smertrios , is an extrasolar planet approximately 257 light - years from the Sun in the constellation of Hercules .
IRC+10420 , also known as V1302 Aql , is a yellow hypergiant star located in the constellation of Aquila at a distance of 4 - 6 kiloparsecs of the Sun .
9 Cephei ( 9 Cep ) , also known as V337 Cephei , is a star in the constellation Cepheus .
16 Cygni or 16 Cyg is the Flamsteed designation of a triple star system approximately 69 light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus .
NGC 1806 is a globular cluster located within the Large Magellanic Cloud within the constellation of Dorado ( the dolphin - fish ) , an area of the sky best seen from the Earth 's southern hemisphere .
Xi Pegasi ( ξ Peg , ξ Pegasi ) is the Bayer designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Pegasus , the winged horse .
Messier 10 or M10 ( also designated NGC 6254 ) is a globular cluster of stars in the equatorial constellation of Ophiuchus .
2MASS J11145133 - 2618235 ( designation abbreviated to 2MASS 1114 - 2618 , or 2M1114 - 26 , or 2M1114 - 2618 , or 2MASS 1114 - 26 , or 2MASS J1114 - 2618 ) is nearby brown dwarf of spectral class T7.5 , located in constellation Hydra at approximately 18 light - years from Earth .
Pi Capricorni ( π Cap , π Capricorni ) is a double star in the constellation Capricornus .
NGC 5229 is an edge - on spiral galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici .
HD 148427 is a 7th magnitude K - type subgiant star located approximately 193 light years away in the constellation Ophiuchus .
42 Aquarii ( abbreviated 42 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
Shishman Peak ( Vrah Shishman \'vr&h shish-'man\ ) rises to over 800 m in the east extremity of Levski Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Višegrad ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вишеград , pronounced ( ʋǐʃɛɡraːd ) ) is a town and municipality in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina resting on the Drina river and in the Republika Srpska entity .
The Learning and Teaching Support Network ( LTSN ) was an initiative of the United Kingdom higher education bodies to promote high quality learning and teaching in all subject disciplines in higher education .
Unionville Public School is an elementary school located in Unionville , Ontario , Canada and is part of the York Region District School Board .
Reference Re Farm Products Marketing Act ( Ontario ) , 1957 S.C.R. 198 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the Trade and Commerce power allocated to the federal government under section 91(2 ) of the Constitution Act , 1867 .
The Sierra de Mijas is a mountain range in southern Spain , part of the coastal mountain range that lies behind the Costa del Sol Occidental , in Andalusia .
Wąsosz ( ˈvɔ̃sɔʂ ) ( German : Herrnstadt ) is a town in Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Orta Qəsil ( also , Orta Kasil '' ) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Arrondissement of Menen ( Dutch : Arrondissement Menen ; French : Arrondissement de Menin ) was a short - lived arrondissement in the present - day Province of West Flanders , Belgium .
Ramsowo ( ramˈsɔvɔ ) ( German Gross Ramsau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chumael is a village in the Bafatá Region of southern - central Guinea - Bissau .
The Kibira National Park is a national park in northwestern Burundi .
Fosseuse is a former commune in the Oise department in northern France .
Changyang Tujia Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 长阳土家族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 長陽土家族自治縣 ; pinyin : Chángyáng Tǔjiāzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is an autonomous county in western Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Anegunta , also spelled Anigunta , is a village in the Zahirabad sub district of the Medak district in Telangana , India .
Szczyty - Las ( ˈʂt͡ʂɨtɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
171 La Trobe Street is a building in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , by architect Nonda Katsalidis .
Industrial Cooperative Housing , Isfahan ( Persian : شركت تعاوني روستاي خوشه‎ -- Sherkat - e Tʿāvanī Rūstāī Khūsheh ) is a village and company town in Murcheh Khvort Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Aeritalia was an aerospace engineering corporation based in Italy , formed by the merger of Fiat Aviazione and Aerfer in 1969 .
Naryan - Mar ( Russian : Нарья́н-Мар ; Nenets : Няръянa марˮ , Nyar'yana marq , lit . `` red town '' ) is a sea and river port town and the administrative center of Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Lashkan ( Persian : لشكان‎ , also Romanized as Lashkān ; also known as Lashgān ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kamaraj Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كمارج‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gattendorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany .
The Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass in Catalonia , Spain .
Deutsche Börse has locations in Germany , Luxembourg , Switzerland , Czech Republic , and Spain , as well as representative offices in Beijing , London , Paris , Chicago , New York , Hong Kong , and Dubai .
Bayat - e Sofla ( Persian : بيات سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bayāt - e Soflá ; also known as Bayāt - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chiarano is a town in the province of Treviso , north - eastern Italy .
Mimico is a neighbourhood and a former municipality in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , being located in the south - west area of Toronto on Lake Ontario .
The Gymea Bay is a bay on the upper estuarine Port Hacking River , fed by the Coonong Creek in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia
Abdul Rahman Auf Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Abdul Rahman Auf ) is a mosque in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Monfortinho Airport ( ICAO : LPMF ) is an airport near the Portugal - Spain border serving Monfortinho , Portugal .
Środula is a former village in Poland , now the northern district of the town of Sosnowiec , Poland .
Drazdy ( Belarusian : Дразды , Russian : Дрозды , Drozdy ) is a microdistrict in north - west Minsk where many top state officials lived during the Soviet times and today , including the President of Belarus , Alexander Lukashenko .
Inovce is a village and municipality in the Sobrance District in the Košice Region of east Slovakia .
Van Xuan University of Technology ( Vietnamese : Đại học Công nghệ Vạn Xuân , abbreviated as VXUT ) is a Vietnam private university established in 2008 , under the Decision No 1068/QD - TTg by the prime minister of Vietnam .
Nowbaran ( Persian : نوبران‎ , also Romanized as Nowbarān and Nūbarān ) is one of the cities and capital of Nowbaran District , in Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kirigalpotta is the 2nd tallest mountain in Sri Lanka at 2,388 m ( 7,835 ft ) above mean sea level , and is also the highest mountain in the country whose summit is accessible to the general public ( the highest point , Pidurutalagala , is occupied by a military base and off - limits to the public ) .
Podlisec ( pronounced ( pɔˈdliːsəts ) ) is a small settlement just west of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Hvidovre Stadium ( Da : Hvidovre Stadion ) is an athletics - and soccer stadium in Hvidovre in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Shakhtal Khan - e Seh ( Persian : شاخت الخان سه‎ , also Romanized as Shākhtal Khān - e Seh ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Taoyuan Senior High School Station ( Chinese : 桃園高中車站 ; pinyin : Táoyuán Gāozhōng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Linkou Line located in Taoyuan District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Roskilde Fjord is the fjord north of Roskilde , Denmark .
Broumov Airport ( 50 ° 34′N 16 ° 21′E , ICAO airport code LKBR ) is an airport in Broumov in the Czech Republic .
Jangal - e Gorgi ( Persian : جنگل گرگي‎ , also Romanized as Jangal - e Gorgī ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Didgah - e Alamun ( Persian : ديدگاه المون‎ , also Romanized as Dīdgāh - e Ālamūn ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Korab III is a mountain peak located in eastern Albania .
The House of Grimaldi is associated with the history of the Republic of Genoa , Italy and of the Principality of Monaco .
The South East Community Development Council ( abbreviation : SE CDC ) is one of five Community Development Councils ( CDCs ) set up across the Republic of Singapore to aid in local administration of governmental policies and schemes .
Veľká Ves nad Ipľom ( Hungarian : Ipolynagyfalu ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Biên Hòa ( Northern accent : listen , Southern accent : listen ) is a city in Đồng Nai Province , Vietnam , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) east of Hồ Chí Minh City ( formerly Saigon ) , to which Biên Hòa is linked by Vietnam Highway 1 .
Jesse and Gene is the morning zoo duo name for Jesse Dylan and Gene Valaitis , who hosted The Jesse and Gene Show , a prominent morning drive time show in the Toronto , Canada radio market during the 1980s and the 1990s .
Eriksöre is a village located on the island of Öland , Sweden .
Zansoni is a village and seat ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Fakolo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Wondelgem used to be a village in East Flanders , Belgium .
Houska Castle is an early Gothic castle , 47 km north of Prague , in the Czech Republic .
Žabljak Crnojevića ( commonly referred to as Žabljak ; Cyrillic : Жабљак Црнојевића , pronounced ( ʒâbʎaːk t͡sr̂nɔjɛv̞it͡ɕaː ) , is an abandoned medieval fortified town ( fortress ) in Montenegro .
The Place Jean - Jaurès , a.k.a . La Plaine , is a historic square in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Cəmcəmli ( also , Cəm - Cəmli and Dzhamdzhamly ) is a village and municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Technology College is a term used in the United Kingdom for a secondary specialist school that focuses on design and technology , mathematics and science .
Western Hutt Railway Station , formerly Lower Hutt , is an intermediate station on the single - track Melling Line in Lower Hutt , New Zealand , It is served by Metlink electric multiple unit trains operated by Tranz Metro .
Monaghan Road railway station was on the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway in the Republic of Ireland .
Längelmäki ( known as Längelmä between 1500 and 1510 ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Bogoštica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богоштица ) is a village in Serbia .
Faydiya , or Al Fa'idiyah is a town in the District of Jabal al Akhdar in northeastern Libya .
Xylokastro ( Approx : /zaɪˈlɒ.kɑːstrɒ/ ) ( Greek : Ξυλόκαστρο ) is a seaside town or village and a former municipality in Corinthia in the Peloponnese , Greece .
Sib Chah ( Persian : سيب چاه‎ , also Romanized as Sīb Chāh ; also known as Sīp Chāh ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sometime before 1321 , Grand Duke Gediminas transferred the capital of Lithuania from Kernavė to Trakai ( today 's Senieji Trakai ) and erected his brick castle .
Nykøbing Sjælland is a town in Denmark , located in northern Odsherred on the island of Zealand .
Kłaj ( kwai̯ ) is a village of about 3,000 inhabitants in the Wieliczka County of Poland 's Lesser Poland province .
The 1949 German football championship , the 39th edition of the competition , was the culmination of the 1948 - -49 football season in Germany .
Ytre Norskøya ( English : Outer Norway Island ) is an island on the northwest coast of Spitsbergen , part of the Svalbard archipelago .
Varanger Peninsula ( Norwegian : Varangerhalvøya ; Northern Sami : Várnjárga ) is a peninsula in Finnmark county , Norway .
Nolet Het Reymerswale is a former restaurant located in Yerseke in the Netherlands .
Tinguiririca Volcano is a massive and active stratovolcano located in Chile 's VI Region ( O'Higgins ) and near the Argentinian border .
ComfortDelGro Corporation ( SGX : C52 ) is a multi - national land transport company listed on the Singapore Exchange operating 46,010 vehicles in seven countries .
Pallastunturi fells is a group of seven fells in the municipalities of Muonio and Enontekiö in Lapland , Finland .
Asdas is a village in the northern part of the Ma'rib Governorate of Yemen .
Adderley Street is a famous street in Cape Town , South Africa .
Ravnsnæs is a small village with a population of 611 ( 1 January 2014 ) , just south of Sjælsø in Denmark .
Hoseynabad - e Baqeri ( Persian : حسين ابادباقري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Bāqerī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mangapapa is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Gisborne .
La Mare de Déu de la Salut Festival is a festival celebrated in Algemesí , Spain , in August 29 - -
The New Suez Canal ( Arabic : قناة السويس الجديدة‎ Qanāt al - Suways al - Jadīdah ) is the name of a waterway project in Egypt , to expand the capacity of the existing Suez Canal .
The Steinheim crater is a meteorite crater in Steinheim am Albuch , Heidenheim County , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Ambatondrazaka ( amˌbatuɳɖʐaˈzakə̥ ) is a city ( commune urbaine ) in Madagascar Ambatondrazaka is also the capital of the Alaotra - Mangoro region and the Ambatondrazaka District .
San Vigilio is a Renaissance and Baroque style , Roman Catholic church located on Via San Vigilio , Siena , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Chanos - Curson is a commune of the Drôme department in southeastern France .
Fort Providence ( Slavey language : Zhahti Koe or Zhahti Kue `` mission house '' ) is a hamlet in the South Slave Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
The Killarney Provincial Park Observatory is a small observatory located in Killarney Provincial Park near the George Lake Campground ( near Killarney , Ontario , Canada ) .
Kuchesfahan ( Persian : كوچصفهان‎ , ( kuːtʃesfæˈhɑːn ) , Gilaki : Kochesfahan ( kʊtʃesfəˈhən ) ; also Romanized as Kūcheşfahān and Kuch - i - Isfahān ; also known as Bāzār Kūcheşfahān and Kushk - Isfagan ) is a city in and the capital of Kuchesfahan District , in Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Brezje pri Bojsnem ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈboːi̯snɛm ) ; German : Bresje ) is a small settlement to the north of Bojsno in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Maiwand is a village in Afghanistan within the Maiwand District of Kandahar Province .
The Cabo de São Tomé is a peninsula in the state of Rio de Janeiro , on the coast of southeastern Brazil .
The Castejón Mountains ( Spanish : Montes de Castejón ) are a mountain range in the Cinco Villas comarca , Aragon , Spain , located about 30 km to the north of Zaragoza .
The Praça do Império ( Portuguese for Empire Square ) is a city square in Lisbon , Portugal .
Khunzakh ( Russian : Хунзах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Khunzakhsky District in the Republic of Dagestan , Russia , located in the North Caucasus mountains 1,600 meters ( 5,200 ft ) above sea level .
The 2006 LG Hockey Games were played between April 26 and April 29 , 2006 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Mosul International Airport ( IATA : OSM , ICAO : ORBM ) is an airport located at Mosul , capital of Nineveh Governorate , Iraq .
Karapuzha Dam located in the Wayanad district of Kerala , is one of the biggest earth dams in India .
Lakshmi Villa is village in Kanpur , U.P. , India .
Karkum ( Persian : كركوم‎ , also Romanized as Karkūm ; also known as Dārkūd , Dārkūm , Karkom , Qarah Qom , and Qarqom ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Melton Airfield ( ICAO : YMEL ) is a small grass strip airfield located approximately 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) north of the city centre of Melton in the City of Melton , Victoria , Australia .
Salvador do Mundo ( Portuguese for Saviour of the World ) is a village in Bardez taluka , Goa , in India .
Kršič ( pronounced ( kəɾˈʃitʃ ) ) is a small settlement above Godič in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Euralille is an urban quarter in the centre of Lille , France .
Grabašnica ( Cyrillic : Грабашница ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cape Cleveland Light is an active heritage - listed lighthouse located on the northern tip of Cape Cleveland , a promontory projecting into the Coral Sea west of Cleveland Bay and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of Townsville , Queensland , Australia .
In 1992 , the school council voted to change the school 's name to Gilson College as a tribute to W J Gilson , a prominent figure in Adventist education in Australia .
Horní Paseky ( German : Oberreuth ) is a border village in Karlovy Vary Region , Czech Republic .
Agricultural Cooperative College is a private technical college located in Goyang City , Gyeonggi province , South Korea .
The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance ( Hebrew : האקדמיה למוסיקה ולמחול בירושלים‎ ) , is a school for the music and the performing arts in Jerusalem , Israel .
La Orchila is an island and a military base off the coast of Venezuela , north of Caracas .
Moosonee is a town in northern Ontario , Canada , on the Moose River approximately 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of James Bay .
Vierzon ( French pronunciation : ​(vjɛʁ.zɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre region of France .
Fezile Dabi District Municipality , formerly known as Northern Free State District Municipality , is one of the 5 districts of Free State province of South Africa .
Arte Fiera is an international modern and contemporary art fair sited annually in Bologna , Italy , and was established in 1974 .
Bishan Sports Hall is situated in the central part of Singapore at Bishan .
Las Anod ( Somali : Laascaanood , Arabic : لاس عانود‎ ) is the administrative capital of the northern Sool province of Somalia .
Ostrowąż - Kolonia ( ɔsˈtrɔvɔ̃ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Independent Greeks ( Greek : Ανεξάρτητοι Έλληνες , Anexartitoi Ellines , ANEL ) is a conservative , national - conservative and right - wing populist political party in Greece .
Lgotka ( ˈlɡɔtka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nowosiółki - Kolonia ( nɔvɔˈɕuu̯kʲi kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Reynisdrangar are basalt sea stacks situated under the mountain Reynisfjall near the village Vík í Mýrdal , southern Iceland which is framed by a black sand beach that was ranked in 1991 as one of the ten most beautiful non - tropical beaches in the world .
The Sudirman Range or Dugunduguoo or Nassau Range is a mountain range in Papua province , Indonesia .
The Halle concentration camp was a Nazi Germany Buchenwald subcamp that provided forced labor for the Siebel aircraft manufacturer in July 1944 under agreement with the SS - Wirtschafts - Verwaltungshauptamt ( SS - WVHA ) .
Burmee Colony ( Urdu : برمی کالونی ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Landhi Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Ciane ( Sicilian : Ciani ) is a short river in southern Sicily , Italy .
CFCF - DT , VHF channel 12 , is a CTV owned - and - operated television station located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Salisbury railway station is located on the Beenleigh Line in Queensland , Australia .
Padre Diego Cera Avenue , commonly known simply as Diego Cera Avenue , is a major north - south collector road in Las Piñas , southern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Muang Khua is a village in Laos , near the Vietnamese border , in the province of Phongsali .
Budki Petrykowskie ( ˈbutki pɛtrɨˈkɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Monte Musinè or simply Musinè ( in Piedmontese mont Musinè ) is a mountain in the Graian Alps in Italy .
Vinica pri Šmarjeti ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːnitsa pɾi ʃmaˈɾjeːti ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Pont - sur - Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north - central France .
Niaqornat Heliport ( IATA : NIQ , ICAO : BGNT ) is a heliport in Niaqornat , a village on the northeastern shore of Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Kassala ( Arabic : كسلا‎ , Arabic pronunciation : ( kasalaː ) ; Italian : Cassala ) is the capital of the state of Kassala in eastern Sudan .
Jafarbagi - ye Olya ( Persian : جافربيگي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ja``farbagī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 68 , in 20 families .
Przydwórz ( ˈpʂɨdvuʂ ) ( German : Schönfließ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno , within Wąbrzeźno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Zamość Fortress ( Polish : Twierdza Zamość ) is a set of fortifications constructed together with the city of Zamość ( southeastern Poland ) .
Mamqabinə ( also , Mamkabina ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Biała - Kolonia ( ˈbjawa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Preah Sdach District ( Khmer : ស្រុកព្រះស្ដេច ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
Chalab ( Persian : چالاب‎ , also Romanized as Chālāb ) is a village in Korani Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dhannapur ( Bengali : ধন্যপুর ) is a village at Palla Bazar , in Mohammadpur Union , Chatkhil Upazila , Noakhali District , Chittagong Division , Bangladesh .
Keramidi ( Greek : Κεραμίδι ) is a village and a former community in Magnesia , Thessaly , Greece .
Crvena gora ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црвена гора ) is a mountain in western Serbia , above the town of Ivanjica .
The National Kaohsiung Normal University ( NKNU ; Chinese : 國立高雄師範大學 ) , founded in 1967 , is a public university located in Lingya District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Isa Air Base , formerly Shaikh Isa Air Base ( ICAO : OBBS ) , is located on the 665 km² island nation of Bahrain which is situated off Saudi Arabia 's eastern coast .
San Pedro Atocpan is one of the communities that make up the borough of Milpa Alta in the Federal District of Mexico , better known as Mexico City .
Home Hill , Queensland is a town and locality in the Burdekin Shire , Queensland , Australia at the delta of the Burdekin River .
Calabas is a village on the island of Aruba , located towards the north - center of the island .
The Acheron ( /ˈækərən/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἀχέρων ( Acheron ) or Ἀχερούσιος ( Acherusius ) ; Modern Greek : Αχέροντας ( Acherontas ) ) is a river located in the Epirus region of northwest Greece .
The Pierre Chauveau Medal is an award of the Royal Society of Canada `` for a distinguished contribution to knowledge in the humanities other than Canadian literature and Canadian history '' .
As of spring 2013 , CHQR is the third most listened - to radio station , the second most listened - to AM station , in the Calgary market according to a PPM data report released by BBM Canada .
The Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 ( EPBC Act ) is an Act of the Parliament of Australia that provides a framework for protection of the Australian environment , including its biodiversity and its natural and culturally significant places .
The North Sea ferry TS Leda was operated by Bergen Line between Britain and Norway for over 20 years .
Hassagers Kollegium ( originally Hassagers Collegium with 1900 orthography ) is a small dormitory located at Frederiksberg Bredegade 13 B 2000 Frederiksberg , Denmark ( Location:55 ° 40′40``N 12 ° 31′43''E ) .
Ubľa is a border village and municipality in Snina District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia on the border with Ukraine .
Ea Bar is a rural commune ( xã ) and large village in the Buôn Đôn District of Đắk Lắk Province , Vietnam .
Lövstad Castle ( Swedish : Lövstads slott ) is a château situated near Norrköping , the province of Östergötland , in Sweden .
Oparówka ( ɔpaˈrufka ) ( Ukrainian : Опарівка , Oparivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hpapun Township ( Burmese : ဖာပွန်မြို့နယ် ; Karen : Mutraw ; also Bu Tho Township ) is a township of Hpapun District in the Kayin State of Myanmar .
Kaywa ( Quechua for a Cyclanthera species , ( Cyclanthera pedata or Cyclanthera brachybotrys ) hispanicized spelling Cayhua ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
The Queen Elizabeth Theatre is a performing arts venue in downtown Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Six - Fours - les - Plages ( Occitan : Sièis Forns lei Plaias , Sièis Four in provençal ) , is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
Lilla Värtan ( Swedish : Smaller Värtan ) or simply Värtan is a strait in Stockholm , Sweden .
Skorpios or Scorpios ( Greek : Σκορπιός , pronounced ( skorˈpços ) ) is a private island in the Ionian Sea off the western coast of Greece and just to the east of the island of Lefkada .
Ait Kamara is a village located 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) south of the city of Al Hoceima , in the Aït Waryaghar 's tribe , in the Rif region of Morocco .
Like many old river beds in the Netherlands , the Oude Maasje now primarily acts to drain the surrounding fields , and does not receive water from the Maas river .
Bankalar Caddesi ( English : Banks Street ) , alternatively known as Voyvoda Caddesi ( English : Voivode Street ) , located in the historic Galata quarter ( present - day Karaköy ) within the district of Beyoğlu ( historic Pera ) in Istanbul , Turkey , was the financial center of the Ottoman Empire .
Svaliava ( Ukrainian : Свалява ) is a city located on the Latorytsia River in Zakarpattia Oblast in western Ukraine .
The Meghalaya subtropical forests is a montane subtropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of eastern India .
Muszyna ( muˈʂɨna ) is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Ephraim Island is luxury residential development located in the suburb of Paradise Point in the north of Gold Coast , Australia .
Cotopaxi National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Cotopaxi ) is a protected area in Ecuador situated in the Cotopaxi Province , Napo Province and Pichincha Province , roughly 50 km south of Quito .
Les Mercuriales are twin towers in Bagnolet , along the Boulevard Peripherique , in Paris , France .
Valtos Province ( Greek : Επαρχία Βάλτου ) is one of the five former provinces of Aetolia - Acarnania in Greece .
The Maqua Palace ( Palacio de Maqua ) is located in the town of Aviles , Asturias , Spain .
Mazraeh - ye Boniad Amur Jangazdegan ( Persian : مزرعه بنيادامور جنگزدگان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bonīād Amūr Jangazdegān ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Milačevići ( Serbian : Милачевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Parnell Tunnel is a railway tunnel under Parnell , Auckland , New Zealand .
Cohiniac ( Breton : Kaouennieg , Gallo : Coheinyac ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Lajoie Lake , also known as Little Gun Lake , is a small lake in the Bridge River Country of the West - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located three miles west of the community of Gold Bridge and just southwest of Gun Lake , which is also known as Big Gun Lake .
Novogeorgievsk was a city in Ukraine that since 1961 was flooded by the Kremenchuk water reservoir .
Nalewajków ( nalɛˈvajkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Petrofani ( Greek : Πετροφάνι ; Turkish : Esendağ ) is an abandoned village in central Cyprus .
Monte Colombine is a mountain of Lombardy , Italy , It has an elevation of 2,215 metres ( 7,267 ft ) .
Liniewo ( liˈɲevɔ ) ( German : Lienfelde ) is a village in Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Godanod ( Somali : Godcanood ) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Bela Church , also Our Lady of Sorrows Church , is a Roman Catholic church in the Kasargode district of Kerala state , South India , 15 km north of Kasaragod .
Sir Bagh ( Persian : سيرباغ‎ , also Romanized as Sīr Bāgh ; also known as Shīr Bāgh ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zllash ( Serbian : Злаш , Zlaš ) is a mountain in eastern Kosovo , just east of the capital city of Pristina .
Avirak ( Persian : اويرك‎ , also Romanized as Avīrak ) is a village in Rudbar - e Mohammad - e Zamani Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Oqayba ( Arabic : عقيبة‎ , also spelled Aqiba , Akibah or Agiba ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located northwest of Aleppo .
Blackrock Castle is a castellated fortification located at Blackrock , about 2 km from the centre of Cork city on the banks of the River Lee in Ireland .
Katharine Gibbs College was a for - profit institution of higher learning based in the United States of America , founded by Katharine Gibbs .
Dębowa Łąka ( dɛmˈbɔva ˈwɔnka ) ( German : Dembowalonka ) is a village in Wąbrzeźno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ovayok Territorial Park ( sometimes Uvajuq , formerly Mount Pelly ) is a park situated 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) east of Cambridge Bay , Kitikmeot , Nunavut , Canada .
Futory ( fuˈtɔrɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Футори , Futory ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleszyce , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sandymount Strand ( Irish : Dumhach Thrá ) is a large strand on the east coast of Ireland , adjacent to the village and suburb of Sandymount in Dublin .
Grivci ( Serbian : Гривци ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dali Owlad Mohammad Hoseyn ( Persian : دلي اولادمحمدحسين‎ , also Romanized as Dalī Owlād Moḩammad Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Southern Regional Hospital ( formerly Dangriga Hospital ) is a hospital serving Dangriga , Belize .
Thaha Municipality is a municipality in Makwanpur District of Narayani Zone in mid Nepal .
Military Airport Aigen i m Ennstal ( German : Militärflugplatz Aigen i m Ennstal , ICAO : LOXA ) is a military airport located 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) east of Aigen i m Ennstal , Steiermark , Austria .
Tamra ( Arabic : طمرة‎ , Hebrew : טַמְרָה or תַמְרָה ) is an Arab city in the North District of Israel located in the Lower Galilee 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) north of the city of Shefa-'Amr and approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of Akko ( Acre ) .
Vilsund Bridge ( Vilsundbroen ) is a bascule arch bridge that crosses Vilsund between Mors and Thy in northwestern Jutland , Denmark .
Ellinikon International Airport , sometimes spelled Hellinikon ( Greek : Ελληνικόν ) was the international airport of Athens , Greece for sixty years up until 2001 , when it was replaced by the new Athens International Airport `` Eleftherios Venizelos '' .
Czosnów ( ˈt͡ʂɔsnuf ) is a village in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kairaki is a small rural community in the Waimakariri District , New Zealand .
Bendigo Art Gallery in Bendigo , founded in 1887 , is one of Australia 's oldest and largest regional art galleries .
Audinghen ( Dutch : Oudinghen ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Bandaranayake Central College , Veyangoda ( Sinhala:වේයන්ගොඩ බණ්ඩාරනායක මධ්‍ය විද්‍යාලය ) , also known as `` Veyangoda Central College ( VCC ) '' , is a National school in Sri Lanka .
Lake Mogilnoye ( Russian : Озеро Могильное ) is a small salt / fresh - water lake on the Kildin Island , Murmansk Oblast , Russia near Kildin Strait .
Dole pri Škofljici ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlɛ pɾi ˈʃkoːfljitsi ) ; in older sources also Dolje ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
Wielmierzowice ( vjɛlmjɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Jary ( ˈjarɨ ) ( German : Jäckel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Anthousa ( Greek : Ανθούσα meaning `` in blossom '' ) is a suburban town in East Attica , Greece .
Teplá ( German : Tepl , formerly Töpel ) is a town in the western Czech Republic .
Cheshmeh Hajegah Shirzadi ( Persian : چشمه حاجگه شيرزادي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ḩājegah Shīrzādī ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Sandavágur stone ( FR 2 M ) is a runestone that was discovered in the town of Sandavágur on the Faroe Islands in 1917 .
Pueblo Bello ( Pretty Village ) , is a village and municipality in the northern region of the Department of Cesar , Colombia .
The Bröl Valley Railway ( German : Bröltalbahn ) was the first public narrow gauge railway in Germany and had a track gauge of 785 mm . It was the heart of a railway company , which from 1925 also ran bus services and from 1956 its passenger services only ran by road .
Capitán Omar Darío Gerardi Airport ( ICAO : SACA ) is a military airport located in Córdoba , Argentina .
The City of Casey is a local government area in Victoria , Australia in the outer south - eastern suburbs of Melbourne .
Taksin Maharat National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติตากสินมหาราช ) is a national park in Tak Province , Thailand .
Palsmane parish ( Latvian : Palsmanes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Valka District , Latvia .
Breede River Valley is a region of Western Cape Province , South Africa known for being the largest fruit and wine producing valley in the Western Cape , as well as South Africa 's leading race - horse breeding area .
Arayatlı ( also , Arayatly ) is a village and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Rai 1 ( until May 2010 known as Rai Uno ) is the flagship television channel of Rai , Italy 's national public service broadcaster , and the most watched television channel in the country .
The biggest production site of Wacker Chemie is the Burghausen plant in the south - east of Bavaria , Germany , with about 10,000 employees .
Beit Zayit ( Hebrew : בֵּית זַיִת , lit . House of Olives ) is a moshav in Israel located seven kilometres west of Jerusalem .
Washoda is a town in Suriname , located in the Nickerie district .
Danielki ( daˈɲɛlki ) is a small village situated in southern Poland , close to the border crossing at Chyżne .
Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University , Rawalpindi ( PMAS - Arid University ) is in Rawalpindi , Punjab , Pakistan .
Madona District ( Latvian : Madonas rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Vidzeme and Latgale regions , in the country 's east .
The University of Tartu Botanical Gardens ( Estonian : Tartu Ülikooli Botaanikaaed ) , is a botanical garden in Tartu , Estonia .
Burunucu is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Shahrak - e Bahram ( Persian : شهرك بهرام‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Bahrām ) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lorun ( Persian : لرون‎ , also Romanized as Lorūn ; also known as Looroon , Lowrūn , Lūrūn , and Owrūn ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kuhak - e Do ( Persian : كوهك 2‎ , also Romanized as Kūhak - e Do ; also known as Kūhak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Band - e Amir Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Batorampon Point is the westernmost point of the island of Mindanao ( 7 ° 6′32.5``N 121 ° 53′51.8''E ) in the Philippines and has been named so since the mid-19th century .
As a political term , it is used most often as a synonym for Switzerland , whose official German name is `` Schweizerische Eidgenossenschaft '' , usually translated as Swiss Confederation .
Södra Ängby is a residential area blending functionalism with garden city ideals , located in western Stockholm , Sweden , forming part of the Bromma borough .
The Turnbull Government is the federal executive government of Australia , led by the 29th Prime Minister of Australia , Malcolm Turnbull .
Cantillana is a town located in the province of Seville , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Dr. Hari Singh Gour University ( Hindi : डॉ. हरिसिंह गौर विश्वविद्यालय or Dr Harisingh Gour Vishwavidyalaya ) , formerly and more popularly known as Sagar University ( Hindi : सागर विश्वविद्यालय ) or University of Saugor , is a Central University in the city of Sagar , the state of Madhya Pradesh or ( MP ) , India .
Mifergui is a locality in southeastern Guinea near the borders of Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire .
Velsk ( Russian : Вельск ) is a town and the administrative center of Velsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Vel River at its confluence with the Vaga River , 545 kilometers ( 339 mi ) south of Arkhangelsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
York University ( French : Université York ) is a public research university in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Papiabad ( Persian : پاپی‌آباد‎ , also Romanized as Pāpīābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Daraa Border Crossing ( Arabic : مركز درعا الحدودي‎ ) is an international border crossing between Syria and Jordan .
Hausen i m Wiesental is a commune in the Lörrach district of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Uqchi Bozorg ( Persian : اوقچي بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Ūqchī Bozorg ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Borek Skórzyński ( ˈbɔrɛk skuˈʐɨɲski ) ( German : Bork ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Great - West Lifeco is an insurance centered financial holding company ( corporation ) that operates in North America ( USA and Canada ) , Europe and Asia through 5 wholly owned , regionally focused subsidiaries .
The Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University ( JNAFAU ) , is an architecture and fine arts university located at Masab Tank , Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Delazian ( Persian : دلازيان‎ , also Romanized as Delāzīān , Delāzeyān , Delāzīyān , Delāzīyān , and Deliāzān ; also known as Dalījān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Maguindanao massacre , also known as the Ampatuan massacre after the town where the mass graves were found , occurred on the morning of November 23 , 2009 , in the town of Ampatuan in Maguindanao province , on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines .
The Transkei ( /trɑːnsˈkeɪ/ or /trɑːnsˈkaɪ/ , meaning the area beyond ( the river ) Kei ) , officially the Republic of Transkei ( Xhosa : iRiphabliki yeTranskei ) , was a Bantustan -- an area set aside for members of a specific ethnicity -- and nominal parliamentary democracy in the southeastern region of South Africa .
Alupka ( Russian : Алýпка ; Ukrainian : Алýпка ; Crimean Tatar : Alupka ; Greek : Ἀλώπηξ ) is a resort city located in the Crimean peninsula , currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine ( see 2014 Crimean crisis ) .
Barazq ( Persian : برازق‎ , also Romanized as Barāzq ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lakha Road railway station ( Urdu : لکھا روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Lakha road town , Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Phagi ( Hindi : फागी ) is a tehsil and a panchayat samiti in Jaipur district in the state of Rajasthan , India .
The Tschingel Glacier ( German : Tschingelfirn ) is a 3 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland .
The Wetaskiwin and District Heritage Museum , in Wetaskiwin , Alberta , Canada celebrates the early history of Wetaskiwin and area .
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act , Deobahal village is administrated by Sarpanch ( Head of Panchayat ) with Ward Member who is electedrepresentative of village .
Kishori is a small village in Mudhol , district Bagalkot , Karnataka , India .
Gripenberg Castle ( Swedish : Gripenbergs slott ) is a wooden manor house near Tranås in Småland , Sweden .
Mvezo is a small village on the banks of the Mbashe River , not far from Mthatha in the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
Toronto West was a federal electoral district in the City of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1904 to 1925 .
Lac de Tracouet ( also Lac Noir , `` Black Lake '' ) is a lake in the Nendaz municipality in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
The Giardino Officinale di Marzana is a municipal botanical garden located in Marzana , Verona , Veneto , Italy .
Dyke Island is one of the Falkland Islands , lying between Weddell Island , and West Falkland .
Kateh Sar ( Persian : كته سر‎ ; also known as Kateh Shūr and Katekhsar ) is a village in Kateh Sar - e Khomam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Bezaqa ( Persian : مزرعه بزاقا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bezāqā ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 18 , in 5 families .
Boneh - ye Abbas Ali ( Persian : بنه عباسعلي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye ʿAbbās ʿAlī ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tereke - yurén - tepui is one of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar , Venezuela .
Karamay or Kelamayi is a prefecture - level city in the north of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
The University of Colombo School of Computing ( UCSC ) is a higher educational institute affiliated to the University of Colombo in Sri Lanka providing computer science and information and communication technology education .
Pinar del Río Airport ( IATA : QPD , ICAO : MUPR ) is an abandoned airport formerly serving Pinar del Río , the capital city of the Pinar del Río Province in Cuba .
Doroslovo ( Serbian : Дорослово or Doroslovo , Hungarian : Doroszló , Croatian : Doroslovo ) is a village in Serbia .
Bettborn ( Luxembourgish : Bieberech ) is a village in the commune of Préizerdaul , in western Luxembourg .
Brioude ( Occitan : Briude ) is a commune in the Haute - Loire department in the Auvergne region in south - central France .
Mörbylånga is a locality situated on the southern part of the island of Öland and is the seat of Mörbylånga Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden with 1,780 inhabitants in 2010 .
Andenes Church ( Norwegian : Andenes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Bát Tràng ( literally : bát is bowl and tràng is workshop ) is an old , well established village in the Gia Lâm district of Hanoi , the capital city of Vietnam .
Zhonglupu Town ( simplified Chinese : 中路铺镇 ; traditional Chinese : 中路鋪鎮 ; pinyin : Zhōnglùpù Zhèn ) is an urban town in Xiangtan County , Xiangtan City , Hunan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Peterborough Airport , ( IATA : YPQ , ICAO : CYPQ ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) south - southwest of the city of Peterborough , Ontario , Canada .
Zavolzhsk ( Russian : Заво́лжск ) is a town and the administrative center of Zavolzhsky District in Ivanovo Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Volga River , opposite Kineshma , and 113 kilometers ( 70 mi ) northeast of Ivanovo , the administrative center of the oblast .
Anafonitria ( Greek : Αναφωνήτρια ) is a settlement on Zakynthos island , Greece .
The Universidad Pontificia de México ( Pontifical University of Mexico ) is a private institution of higher education established by the Holy See and sponsored by the Roman Catholic Episcopate in Mexico .
Mount Hamiguitan is a mountain located in the province of Davao Oriental , Philippines .
Canillejas is a very ancient village of Madrid , Spain , lying to the east of the city .
Kozłowiec Transmitter ( RTCN Kozłowiec ) is a 213 metre tall guyed mast for FM and TV situated at Kozłowiec , Masovian Voivodeship in Poland .
Przesiadłów ( pʂɛˈɕadwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Maghain Aboth Synagogue is a synagogue in Singapore .
Sellades ( Greek : Σελλάδες ) is a village in the municipal unit of Kompoti in the regional unit of Arta , Greece .
Shinuhayr ( Armenian : Շինուհայր , also Romanized as Shinuayr and Shinuair ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik province of Armenia .
Island Eastern Corridor ( IEC ) is an expressway along the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Minochi Dam ( Japanese : 水内ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1943 .
Benteng Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Tangerang , Indonesia and owned by the Tangerang state government .
Tell Sabi Abyad ( Arabic : تل صبي أبيض‎ ) is an archaeological site in the Balikh River valley in northern Syria .
La Silla Observatory is an astronomical observatory in Chile with three telescopes built and operated by the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) .
The Alto Paranaíba is one of the ten planning regions of the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Ukkovaara is the second highest peak in Raahe , Finland .
Lake Karachay ( Russian : Карача́й ) , sometimes spelled Karachai or Karachaj , is a small lake in the southern Ural mountains in central Russia .
Orgoroso is a village or populated centre in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay .
The group `` Cantori di Carpino '' ( Carpino Singers ) , by reinterpreting ancient tarantellas , has enabled the development of a broadly articulated project regarding the traditional popular music of southern Italy .
Néchin is a village in Belgium and part of the municipality of Estaimpuis .
Chapelle - sur - Moudon is a former municipality in the district Gros - de - Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Order , Law and Justice ( Bulgarian : Ред , законност и справедливост , Red , zakonnost i spravedlivost ) , abbreviated to RZS , is a conservative political party in Bulgaria .
Ulhówek ( ulˈxuvɛk ) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
St Joseph 's Māori Girls ' College or Hato Hōhepa is a Catholic , integrated , boarding and day college in Taradale , New Zealand for girls in Year 7 to Year 13 .
Il Bolaghi ( Persian : ايل بلاغي ‎ , also Romanized as Īl Bolāghī and Īlbolāghī ; also known as Shāh Bolāghī ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lake Milh ( Arabic : بحيرة ملح‎ , literally Sea of Salt , pronounced Bahr al - Milh ) , also known as Razzaza Lake , is located a few miles west of Karbala , Iraq ( 32 ° 41′N 43 ° 40′E ) .
Wöllmarshausen is a village in the Garte valley in the municipality ( Gemeinde ) Gleichen in the district Göttingen , Germany .
The Ermita de San Antonio de Padua ( `` Chapel of St. Anthony of Padua '' ) is n chapel located on the slopes of Monte Hacho in Ceuta , one of Spain 's city in the North of Africa .
Cootamundra is a town in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales , Australia and within the Riverina .
Svetlograd ( Russian : Светлогра́д ) is a town and the administrative center of Petrovsky District in Stavropol Krai , Russia , located on the Kalaus River , 85 kilometers ( 53 mi ) northeast of Stavropol , the administrative center of the krai .
Sandland Chapel ( Norwegian : Sandland kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kysak railway station ( Slovak : Železničná stanica Kysak ) serves the village and municipality of Kysak , in the Košice Region , eastern Slovakia .
Market Street , Fremantle is the location of the Fremantle Post Office in Fremantle , Western Australia .
Las Leñas is one of the largest Andean ski resorts in Argentina , located in the western part of Mendoza Province , together with Cerro Catedral in San Carlos de Bariloche , Rio Negro province .
Amparihy - Bejofo is a town in western Madagascar in Mahajanga Province approximately 150 kilometres south - west of Mahajanga .
In 2002 Sisler High School 's partnership with IBM was recognized with the `` Conference Board of Canada RBC Royal Bank Partners in Education '' Award .
Sabz Gajin ( Persian : سبزگجين‎ , also Romanized as Sabz Gajīn ; also known as Sabz Kajīn ) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Uhersko ( literally Hungaria in Czech ) is a small village near Holice in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Shire of Kondinin is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 300 kilometres ( 186 mi ) east of the state capital , Perth .
Anton Diabelli , composer , born in Mattsee on September 6 , 1781 , died on April 8 , 1858 in Vienna Dorothea Seyss - Inquart , daughter of Arthur Seyss - Inquart ( born 7 May 1928 , still alive as of 2008 , living in Mattsee , Upper Austria ) .
Dublin Docklands ( Irish : Ceantar Dugaí Átha Cliath ) is an area of the city of Dublin , Ireland , on both sides of the River Liffey , roughly from Talbot Memorial Bridge eastwards to the 3Arena .
Beda Fomm is a small coastal town in southwestern Cyrenaica , Libya located between the much larger port city Benghazi to its north and the larger town of El Agheila further to the southwest .
Mazraeh - ye Bahram Pishgar ( Persian : مزرعه بهرام پيشگر‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bahrām Pīshgar ) is a village in Sefidar Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Anatom Airport ( IATA : AUY , ICAO : NVVA ) , also known as Aneityum Airport , is an airfield serving the island of Anatom ( Aneityum ) , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu .
Construction of the Royal City Curling Club in New Westminster , British Columbia , Canada , began in August 1965 , and was completed in January 1966 .
Bray Daly railway station ( Stáisiún Bhré / Uí Dhálaigh in Irish ) is a station situated in Bray in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Mayfield Falls is a waterfall in Jamaica that comprises twenty one widely spaced small cascades on the Mayfield River , a tributary of the Cabarita River Mayfield Falls is in Glenbrook Westmoreland Jamaica .
Adityapur is a town in India named after Raja Aditya Pratap Singh Deo , the last ruler of Saraikela .
Hondura de Huebra is a small village in the Barbalos municipality of Salamanca , Spain .
Qeshlaq - e Sadi Kandi ( Persian : قشلاق سدي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Sadī Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Rajiv Gandhi Combined Cycle Power Plant ( also known as Rajiv Gandhi CCPP Kayamkulam or NTPC Kayamkulam ) is a combined cycle power plant located at Choolatheruvu in Alappuzha district , Kerala , India .
Sarkhai Beyglu ( Persian : سرخاي بيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Sarkhāī Beyglū ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Plessala ( Breton : Plesala ) is a former commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Beniamin ( Armenian : Բենիամին ; until 1945 , Jlovkhan or Chlokhan ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Dulalthok is a village located in Panchkhal Municipality of Kabhrepalanchok , Nepal .
The Rail Accident Investigation Branch ( RAIB ) is a British government agency that investigates rail accidents in the United Kingdom and the Channel Tunnel in order to find a cause , not to lay blame .
Laiuse Castle ( Estonian : Laiuse ordulinnus , German : Schloß Lais ) was a Livonian Order castle in Laiusevälja , Jõgeva Parish , Estonia .
The Zec de la Grande - Rivière is a `` zone d'exploitation contrôlée '' ( controlled harvesting zone ) ( zec ) in the unorganized territory of Mont - Alexandre , in Le Rocher - Percé Regional County Municipality , in administrative region of Gaspésie - Îles - de - la - Madeleine , in Quebec , in Canada .
The Naalakkersuisut is the Government of Greenland , who are responsible for the administration of the Greenlandic Self - Government .
Mali Okič ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈoːkitʃ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cirkulane in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia .
The Rabulist riots or Crusenstolpe riots ( Swedish Crusenstolpe - kravallerna ) took place in Stockholm , Sweden , in summer 1838 following the Lèse - majesté conviction of journalist Magnus Jacob Crusenstolpe .
Hansa Emporium ( Finnish : Hansakortteli ) is a shopping centre in the city centre of Turku , in Finland .
Brzozowo - Chrzczony ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Investigator Group Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located in the Investigator Group of islands off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia between 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) to 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) south - west of Elliston .
Kidomole is a town in southern Tanzania , lying on the coastal plain .
Dalelnagar is a town located in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
North Reef Light is an active lighthouse located on North Reef , a 5.6 square kilometres ( 2.2 sq mi ) planar reef , about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northeast of Gladstone , Queensland , Australia in the Capricorn and Bunker Group .
Shanti Nagar ( Urdu : شانتی نگر‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulshan Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Bir - e Rasul Bakhsh ( Persian : بيررسول بخش‎ , also Romanized as Bīr - e Rasūl Bakhsh ; also known as Bīr ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Prazzo is comune of the province of Cuneo , in Piedmont , northern Italy .
Gatersleben ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡaːtɐsleːbən ) ) is a village and a former municipality in the district Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Kudat Division is an administrative division in the state of Sabah , Malaysia .
The Camaquã River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kamakuˈɐ̃ or kamaˈkwɐ̃ ) ) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil .
Punta Indio Naval Air Base ( Spanish : Base Aeronaval Punta Indio , ICAO : SAAI ) is a military airport operated by the Argentine Naval Aviation located near Punta Indio , Buenos Aires province , Argentina .
Museu de la Xocolata ( Catalan for `` Museum of Chocolate '' ) is a private museum in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , owned by the Gremi de Pastisseria de Barcelona ( the city pastry - makers ' guild ) .
Berisso is the seat of the partido of Berisso in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Wrzosowa ( vʐɔˈsɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Holit ( Hebrew : חוֹלִית , lit . Dune ) is a kibbutz in the Hevel Shalom region of south - west Israel .
Dešen ( pronounced ( ˈdəʃən ) ; in older sources also Dešnje , German : Deschne ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Bedok Mall ( Chinese : 勿落广场 ) is a large suburban shopping mall in Bedok , Singapore and part of a mixed development compromising of retail and residential development that is integrated with a bus interchange , which opened on 30 November 2014 .
El Musel is a seaport located in Asturias , in the north of Spain , and in the middle point of the Cantabrian Sea coast it has the Port of Gijón which is a gateway to Europe through the A-66 and A-8 highways , allowing direct access to the western and centre of the Iberian Peninsula .
Karim Moharab ( Persian : كريم محارب‎ , also Romanized as Karīm Moḥārab ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mago River ( or Magi River ) is a river of southern Ethiopia , entirely located in the Debub Omo Zone of the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and People 's Region .
Snarum Station ( originally Lofthus Station ) is a railway station on the Krøder Line in Buskerud , Norway .
Tamaulipas State Highway 1 is a highway that stretches form Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas Mexico west to Nuevo Leon State Highway 1 on the Nuevo Leon / Tamaulipas borderline .
Kasejovice is a town in the Czech Republic , part of the Plzeň - south District .
Untvad is a village near the Taluka headquarters Babra in Amreli district of Gujarat in the country of India .
The Water Avenue Bridge is a highway bridge that carries the Trans Canada Highway across the Fraser river .
Westlock ( Hnatko Farms ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CHF3 ) , is located 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) west of Westlock , Alberta , Canada .
Tel Te'omim ( Hebrew : תֵּל תְּאוֹמִים ) is a communal settlement in the Beit She'an valley in northern Israel .
The Swedish Institute at Athens ( Swedish : Svenska Institutet I Athen ; Greek : Σουηδικό Ινστιτούτο Αθηνών ) is one of the 17 foreign archaeological institutes operating in Athens , Greece .
The Villa di Castello , in the hills near Florence , Tuscany , central Italy , was the country residence of Cosimo I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany ( 1519 - 1574 ) .
Golasowice ( ɡɔlasɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice , within Pszczyna County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Seaport - Airport Road ( SPAP Road ) is a four - lane , 30 km ( 19 mi ) highway from Cochin seaport to the Cochin International Airport developed to improve the transport infrastructure in the Kochi city , India .
The ruins of Žumberk Castle ( Czech : Hrad Žumberk ) can be found next to the village of Žumberk in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Doroodzan Dam is an earthen dam in Fars Province , Iran , about 85 kilometres ( 53 mi ) north of Shiraz .
Lousã ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( lowˈzɐ̃ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Coimbra , in the central part of Portugal .
The Barbuda People 's Movement for Change is a political party in Barbuda , part of Antigua and Barbuda .
Kakaban island is part of the Derawan Islands , East Kalimantan , Indonesia .
The Canadian National Vimy Memorial is a memorial site in France dedicated to the memory of Canadian Expeditionary Force members killed during the First World War .
Mukhrovani ( Georgian : მუხროვანი ) is a village in Kakheti , Georgia , within which is a military base involved in the 2009 Georgian troop mutiny and an earlier mutiny by 60 soldiers on December 20 , 2004 .
The American School of Paris ( ASP ) is a private coeducational day school located in Saint - Cloud , a suburb of Paris , France .
Rheinsberg is a town and a municipality in the Ostprignitz - Ruppin district , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Basqynshy ( Kazakh : Басқұншы ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
As of 2011 population census of India , Adirampattinam has a population of 31,066 Males constitute 47.95%(14897 ) of the population and females 52.04%(16169 ) .
Hamm ( German pronunciation : ( ˈham ) , Latin : Hammona ) is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Lokaltog A / S ( Danish : Local Train ) is a Danish railway company responsible for train operation and related passenger services on nine local railways on the islands of Zealand , Lolland and Falster in Denmark .
Hallingskeid Station ( Norwegian : Hallingskeid stasjon ) is a train station on the Bergensbanen line in the municipality of Ulvik in Hordaland county , Norway .
Jagodina Airport is situated in the close vicinity of Jagodina , Serbia about 5 kilometres northwest of town centre .
The Old Gaffers Association ( OGA - The Association for Gaff Rig Sailing ) is an unincorporated association formed in 1963 in the United Kingdom to promote the use of the Gaff rig .
Ayjan ( Persian : ايجان‎ , also Romanized as Ayjān , Ejān , and Eyjān ; also known as Ichān and Īshān ) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mtirala National Park ( Georgian : მტირალას ეროვნული პარკი ; meaning `` to cry '' ; previously , Tsiskara Reserve ) is a protected area in Adjara region , Georgia .
Barabai is the capital city of Hulu Sungai Tengah Regency , South Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Lake Segozero ( Russian : Сегозеро , Finnish : Seesjärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , northwestern part of Russia .
Saint Petersburg State University of Service and Economics ( Russian : Санкт-Петербургский государственный университет сервиса и экономики ) was a university in Russia , located in Saint Petersburg .
Mestervik Chapel ( Norwegian : Mestervik kapell / Meistervik kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Balsfjord in Troms county , Norway .
West Island Conservation Park is a protected area occupying both West Island and Seal Island in coastal waters near Victor Harbor in South Australia .
Burane is a town in the southeastern Shabeellaha Dhexe province of Somalia .
The Jardin botanique des Pyrénées occidentales , associated with the specialist nursery Florama , is a private botanical garden and arboretum located at 42 , route de Morlaàs , Saint - Jammes , Pyrénées - Atlantiques , Aquitaine , France .
Mowtowr - e Ali Qasem ( Persian : موتورعلي قاسم‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAlī Qāsem ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Stortorget ( Swedish : The Big Square ) is a small public square in Gamla Stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Bérchules is a village and municipality in the central Alpujarra , in the province of Granada in Spain .
These page shows the results of the 2004 European Beach Volleyball Championships , held from June 9 to June 13 , 2004 in Timmendorfer Strand , Germany .
Tadjena ( Arabic : تدجنة‎ ) ( formerly Fromentin ) is a town in the Dahra mountains in Chlef Province in central Algeria , with a population of about 23,000 ; its altitude is 438 m.
Villa Muti is a villa in Frascati , Italy , now in the communal territory of Grottaferrata .
Dhok Gujran is a landfill near Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
Rignabatak ( Persian : ريگ نباتك‎ , also Romanized as Rīgnabātak ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wäiski is a restaurant ship located in Merihaka , Helsinki , Finland .
Leskovca ( pronounced ( ˈleːskɔu̯tsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Roodepoort is a city in the Greater Johannesburg area , Gauteng , South Africa .
Jedwabne ( ( jɛdˈvabnɛ ) ; Yiddish : יעדוואבנע‎ , Yedvabna ) is a town in Poland , in the Podlaskie Voivodeship , in Łomża County , with 1,942 inhabitants ( 2002 ) .
Beni Suef , ( Egyptian Arabic : بنى سويف Baniswēf , IPA : ( bænisˈweːf ) ; Coptic : Ⲡⲁⲛⲓⲥⲱϥ Panisōf ) is the capital city of the Beni Suef Governorate in Egypt .
Lima Gavabar ( Persian : ليماگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Līmā Gavābar ; also known as Līmā Gūr ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Centre Algerien de la Cinematographie is a film archive in Algeria .
Mvuma is a small mining town in Midlands province in Zimbabwe .
Osęka ( ɔˈsɛŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gozdnica ( ɡɔzdˈɲit͡sa ) ( German : Freiwaldau ) is a town in Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , Poland , with 3,804 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Tradate is a city and comune located in the province of Varese , in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
Abughilan National Park is a national park of Libya .
Orehovo ( pronounced ( ɔˈɾeːxɔʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Yarra Hills Secondary College ( formerly Pembroke Secondary College ) is a secondary school in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia .
The Trenčín Castle ( Slovak : Trenčiansky hrad , Hungarian : trencséni vár ) is a castle above the town of Trenčín in western Slovakia .
The Bogor Botanical Gardens ( Indonesian : Kebun Raya Bogor ) is a botanical garden located in Bogor , Indonesia , 60 km south of Jakarta .
Kvissel is a small village and railway town in Vendsyssel , Denmark .
Absharan - e Sofla ( Persian : ابشاران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ābshārān - e Soflá ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bambuyan ( Persian : بمبويان‎ , also Romanized as Bambūyān ; also known as Bambeyūn and Bambīūn ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Parakkai Lake is a lake in Kanniyakumari district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
01708 is the national dialling code for Romford in the United Kingdom .
The Order of Leopold II is an order of Belgium and is named in honor of King Léopold II . The decoration was established on 24 August 1900 by Leopold II as king of the Congo Free State and was in 1908 , upon Congo being handed over to Belgium , incorporated into the Belgian awards system .
Kalewa is a town at the confluence of the Chindwin River and the Myittha River in Kale District , Sagaing Division of northwestern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
NorGer is one of planned electricity cables between Germany and Norway .
Bir Hadaj ( Arabic : بئر هداج‎ ; Hebrew : ' ביר הדאג‎ ) is a Bedouin agricultural town located in the Negev desert , near Revivim , Israel .
Sizihwan ( Chinese : 西子灣 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Xīzǐwān ; Tongyong Pinyin : Sizǐhwan ) is a community in Gushan District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan , named for the adjacent bay of the Taiwan Strait , also called Sizihwan .
Okstindan is a mountain range which lies in the inner Helgeland district in Nordland county , Norway .
K. L. Arya DAV Public School is a public , English medium , senior secondary co - educational school situated in Hisar city of Haryana , India .
Kovanluk is a suburban community in the municipality of Kraljevo , Serbia .
Cherrybrook Technology High School is a purpose built Technology High School located at 28 - 44 Purchase Road , Cherrybrook NSW , Australia .
Añorbe is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Duncan Down is an open , public , area to the south west of Whitstable and is the largest village green in the United Kingdom .
Mullins Harbour is a natural harbour on the southeastern coast of Milne Bay Province , Papua New Guinea .
Pontgibaud is a commune in the Puy - de - Dôme départment in Auvergne in central France .
Boulevard Anspach ( French ) or Anspachlaan ( Dutch ) is a major boulevard in the city centre of Brussels , Belgium , connecting the Place de Brouckère / de Brouckèreplein to the Place Fontainas / Fontainasplein .
Rozwozin ( rɔzˈvɔʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jagestan ( Persian : جگستان‎ , also Romanized as Jagestān ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ważyny ( vaˈʐɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Yeniqışlaq ( also , Imeni Dvadtsat''-Shesti Bakinskiskikh Komissarov , Yeni - Kishlag , Yeni - Kishlak , and Yenikyshlak ) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Öyrət ( also , Oryat ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Huapai is a locality north - west of Auckland , New Zealand .
Hi - Fi Centar was a record label based in Belgrade , Serbia .
Məşədiqulular ( also , Meshadikulular ) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Horbategh ( Armenian : Հորբատեղ , also Romanized as Gorbatekh , Orbatekh , and Gorbatakh ) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
Lundehaugen Upper Secondary School ( Norwegian : Lundehaugen videregående skole ) was an upper secondary school in the municipality of Sandnes , Norway .
Akim Oda is a town in south Ghana and is the capital of the Birim Central Municipal District , a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana .
Wat Phra Phutthabat ( Thai : วัดพระพุทธบาท ) is a Buddhist temple in Saraburi , Thailand .
Compaq at one point operated its Switzerland offices in Bassersdorf .
The Setia Alam Highway or Persiaran Setia Alam , Federal Route is a major highway in Selangor , Malaysia .
The Plaza de la Candelaria , is a square in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( Canary Islands , Spain ) , which is located next to the Plaza de España .
Néfiach ( Catalan : Nefiac ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Qezel Qaleh - ye Pain ( Persian : قزل قلعه پائين‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Qal``eh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 106 , in 20 families .
The Valle Germanasca is a valley in the province of Turin , Piedmont , north - western Italy run by the Germanasca stream , a right affluent of the Chisone .
The Spanish Legion ( Spanish : Legión Española , La Legión ) , informally known as the Tercio or the Tercios , is a unit of the Spanish Army and Spain 's Rapid Reaction Force .
Zawiaty ( zaˈvjatɨ ) ( Kashubian : Zôwiat , German Saviat , 1938 - 1945 Seeblick ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Zasip ( pronounced ( ˈzaːsip ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dzhany - Alysh ( also Jany - Alysh or Atayke ) is a village in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Church of La Concepción ( in Spanish : iglesia de la Concepción ) is a neogothic catholic temple in Madrid , Spain .
Frøyset Church ( Norwegian : Frøyset kyrkje ) is a parish church in Masfjorden in Hordaland county , Norway .
Starominskaya ( Russian : Староминская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Starominsky District in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Quriwasi ( Quechua quri gold , wasi house , `` gold house '' , hispanicized spelling Corihuasi ) is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Paornivik Island is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Vypuchki ( Ukrainian : Випучки , German : Ugartsberg , Polish : Wypuczki or Wypuczko ) is an abandoned village in Drohobych Raion , Lviv Oblast , in west Ukraine .
Chiatura ( Georgian : ჭიათურა ) is a city in the Imereti region of Western Georgia .
Sveriges Television AB ( SVT , Swedish : ( ˈsværjɛs tɛlɛvɪˈɧuːn ) ) , Sweden 's Television , is the Swedish national public TV broadcaster , funded by a television licence fee payable by all owners of television sets , and set by the Riksdag .
Kvamskogen ( lit . Kvam forest ) is a mountain plateau in the Hardanger region of Hordaland county , Norway .
Nierybie ( ɲɛˈrɨbjɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Uppland Runic Inscription 210 or U 210 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runic inscription which is carved on a rock - face that is located in Åsta , which is three kilometers east of Vallentuna , Stockholm County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Uppland .
Talamone is a town in Tuscany , on the west coast of central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Orbetello , province of Grosseto , in the Tuscan Maremma .
Sandsfjorden or Sandsfjord is a fjord in Suldal Municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Chetaïbi ( formerly Herbillon ) is a small fishing port in Annaba Province , Algeria located at approximately 70 km in the west of Annaba .
The Milton Ulladulla Times is an English language newspaper published in Ulladulla New South Wales , Australia .
Al Falaah College is an alternative , independent school situated in the coastal city of Durban , in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Manof ( Hebrew : מָנוֹף ) is a community settlement in the Misgav Regional Council in northern Israel .
Dəmbəlov ( also , Tambalau ) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Mississauga Transitway is a bus rapid transit system ( BRT ) under construction in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , spanning most of the city from Winston Churchill Boulevard to the junction of Highways 401 and 427 in the city of Toronto .
The Rocky Hollow Log Ride is a log flume located in the Rocky Hollow section of the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Hanoi Architectural University ( other name : Hanoi University of Architecture , Vietnamese : Đại học Kiến trúc Hà Nội ) is a public research university located in Hanoi , Vietnam , specializing in architecture , planning , and civil engineering education and research .
The Museum of Precinema ( in Italian : Museo del Precinema ) is a museum in the Palazzo Angeli , Prato della Valle , Padua , Italy , related to the history of precinema , or precursors of film .
The Gulf of Salerno is a gulf of the Tyrrhenian Sea in the coast of the province of Salerno in south - western Italy .
Gaillac ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡajak ) ; Occitan : Galhac ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Neubrandenburg Airport ( IATA : FNB , ICAO : EDBN ) is a public airport and former military airbase located in Trollenhagen , some 6 km ( 3.7 miles ) north - east of Neubrandenburg in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Nostang ( Breton : Lostenk ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Melia Barcelona Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
General Enrique Martínez , also known as La Charqueada , is a village in the Treinta y Tres Department of eastern Uruguay .
Hadžići ( Cyrillic : Хаџићи ) is a town and a municipality located south west of Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Le Morne Brabant is a peninsula at the extreme southwestern tip of the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius on the windward side of the island .
The Muséum de Toulouse , sometimes known as MHNT or Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle de la ville de Toulouse , is a museum of natural history in Toulouse , France .
Aydarly ( Kazakh : Айдарлы ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Woszczele ( vɔʂˈt͡ʂɛlɛ ) ( German : Woszczellen ( 1928 - 38:Woszellen ; 1938 - 45:Neumalken ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Amuda or Amouda ( Arabic : عامودا‎ ' Āmūdā , Kurdish : Amûdê‎ ) is a town in Al Hasakah Governorate ) in northeastern Syria close to the border with Turkey .
Shanbeh Bar Gah ( Persian : شنبه بر گاه‎ , also Romanized as Shanbeh Bar Gāh ) is a village in Ashar Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cagnina di Romagna is an Italian wine - producing zone in Emilia - Romagna region , in northeastern Italy .
The Almus Dam ( Almus Barajı in Turkish ) is an earthen embankment dam that is near the town of Almus ( 28 kilometers East of Tokat city in center north of Turkey ) and is located on the River Yesilirmak which runs into the Black Sea .
Dhanbad Airport ( IATA : DBD , ICAO : VEDB ) is a public airport located at Dhanbad , in the state of Jharkhand , India .
Lycksjön is a lake of Södermanland , Sweden , inside the Tyresta National Park .
Sveto ( pronounced ( sʋɛˈtoː ) ; Italian : Sutta ) is a village northwest of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Surjani Town ( Urdu : سرجانی ٹاؤن‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Belcodène is a commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches - du - Rhône in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Fauvillers ( German : Feitweiler , Luxembourgish : Fäteler , Walloon : Faiviè ) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg .
The branch office FH federation ( specialist area public security ) Heimerzheim serves among other things the Federal Intelligence Service ( Bundesnachrichtendienst ) , the Federal Criminal Police Office ( Germany ) ( Bundeskriminalamt ) as well as the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( Verfassungsschutz ) as training centre .
Yahar ( Persian : يهر‎ ) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Bunčići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бунчићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Mälaren Line ( Swedish : Mälarbanan ) is a railway line from Stockholm via Västerås to Örebro in Sweden .
Najran ( Arabic : نجران‎ Najrān ) , is a city in southwestern Saudi Arabia near the border with Yemen .
Wójeczka ( vuˈjɛt͡ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kršanje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кршање ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
Otakhlar is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lauwaki is the second largest village ( after Viseisei ) in the Vuda district , Ba Province in the Western side of Viti Levu , Fiji .
Marinella di Selinunte is a frazione in Castelvetrano in Trapani Province , Sicily , Italy .
The Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto ( FEUP ) is the engineering faculty of the University of Porto , in Porto , Portugal .
To start with , Theater der Zeit provided information about theatre in the fledgling German Democratic Republic ( GDR , AKA East Germany ) and abroad .
Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center ( commonly referred to as Ichilov Hospital ) is the main hospital serving Tel Aviv , Israel , and its metropolitan area .
The Bourke Isles are a group of islands in the Torres Strait Islands archipelago , located west of the Cumberland Passage in the Torres Strait in Queensland , Australia .
Ilougane : is a small village located in the outskirts of Béjaïa and its neighbouring Bordj Bou Arréridj in Algeria .
Luotian County ( simplified Chinese : 罗田县 ; traditional Chinese : 羅田縣 ; pinyin : Luótián Xiàn ) is a county of eastern Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
The Ritz - Carlton Toronto is a hotel and luxury condominium skyscraper in Toronto , Canada .
Cape Naturaliste is a headland in the south western region of Western Australia at the western edge of the Geographe Bay .
Vladimir - Volynsky Uyezd was an administrative subdivision ( an uyezd ) of Volhynian Governorate in the Russian Empire .
Wacca Airport ( IATA : WAC , ICAO : HAWC ) ( also known as Tarche Soddo ) is an airfield in Wacca , Ethiopia .
Wujuh al - Hajar ( Arabic : وجه الحجر‎ , also spelled Woojeh al - Hajjar ) is a village in western Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , southwest of Homs .
German submarine U-599 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was a member of four wolfpacks , carried out one patrol and sank no ships .
Pijavice ( pronounced ( piˈjaːʋitsɛ ) ; German : Piauze ) is a small settlement in the Mirna Valley in southeastern Slovenia .
Magallanes National Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Nacional Magallanes ) is a national reserve of southern Chile 's Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region .
The Saône ( French : La Saône French pronunciation : ​(soːn ) ; Arpitan Sona , Latin : Arar ) is a river of eastern France .
Łukom ( ˈwukɔm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Australasian Athletics Championships was an athletics competition between male athletes principally from Australia and New Zealand that was held between 1893 and 1927 .
Edsåsdalen is an alpine ski area in the Åre Municipality in Jämtland County , Sweden .
The Carbajal Valley ( Spanish : Valle Carbajal ) is located in the Fuegian Andes of southern Tierra del Fuego Province , Argentina .
Q'illu Pachaka ( Quechua q'illu yellow , hispanicized spelling Jellopachaca ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Togdheer River ( Somali Wabi Togdheer ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer region of northern Somalia .
Wola Osowińska ( ˈvɔla ɔsɔˈviɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Teen Darwaza is a historical gateway on the east of Bhadra Fort , Ahmedabad , India .
The Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee is the diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America that covers roughly Middle Tennessee .
Qukës is a former municipality in the Elbasan County , eastern Albania .
The Swedish Transport Administration ( Swedish : Trafikverket ) is a government agency in Sweden .
Amaras Monastery ( Armenian : Ամարաս վանք ) is an Armenian monastery in the disputed region of Nagorno - Karabakh , near the village of Sos in the Martuni Province of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic , de jure in the Khojavend District of Azerbaijan .
Vidy is an area of the city of Lausanne ( Switzerland ) , on the shores of Lake Geneva ( French : lac Léman ) .
Forssa Airfield ( ICAO : EFFO ) is an airfield in Forssa , Finland , about 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) southeast of Forssa town centre .
The Covurlui Plain is located in Galați County , Romania , having an altitude varying between 60 and 200 metres .
Post independence of India , Alipore became popular among the business elite of the city and a large number of them set up home .
Żmigród ( ˈʐmiɡrut ) ( German : Trachenberg ) is a town in Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Diakonisches Werk is a charitable organization of Protestant churches in Germany ( Evangelical Church in Germany ) , Austria as well as numerous free churches .
Sichan Bolaghi ( Persian : سي چان بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Sīchān Bolāghī ; also known as Sechān Bolāghī and Sīchān Bolāgh ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vilar de Mouros is a civil parish ( `` freguesia '' ) in the municipality of Caminha , Portugal .
Mooroolbark College is a government secondary school situated in Victoria , Australia , near the Dandenong Ranges and the Yarra Valley .
Hotel Danieli , formerly Palazzo Dandolo , is a five - star palatial hotel in Venice , Italy .
Škrajnek ( pronounced ( ˈʃkɾaːi̯nɛk ) ; in older sources also Skranjek ) is a small settlement north of Velike Poljane in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
The Young Christian Democrats ( Swedish : Kristdemokratiska ungdomsförbundet , KDU ) is the youth organization of the Christian Democrats in Sweden .
The Argonaut Rowing Club is an amateur rowing club in Toronto , Canada .
Gugeh ( Persian : گوگه‎ , also Romanized as Gūgeh ; also known as Gūger ) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Masen ( Persian : ماسن‎ , also Romanized as Māsen ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bakhchysarai Raion ( Ukrainian : Бахчисарайський район ; Russian : Бахчисарайский район ; Crimean Tatar : Bağçasaray rayonı ) is one of the 25 regions of Crimea , currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine .
Petrushkovo ( Russian : Петрушково ) is a village ( selo ) in Shablykinsky District of Oryol Oblast , Russia .
Lago di Ceresole is an artificial lake in the Province of Turin , Piedmont , northern Italy .
Nandoni Dam ( Nandoni meaning `` the iron smelting ovens '' in Venda language ) , previously known as the Mutoti Dam , is an earth - fill / concrete type dam in Limpopo province , South Africa .
Karl Johans gate is the main street of the city of Oslo , Norway .
Ajjampura ( PIN-577547 ) is a small town and a hobli headquarters in Tarikere Taluk in the district of Chikmagalur , Karnataka , India .
Q'atawini ( Aymara q'atawi lime , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with lime '' , hispanicized spelling Catahuini ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Khökh Serkh ( Mongolian : Хөх сэрх , blue buck ) with a latitude of 48.05 ( 48 ° 3 ' 2 N ) and a longitude of 90.87 ( 90 ° 51 ' 59 E ) , is a mountain located in west Mongolia .
The Balfrin Höhenweg is a high level footpath in Switzerland between Grachen and Saas - Fee and is part of the Monte Rosa tour .
Greåker is a borough in the city of Sarpsborg , Norway , located 7 km west of the city centre .
Stara ( ˈstara ) is a village in the administrative district on Gmina Aleksandrów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Namsos Church ( Norwegian : Namsos kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Słuszków ( ˈswuʂkuf ) is a village in Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kyuquot ( pronounced `` ky YOO kit '' ) is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations Indian reserve community located on Kyuquot Sound on northwestern Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
The Rajasthan Atomic Power Station ( RAPS ; also Rajasthan Atomic Power Project - RAPP ) in India is located about 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) from Kota by way of the Chambal River , approximately 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) above the dam that holds the Rana Pratap Sagar lake .
Krstac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крстац ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Guča .
Langroya is a village situated on Chandigarh Road near Nawanshahr in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar district , Punjab , India .
Roskilde Museum is a local history museum based in Roskilde , Denmark .
The Purdy Islands ( or Mwilitau Islands ) are an uninhabited island group in the Bismarck Sea , belonging to Papua New Guinea .
Nesseby Church ( Norwegian : Nesseby kirke ) is a parish church in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Ganaoni ( also spelled Nganoni ) is a town in northern Ivory Coast .
Vysotsko ( Ukrainian : Висоцько ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Daşoguz Airport ( also spelled Dashoguz ) is a provincial airport located 15 km . southwest of Daşoguz in Turkmenistan .
Sejny County ( Polish : powiat sejneński ) a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship , in the extreme north - east of Poland , on the border with Lithuania and Belarus .
Lachareh ( Persian : لچره‎ ; also known as Lacharā ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Qalamu ( Persian : قلمو‎ , also Romanized as Qalamū ) is a village in Rostam - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Prats - de - Mollo - la - Preste ( Catalan : Prats de Molló i la Presta ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France , near the border with Spain and the Autonomous Community of Catalonia .
Tilst is a suburban area of Aarhus , Denmark , situated some 10 km to the west of Aarhus .
Orzepowice ( German : Orzupowitz ) is a district of Rybnik , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Sabakzai Dam is an embankment dam on the Sawar Rud , a tributary of Zhob River , about 68 km South West of Zhob in Balochistan , Pakistan .
The 24 Hours of Le Mans ( French : 24 Heures du Mans ) is the world 's oldest active sports car race in endurance racing , held annually since 1923 near the town of Le Mans , France .
Viterra Inc grew into a global agri - business with operations in Canada , the United States , Australia , New Zealand and China .
The Gokak Falls is a waterfall located on the Ghataprabha River in Belagavi district of Karnataka , India .
The Santiago Mariño Municipality is one of the 18 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Aragua and , according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 211,010 .
Villa Mondragone is a patrician villa originally in the territory of the Italian commune of Frascati ( Latium , central Italy ) , now in the territory of Monte Porzio Catone ( Alban Hills ) .
Sooniste ( German : Soinitz ) is a village in Märjamaa Parish , Rapla County in western Estonia .
The Koka Reservoir ( also known as Lake Gelila ) is a reservoir in south - central Ethiopia .
Doomadgee Airport ( IATA : DMD , ICAO : YDMG ) is an airport in Doomadgee , Queensland , Australia .
The Deir ez - Zor suspension bridge ( Arabic : جسر دير الزور المعلق‎ ) was a pedestrian suspension bridge crossing the Euphrates River , in the city of Deir ez - Zor in north - eastern Syria .
Although the open three wing layout of the palace was established in France as the canonical solution as early as the 16th century , it was the Palais du Luxembourg ( 1615 - -20 ) by Salomon de Brosse that determined the sober and classicizing direction that French Baroque architecture was to take .
Banggai Island is the second largest of the Banggai Islands , an archipelago located at the far eastern end of Central Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Vylathur is a village in Thrissur district in Kerala state in south India , close to Guruvayoor .
Mordab Sar ( Persian : مردابسر‎ , also Romanized as Mordāb Sar ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Surinam Airways ( Dutch : Surinaamse Luchtvaart Maatschappij ) , also known by its initials SLM , is the flag carrier of Suriname , based in Paramaribo .
Wilczek Island , ( Остров Вильчека ; Ostrov Vil'cheka ) is located in the southeastern end of Franz Josef Land , Russia .
Ancona Point , Ontario is located in the former Township of Verulam , Ontario within the city of Kawartha Lakes , Ontario , Canada , and lies on Sturgeon Lake , 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) along County Road 24 south - west of Bobcaygeon , Ontario .
Tirna ( pronounced ( ˈtiːɾna ) ) is a settlement west of Šentlambert in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Kalateh - ye Hizomi ( Persian : كلاته هيزمي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Hīzomī ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Hezmī ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Gravenhurst High School is a secondary school in Gravenhurst , Ontario , Canada , established in 1896 .
In pre - Columbian times before the Conquerors ' arrival , Zinacantán already had strong links with the Aztecs in the Central Zone of Mexico .
Shwebo Township ( Burmese : ရွှေဘိုမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Shwebo District in the Sagaing Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Slavery in the United States was the legal institution of human chattel slavery that existed in the United States of America in the 18th and 19th centuries after it gained independence and before the end of the American Civil War .
Castlereagh International Dragway was a drag racing venue in the outer suburbs of Sydney , Australia used between 1947 and 1984 .
Government Saadat College ( Bengali : সরকারী সা'দত কলেজ ) is a public college in Karatia , Tangail , Bangladesh .
Polish cuisine is a style of cooking and food preparation originating in or widely popular in Poland .
The Anglican Diocese of Bunbury is located in the south of Western Australia .
The Bijlmerbajes is a prison complex in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , near the Amsterdam Amstel railway station .
Gebouw Delftse Poort ( English : Delft Gate Building ) is a twin - tower skyscraper complex at Weena 505 next to the Rotterdam Centraal railway station in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
The Kaimanawa Range of mountains ( often known as the Kaimanawa Ranges ) is located in the central North Island of New Zealand .
Yar Ahmadlu ( Persian : ياراحمدلو‎ , also Romanized as Yār Aḩmadlū ) is a village in Karasf Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Gedved is a small town with a population of 2,104 ( 1 January 2014 ) in Horsens municipality located between Skanderborg and Horsens in the middle eastern Jutland in Denmark 's Region Midtjylland .
Zakharuiyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زاخروئيه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
École secondaire catholique Saint - Frère - André is a French - language Roman Catholic high school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Rochowo ( rɔˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bodaybo ( Russian : Бодайбо ; IPA : ( bədɐjˈbo ) ) is a town and the administrative center of Bodaybinsky District in Irkutsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Vitim River at its confluence with the Bodaybo River , located 1,290 kilometers ( 800 mi ) from Irkutsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Samilan - e Bala ( Persian : سميلان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Samīlān - e Bālā ; also known as Samīlān ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Victorian Goldfields Railway is a 1,600 mm ( 5 ft 3 in ) broad gauge tourist railway in Victoria , Australia .
Lulunga is an island group and a district in Haʻapai administrative division of the Kingdom of Tonga .
The Dreischusterspitze ( Italian : Punta dei Tre Scarperi ) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Sirči ( pronounced ( ˈsiːɾtʃi ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Gruszka Duża - Kolonia ( ˈɡruʂka ˈduʐa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village , in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kfar Bialik ( Hebrew : כְּפַר בְּיַאלִיק , lit . Bialik Village ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Doveyreh ( Persian : دويره‎ ; also known as Dowbeyreh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mandalay University ( also translated as University of Mandalay ; Burmese : မန္တလေးတက္ကသိုလ် ( màɴdəlé tɛʔkəθò ) ) is a public liberal arts university located in Mandalay , Myanmar .
Jongkhar is a small town in southern Bhutan near the border with India .
The Energy and Utilities Board ( EUB ) was the governing body of the energy industry in the province of Alberta , Canada .
El Tarròs ( Spanish : Tarrós ) is a small village in Tornabous municipality , in the Urgell , in Catalonia , Spain .
Rabat ( Arabic : ar - Ribaaṭ الرباط‎ ; Berber : ⴰⵕⴱⴰⵟ Aṛbaṭ ) is the capital of Morocco and its seventh largest city center with an urban population of approximately 580,000 ( 2014 ) and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million .
Bielinek ( bjɛˈlinɛk ) ( German : Bellinchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Bahavar ( Persian : بهاور‎ , also Romanized as Bahāvar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Icononzo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ikoˈnonso ) ) is a municipality located in the department of Tolima in Colombia .
Killashandra railway station in County Cavan , Ireland was the terminus station at the end of the Midland Great Western Railway seven mile branch from Crossdoney .
Catenanuova ( Sicilian : Catinanova ) is a town and comune in the province of Enna , in the region of Sicily in southern Italy .
Museum of the History of the Greek Costume is a special interest museum in Athens , Greece .
Wellington Harbour Board Head Office and Bond Store is a historic building on Jervois Quay in Wellington , New Zealand .
The Palacio Valdés Theatre is located in Avilés , Principality of Asturias in Northern Spain .
White 's is a gentleman 's club situated in St James 's Street , London , United Kingdom .
Bakar ( Italian : Buccari , Hungarian : Szádrév ) is a town in the Primorje - Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia .
Ranganathan Street is a major commercial street in the neighborhood of T. Nagar , located in Chennai , India .
Alausí Parish is an urban parish in Ecuador , Chimborazo Province , Alausí Canton .
The Thulamela Local Municipality is a Local municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Warnervale Airport ( ICAO : YWVA ) , also known as Warnervale Aerodrome , is located in Warnervale , a town in New South Wales , Australia .
Henvålen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Henvålens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
Omokoroa is a small urban area in the Western Bay of Plenty District of New Zealand .
The Werakata National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Lower Hunter Region of New South Wales , in eastern Australia .
Entre - Ijuís is a municipality of the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
The Great Southern Slam ( TGSS ) is the largest competitive roller derby event in the Southern Hemisphere , contested by teams from New Zealand and Australia .
Espoo Ciné International Film Festival is an annual event held in Espoo , Finland , in August .
Qansax Timir is a locality in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Kəlvəz ( also , Kil’vyazy , Kyal’vyas '' , and Kyalvaz ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Southern Schleswig ( German : Südschleswig or Landesteil Schleswig , Danish : Sydslesvig ) is the southern half of the former Duchy of Schleswig in Germany on the Jutland Peninsula .
The Aroanios ( Greek : Αροάνιος ) is a river in the southern part of Achaea , Greece .
Opéra National de Lyon is an opera company in Lyon , France which performs in the Nouvel Opéra , a modernized version in 1993 of the original 1831 opera house .
Santa Cruz del Islote ( English : Santa Cruz Islet ) is an island located off the coast of Colombia .
Sunel is a small town in Jhalawar district , Rajasthan , India , with a population of about 18,000 .
Färjenäsparken is a park located on the north bank of the Göta älv , Sweden .
Kyungnam University(경남대학교 ; 慶南大學校 ) is a private university located in Changwon ( Masan ) , the capital city of Gyeongsangnam - do , South Gyeongsang or Gyeongnam ( Kyungnam ) province , in Southeastern South Korea .
Vico Equense is a coastal town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , in Italy .
Iya River ( Russian : Ия ) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia .
Anderson Junior College ( AJC ) is a junior college established in 1984 and located in Yio Chu Kang , Singapore , a short distance from Yio Chu Kang MRT Station .
Chasselas or Chasselas blanc is a wine grape variety grown in Switzerland , France , Germany , Portugal , Hungary , Romania and New Zealand .
Mehsi is a small town located in East Champaran district of Bihar state , India .
Siahan ( Persian : سياهان‎ , also Romanized as Sīāhān ) is a village in Hashivar Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Amir Aslan ( Persian : اميراصلان‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Aslān and Amīr Aşlān ) is a village in Korani Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Khodzi ( Georgian : ხოძი , Ossetian : Ходз ) is a settlement in the Java district ( Dzau district in Ossetian)in South Ossetian autonomy in Georgia .
Novi Čeminac is a settlement in the region of Baranja , Croatia .
Agh Dizaj ( Persian : اغديزج‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Dīzaj ; also known as Dīzaj ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qahrabad - e Soleyman ( Persian : قهر آباد سليمان‎ , also Romanized as Qahrābād - e Soleymān ; also known as Qahrābād ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Lisović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лисовић ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Kampanis ( Greek : Καμπάνης , Bulgarian : Караджа Кадър ) is a village south of the city of Kilkis in the Kilkis regional unit , Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Javadastavar ( Persian : مزرعه جواداستوار‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Javādāstavār ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 40 , in 14 families .
Sassoferrato is a town and comune of the province of Ancona in the Marche region of Italy .
Bay of Islands Coastal Park is a 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) long coastal reserve located in Victoria , Australia on the Great Ocean Road between Peterborough and Warrnambool .
Estancia Río Cisnes Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Estancia Río Cisnes , ICAO : SCRE ) is a public use airport located 113 kilometres ( 70 mi ) east - northeast of Río Cisnes , Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo , Chile .
Fieni is a town in Dâmboviţa County , Romania , on the Ialomiţa River , having a population of 8,000 .
The Cymru Terrane is one of five inferred fault bounded terranes that make up the basement rocks of the southern United Kingdom .
Valley Truckle is a hamlet on the A39 road south of Camelford in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Yuhan University is a private college in Sosa - gu , Bucheon City , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Icacos Point is the southwestern most point in Trinidad and Tobago .
Preža ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːʒa ) ; in older sources also Preže , German : Pröse ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Przemocze ( pʂɛˈmɔt͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Priemhausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ubomiri is a town located near Owerri , capital city of Imo State , in southeastern Nigeria .
Paris Métro Line 1 is one of the sixteen lines composing the Paris Métro ( in Paris , France ) .
Besskorbnaya ( Russian : Бесскорбная ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Novokubansky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Urup River .
Groß Tessiner See is a lake in the municipality Jürgenshagen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Cuneo International Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto di Cuneo - Levaldigi ) ( IATA : CUF , ICAO : LIMZ ) also named Cuneo Levaldigi Airport or Turin Cuneo Airport by some low - cost airlines , is an airport serving Cuneo and Turin , Piedmont , Italy .
Polessky District ( Russian : Поле́сский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the fifteen in Kaliningrad Oblast , Russia .
Minbu District is a district of the Magway Division in central Myanmar .
Excavations at Bilske Horodyshche ( Більське городище ) near the village of Bilsk near Poltava in Ukraine have led to suggestions by archaeologist Boris Shramko and others identifying it as the Scythian capital Gelonus .
The COEX Aquarium in Gangnam district , Seoul , is one of South Korea 's largest Aquariums with over 40,000 creatures from over 650 species on display .
The Cima dello Stagn ( also known as Cima di Paina ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Hessisches Landesmuseum Darmstadt is a multidisciplinary museum in Darmstadt , Germany .
Lepassaare ( Võro : Lepässaarõ ) is a village in Orava Parish , Põlva County , in southeastern Estonia .
The University of Canterbury ( Māori : Te Whare Wānanga o Waitaha ; postnominal abbreviation Cantuar . or Ca nt . for Cantuariensis , the Latin name for Canterbury ) in Christchurch is New Zealand 's second oldest university .
Boms is a municipality in the district of Ravensburg in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Leobór ( lɛˈɔbur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Francilienne ( pronounced : ( fʁɑ̃siljɛn ) ) is a partial ring road around Île - de - France ( Paris ' région ) , France , lying outside the A86 .
The Veracruz dry forests are a tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion located in central Veracruz , Mexico .
San Isidro Buensuceso or San Isidro Buen Suceso is a town in the municipality of San Pablo del Monte , Tlaxcala , Mexico , on the southern slope of La Malinche volcano .
Zminac is a village in Bijelo Polje Municipality , in northern Montenegro .
Tiruvaikavur Temple or Thiruvaikavur Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located in the holy village of Tiruvaikavur , Tamil Nadu , India .
Arkalyk Airport ( also given as Arkalyk North ) ( IATA : AYK , ICAO : UAUR ) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 9 km ( 5.6 mi ) north of Arkalyk .
Parkab ( Persian : پركاب‎ , also Romanized as Parkāb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Aalborg Defence and Garrison Museum ( Danish : Aalborg Forsvars- og Garnisonsmuseum ) is a military museum in Aalborg , Denmark that covers all branches ( except naval ) of Danish defence organizations .
Budy Gutarzewskie ( ˈbudɨ ɡutaˈʐɛfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Burramine is a locality in the local government area of the Shire of Moira in Australia .
The Western Coastal Plains is a thin strip of coastal plain 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) in width between the west coast of India and the Western Ghats hills , which starts near the south of river Tapi .
Stąporków ( ˈstɔmˈpɔrkuf ) is a town with 6,200 inhabitants in Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland .
Parkani Lup ( Persian : پركاني لوپ‎ , also Romanized as Parkānī Lūp ) is a village in Irafshan Rural District , Ashar District , Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kudaleh ( Persian : كودله‎ , also Romanized as Kūdaleh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Balhaf is an industrial port town and an oasis in an area of coastal dunes in the Burum Coastal Area of Yemen .
Voisil ( Bulgarian : Войсил ) is a village in Maritsa Municipality , Plovdiv Province , southern Bulgaria .
Ağkilsə ( also , Agkilisa ) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Paštrik or Pashtrik ( Albanian : Pashtrik ; Serbian : Паштрик , Paštrik ) is a mountain located in Kosovo and Albania .
Yanbolaghi ( Persian : يانبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Yānbolāghī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Harvey 's is a fast food restaurant chain that operates in Canada , with locations in every province .
Although not as famous as other Italian wines , Aglianico del Vulture is considered by Gambero Rosso as one of the best red wines of Italy .
Azatan ( Armenian : Ազատան ; formerly , Karakilisa , Karakhs , and Pokr Karakilisa ) , is a major village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
The Casa de Nariño ( Spanish for House of Nariño ) or Palacio de Nariño ( Spanish for Palace of Nariño ) is the official home and principal workplace of the President of Colombia .
Pont - l'Abbé ( Breton : Pont-'n - Abad , `` Abbot 's bridge '' ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Ranuanjärvi is a small and shallow lake of Finland located in the center of municipality of Ranua , in the region of Lapland .
Kabul Education University of Rabbani دانشگاه شهید پروفیسور برهان الدین ربانی ( formerly known as Kabul Education University ) is a public university in Kabul , Afghanistan .
Covas do Barroso is a civil parish ( Portuguese : freguesia ) in northern Portugal , in the municipality of Boticas , in the old district of Vila Real .
Lilla Nygatan ( Swedish : Small New Street ) is a street in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Podgrad pri Vremah ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡɾaːt pɾi ˈwɾeːmax ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Heraklion Indoor Sports Arena , or simply , Heraklion Arena , is an indoor arena that is located in the city of Heraklion , on the island of Crete , in Greece .
Qaedrahmat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قائدرحمت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Onetangi Bay is a large bay on the north coast of Waiheke Island in northern New Zealand .
Nowe Piekuty ( ˈnɔvɛ pjɛˈkutɨ ) is a village in Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Andhra University College of Engineering at Visakhapatnam , India is an autonomous college of Andhra University .
Rugaard is a rural farming and forestry castle 2 km from the eastern coast of the peninsula Djursland in Denmark bordering the sea , Kattegat between Denmark and Sweden at the entrance to the Baltic Sea in Scandinavia .
Fischbeck Abbey ( German : Stift Fischbeck ) is a convent for canonesses in Fischbeck near Hessisch Oldendorf , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Župča ( Serbian : Жупча ) is a village in the municipality of Breza , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rajiv Gandhi Indoor Stadium or Regional Sports Centre is a multipurpose sports centre in Kochi , Kerala , India .
Ben - Gurion University of the Negev ( BGU , Hebrew : אוניברסיטת בן - גוריון בנגב‎ , Universitat Ben Gurion Banegev , Arabic : جامعة بن غوريون‎ ) is a public research university in Beersheba , Israel .
Saint - Maur - des - Fossés ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛ̃.moʁ.dɛ.fɔ.se ) ) is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
The Alpstein are a subgroup of the Appenzell Alps in Switzerland .
Sdot Yam ( Hebrew : שְׂדוֹת יָם , lit . Sea Fields ) is a kibbutz in the Haifa District of Israel on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea .
Mount Honey is the highest point on Campbell Island , one of New Zealand 's subantarctic outlying islands .
Amir Bostaq ( Persian : اميربستاق‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Bostāq ; also known as Amīr Mūsa and Amir - Muza ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Alas Strait separates Lombok and Sumbawa , two islands of Indonesia in West Nusa Tenggara province .
Mary River Aerodrome ( IATA : YMV , TC LID : CMR2 ) is an aerodrome located adjacent to Mary River , Nunavut , Canada .
Shaykh Mazhar Air Base is a former Iraqi Air Force base in the Wasit Governorate of Iraq approximately 46 kilometers Southwest of Baghdad , and about 13 kilometers West of the city of Al - Suwaira .
Livingstone Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in Korsten , Port Elizabeth in South Africa .
Qaleh Now Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه نو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Qaleh Now District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Onamunhama ( IPA : ( onam'n̥ana ) ) is a village in the Ohangwena Region in the north of Namibia in the Oukwanyama tribal area .
Zheltovsky ( Russian : Желтовский ) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
The Kintrishi Protected Landscape ( Georgian : კინტრიშის დაცული ლანდშაფტი ) is a protected landscape in Kobuleti District , Adjara , Georgia , located at the gorge of the Kintrishi River and was established in 1959 to preserve its unique flora and fauna and famous Colchian willow trees .
Škaljari ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Шкаљари ) is a small town in Kotor Municipality , Montenegro .
Ussuriysk Astrophysical Observatory is an observatory near Ussuriysk , Russia .
Milajerd ( Persian : ميلاجرد‎ , also Romanized as Mīlājerd ; also known as Melājerd and Mīlājīrd ) is a city in and the capital of Milajerd District , in Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kulibi is a mountain located 70 kilometers east of Dire Dawa in oromo region , Ethiopia .
Tsaryovo - Zaymishche ( Russian : Царёво-Займище , lit . tsar 's water - meadow ) is a village in Vyazemsky District of Smolensk Oblast , Russia , situated on the old road from Smolensk to Moscow , west of Vyazma .
Tyrnavos ( Greek : Τύρναβος , from the Slavic Tirnovo , a `` thorny place '' ) is a municipality in the Larissa regional unit , of the Thessaly region of Greece .
Sables - d'Or - les - Pins is a French Seaside resort , located mainly in Fréhel commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Of Wakefield 's residents , 2.53 % were born outside the United Kingdom , significantly lower than the national average of 9.2 % .
Bridlewood Community Elementary School ( also BCES or simply Bridlewood ) is an elementary and middle school located on 63 Bluegrass Drive , in Ottawa , Canada .
Stopan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стопан ) is a village in the Bosnia and Herzegovina , Kotor Varoš Municipality , Šiprage local community .
Stare Ślepce ( ˈstarɛ ˈɕlɛpt͡sɛ ) ( German : Alt Schleps ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Nieporęt ( ɲɛˈpɔrɛnt ) is a village in Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The West Kootenay Regional Airport , ( Castlegar Airport ) ( IATA : YCG , ICAO : CYCG ) is a small regional airport located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south southeast of Castlegar , British Columbia , Canada .
Høylandet Church ( Norwegian : Høylandet kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Queen 's Cottage ( also known as The Lodge ) is a country house near Nuwara Eliya , Sri Lanka .
Rosenørns Allé is a street located on the border between Frederiksberg and Nørrebro , on the west side of the The Lakes , in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Rot - Front is a settlement 60 kilometers east of Bishkek in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan , near the border of Kazakhstan .
Shanggao County ( simplified Chinese : 上高县 ; traditional Chinese : 上高縣 ; pinyin : Shànggāo Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Nordeste Transmontano , often known as Tras - os - Montes , is a region in Portugal , District of Bragança .
Onitkok Island is an island located inside western Coronation Gulf , south of Victoria Island , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Holy Dormition Pochayiv Lavra ( Ukrainian : Свято-Успенська Почаївська Лавра ; Russian : Свято-Успенская Почаевская Лавра , Polish : Ławra Poczajowska ) is a monastery in Pochayiv , Kremenets Raion , Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
Posada de Valdeón ( Astur - Leonese : Valdión ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Annie 's Lane is a winery in the Clare Valley , South Australia .
The Central Eastern Alps ( German : Zentralalpen or Zentrale Ostalpen ) , also referred to as Austrian Central Alps ( Österreichische Zentralalpen ) or just Central Alps comprise the main chain of the Eastern Alps in Austria and the adjacent regions of Switzerland , Liechtenstein , Italy and Slovenia .
Reventón del Rio Mundo is a waterfall and source of the Mundo River in the Province of Albacete , Spain .
Regents Park State School is a co - educational state primary school located in the suburb of Regents Park in Logan City , Queensland , Australia .
Moyenne Island is a small island ( 0.089 km2 or 0.034 sq mi ) in the Ste Anne Marine National Park off the north coast of Mahé , Seychelles .
Kokumbo ( also spelled Kokoumba ) is a town in central Ivory Coast .
Kyllburg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkɪlbʊʁk ) ) is a town in the district Bitburg - Prüm , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Vallalar Nagar ( Tamil : வள்ளலார் நகர் ) is a neighbourhood in Chennai , India .
Haller utca is a main street along the border of Mid - Ferencváros , in the 9th district of Budapest , Hungary .
The Botanical Garden of Santa Catalina or in basque : `` Santa Katalina Lorategi Botanikoa '' , is a botanical garden about 32,500 meters square extension , in the municipality of Iruña de Oca , in the surroundings of Sierra de Badaya , province of Alava , autonomous community of the Basque Country , Spain .
The Wannock River is a short river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , draining Owikeno Lake and entering Rivers Inlet at the head of that inlet , adjacent to the town of the same name , which is the main modern settlement of the Wuikinuxv ( Owikeno ) people .
The British Institute of Non - Destructive Testing or BINDT is a professional body for engineers and other technical professionals involved in non - destructive testing and condition monitoring in the United Kingdom .
Shamshabad ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi:शमशाबाद विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is one of the 230 Vidhan Sabha ( Legislative Assembly ) constituencies of Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Prevala ( Bulgarian : Превала ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Chiprovtsi Municipality , Montana Province .
While process technology and material formula R&D is centralised in Münster , Germany , Armacell 's research units in Mebane , North Carolina , USA , Thimister - Clermont , Belgium , and Guangzhou , China , focus on product R&D.
The Novascotian was a newspaper published in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Mansuwala is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Dholipal is a small village in the district of Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan , India .
The Eastern Arc Mountains are a chain of mountains found in Kenya and Tanzania .
La Paz Aeroclub ( Spanish : Aeroclub de La Paz , IATA : LAZ , ICAO : SAMP ) is a public use airport located 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) east - northeast of La Paz , Entre Ríos , Argentina .
Bystrzyca Górna ( bɨsˈtʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna ) ( German : Ober Weistritz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sätraån ( Swedish : `` Stream of Sätra '' ) is a stream in southern Stockholm , Sweden .
Şıxhapıt ( also , Şıxhaput , Shykh - Gaput , and Shykhgapyt ) is a village in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The World Trade Center of Grenoble ( WTC G ) is one of the 12 World Trade Centers in France and one of 330 WTCs in the world .
Heineken Jammin ' Festival is a large live rock festival in Milan , Italy featuring international and Italian rock acts .
Jotunheimen ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈjuːtʉnˌhæɪmən ) , the home of the giants ) is a mountainous area of roughly 3,500 km² in southern Norway and is part of the long range known as the Scandinavian Mountains .
Namchang - dong is a legal dong , or neighbourhood of the Jung - gu district in Seoul , South Korea and governed by its administrative dong , Hoehyeon - dong .
Stade de la Licorne ( French pronunciation : ​(stad də la liˈkɔʁn ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Amiens , France .
Biri Travbane is a harness racing track located at Biri in Gjøvik , Norway .
Mannheimer Swartling is a Sweden - based law firm .
The Czechoslovak Air Force ( Československé vojenské letectvo ) was the air force branch of the military of Czechoslovakia .
Wiggles World is a themed land at the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
The Maungakotukutuku Stream is a stream on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Batu Anam is a small town in the northern part of Segamat District , Johor , Malaysia .
Łąki Kozielskie ( ˈwɔnki kɔˈʑɛlskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bouizakarne ( Arabic : بو يزكارن , Bū Yazākārn ) is a town in Guelmim Province , Guelmim - Oued Noun , southern Morocco .
Ahmadabad - e Shadjerd ( Persian : احمدابادشادجرد‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Shādjerd ; also known as Aḩmadābād - e Shāhjerd ) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Segarra is a comarca ( county ) in Catalonia , Spain , situated on a high plain .
Kpabia is a small town in the Yendi Municipal district , a district in the Northern Region of north Ghana .
Shenton Way ( Chinese : 珊顿道 ) is a major trunk road in Singapore 's central business district , most known for the commercial skyscrapers flanking both sides of the road .
Mývatn ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈmiːˌvaʰtn̥ ) ) is a shallow eutrophic lake situated in an area of active volcanism in the north of Iceland , not far from Krafla volcano .
Lospalos ( sometimes mistakenly written Los Palos ) is a city in East Timor , 248 kilometres ( 154 mi ) to the east of Dili , the national capital .
Thiene Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Thiene ) is a Roman Catholic church in Thiene , in the province of Vicenza , Italy , dedicated to Saint Cajetan ( San Gaetano di Thiene ) and the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Mullauna College is a public , co - educational high school in Mitcham , Victoria , Australia servicing year 7 to 12 .
Phalombe is a town approx . 40 km northeast of Mulanje in southern Malawi .
Salakh ( Persian : صلخ‎ , also Romanized as Şalakh ; also known as Şalagh , Şelagh , and Selaq ) is a village in Salakh Rural District , Shahab District , Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Livoq Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Livoqit , Serbian : Језеро Ливоц ) is a small artificial lake in eastern Kosovo .
The Chad Basin National Park is a national park in northeastern Nigeria , in the Chad Basin , with a total area of about 2,258 km2 .
Blue Lake National Park is a national park in Queensland , Australia , 44 kilometres ( 27 mi ) east of Brisbane on North Stradbroke Island .
Kanllaqucha ( Quechua kanlla , kanlli pearlfruit ( Margyricarpus pinnatus ) , qucha lake , `` pearlfruit lake '' , hispanicized spelling Canllacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region , Huancavelica Province , Acobambilla District .
Henriques waterfall ( Portuguese : Cachoeira dos Henriques ) is a waterfall located in the Henriques bairro of the municipality of Gonçalves , Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Lefka ( Greek : Λεύκα ; Turkish : Lefke ) is a town in Cyprus , overlooking Morphou Bay .
KFUM Nässjö is an YMCA association in Nässjö , Sweden .
The 2015 Superettan , part of the 2015 Swedish football season , was the 15th season of Superettan , Sweden 's second - tier football league in its current format .
Juchitán District is located in the east of the Istmo de Tehuantepec region of the State of Oaxaca , Mexico , covering the southern part of a low - lying corridor through the mountains that separates the Gulf of Mexico from the Pacific ocean .
The Payas River , in southern Anatolia near today 's Turkey--
The Bundespräsidialamt ( Office of the Federal President ) is a federal agency ( oberste Bundesbehörde ) of the Government of Germany assisting the President of Germany .
Museu da Lourinhã is a museum in the town of Lourinhã , west Portugal .
Ancon Hill is a 654-foot hill that overlooks Panama City , Panama , adjacent to the township of Ancón .
Verdun Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame de Verdun ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and national monument of France , in Verdun in Lorraine .
Mosken is a small uninhabited rocky island in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Ántevamena is a rural town in the region of Atsimo - Andrefana , Madagascar .
Nabukelevu is a volcano located on the southwest portion of Kadavu Island in Fiji .
Laako is a small town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Plosovo ( German : Plasau ) is a small settlement at the southern end of the Mišja dolina valley southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Šimkaičiai is a town in Jurbarkas district municipality , Taurage County , Lithuania .
Gora pri Komendi ( pronounced ( ˈɡɔːɾa pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi ) ) is a settlement east of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
La Plata is the capital city of the Province of Buenos Aires , Argentina , and of the partido La Plata .
Lake Banook is a freshwater lake located in Dartmouth within the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Khawabi ( Arabic : السودا‎ ) , also spelled Qala'at al - Khawabi ( Arabic : قلعة الخوابي‎ ) is a village and medieval citadel in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located 20 kilometers northeast of Tartus and 12 kilometers east of al - Sawda .
Stary Węgliniec ( ˈstarɨ vɛŋˈɡliɲɛt͡s ) ( German : Alt Kohlfurt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgliniec , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bełcz Mały ( ˈbɛu̯t͡ʂ ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Kleinbeltsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
It is the easternmost of False Creek 's fixed crossings ; the Burrard and Granville bridges are a little more than a kilometre to the west , and the new Canada Line SkyTrain tunnel is built just west of the Cambie Bridge .
DanceSport BC ( DSBC ) , founded in 1968 , is the governing body for competitive ballroom dance in British Columbia and Yukon , Canada .
Baranabad ( Persian : باران آباد‎ , also Romanized as Bārānābād ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jatashankar ( also Jata Shankar ) is natural cave , a Hindu shrine located north of Pachmarhi , in Hoshangabad district , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Jid Ali is a high class , coastal area located on the shore of Tubli Bay , south of Manama in the Kingdom of Bahrain .
Al Mamoura is a settlement in the municipality of Al Rayyan in Qatar .
Saronida ( Greek : Σαρωνίδα ) is a seaside resort village and former community in East Attica , Greece .
Varig Airlines Flight 837 was a flight from Fiumicino Airport , Rome , Italy to Roberts International Airport , Monrovia , Liberia .
Azadeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آزاده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Deportivo Teculután football club play in Guatemala 's second division , but spent 3 seasons at the highest domestic football level between 2001 - 2004 .
Bezeréd is a village in Zala County in the south - western region of Hungary .
Leconte Island is a small , uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
Gowhert ( Persian : گوهرت‎ , also Romanized as Gowhert and Gowhart ; also known as Gohart , Gohert , Gohort , Gowhīrat , Gowhīrot , and Kowheyrat ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Matuail is a village of Dhaka Division , Bangladesh , located on the west side of Dhaka--
Qabala International Airport ( Azerbaijani : Qəbələ Beynəlxalq Aeroport ) ( IATA : GBB , ICAO : UBBQ ) is an airport serving Qabala ( also known as Qəbələ or Gabala ) , the capital of the Gabala district ( rayon ) in Azerbaijan .
Cegléd ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈt͡sɛɡleːd ) ; German : Zieglet ) is a city in Pest county , Hungary , approximately 70 km ( 43 mi ) southeast of the Hungarian capital , Budapest .
The Far North District of New Zealand , as its name suggests , is the northernmost district within New Zealand , consisting of the northern tip of the North Island .
The Queen Elizabeth Ranges is a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the southeastern side of Jasper National Park , Canada .
Gemünden am Main ( officially Gemünden a . Main ) is a town in the Main - Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany and lies roughly 40 km down the Main from Würzburg .
The Geelong Botanic Gardens is a botanical garden in the city of Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Debrzyno ( dɛˈbʐɨnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sandycove Island ( Cnoc an Rois in Irish ) is a small island and townland at the mouth of Ardkilly Creek on the south coast of Ireland , just to the west of the Castlepark peninsula , which forms the western side of the entrance to Kinsale harbour in County Cork .
Kasdir ( Arabic : القصدير or قصدير ) is a municipality in Naâma Province , Algeria .
The Totes Gebirge is a group of mountains in Austria , part of the Northern Limestone Alps , lying between the Salzkammergut and the Ennstaler Alpen .
Pandrup is a town with a population of 2,880 ( 1 January 2014 ) until 1 January 2007 in North Jutland County , now in the North Denmark Region on the northwest coast of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
The Pyramid of Khendjer was a pyramid built for the burial of the 13th dynasty pharaoh Khendjer , who ruled Egypt c. 1760 BC during the Second Intermediate Period .
Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve ( or Motlatse Canyon Provincial Nature Reserve ) is situated in the Drakensberg escarpment region of eastern Mpumalanga , South Africa .
The Aquinas College Chapel , formally known as the Chapel of St Thomas Aquinas , is a heritage - listed building located on the Aquinas College property in Salter Point , Western Australia .
Alcántara is a municipality in the province of Cáceres , Extremadura , Spain , on the Tagus , near Portugal .
Nasarpur railway station ( Urdu : نصرپور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Nasarpur village , Peshawar district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan .
The Wampú River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( wamˈpu ) ) is a river in Honduras .
Capo dell'Armi Lighthouse ( Italian : Faro di Capo dell'Armi ) is a lighthouse in Reggio Calabria , southern Italy .
The Emfuleni Local Municipality is one of three local municipalities comprising the Sedibeng District in Gauteng , South Africa .
Mazim is a village in Ad Dhahirah Region , in northeastern Oman .
The Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government ( Polish : Bezpartyjny Blok Współpracy z Rządem , pronounced ( bɛsparˈtɨjnɨ ˈblɔk fspuwˈpratsɨ z ˈʐondɛm ) ; abbreviated BBWR ) was a `` non - political '' organization that existed in the Second Polish Republic , from 1928 until 1935 .
Monte Rocchetta is a 1,575 m mountain near Lake Garda , close to the city of Riva del Garda in the Trentino province of Italy .
The Gleno Dam was a multiple - arch dam on the Gleno River in the Valle di Scalve in the northern Province of Bergamo , Italy .
Pestkownica ( pɛstkɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lutocin ( luˈtɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Georgetown Seawall Bandstand is an iron bandstand that is situated on the western end of Georgetown Seawall in Guyana .
Laoag International Airlines was an airline based in the Philippines .
The Bihta Air Force Station is an Indian Air Force base in Bihta , Bihar , India .
The Theodore Roosevelt International Highway was a transcontinental North American highway through the United States and Canada that ran from Portland , Maine , to Portland , Oregon .
Deauville - Clairefontaine Racecourse is a horse race track located in Tourgéville near Deauville in the Calvados département in the Basse - Normandie région of France .
Zaņa parish ( Latvian : Zaņas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality , Latvia .
Lago di Tom is a lake in the Piora Valley , in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Mount Awu ( Indonesian : Gunung Awu ) is the largest volcano in the Sangihe chain , located in North Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Goričice ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsɛ ) ) is a small village northeast of Gorenje Jezero on the shore of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Port of Janghang is a port in South Korea , located in the county of Seocheon .
Shamusilabi ( Persian : شموسيلابي‎ , also Romanized as Shamūsīlābī ; also known as Shams ʿAlī Kandī and Shamū Salāvī ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Jonubi Rural District , Qarah Quyun District , Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nasiriyah ( Arabic : الناصرية‎ ; BGN : An Nāşirīyah ; also spelled Nassiriya or Nasiriya ) is a city in Iraq .
After the foundation of the two new German republics in 1949 the section of R 5 within the West German Federal Republic of Germany and in West Berlin became Bundesstraße 5 ( literally in English : federal street ) or B 5 .
Modzele - Bartłomieje ( mɔˈd͡zɛlɛ bartwɔˈmjɛjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ngiri Reserve is a protected area of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Lanín National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Lanín ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the Neuquén Province , with forests of diverse tree varieties , mainly Fagaceae and conifers such as the lenga and the Araucaria , many species of which are not found elsewhere in Argentina .
Football at the 1912 Summer Olympics was one of the 102 events at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm , Sweden .
The Great Mosque of Tlemcen ( Arabic : الجامع الكبير لتلمسان‎ , el - Jemaa el - Kebir litilimcen ) was first built in Tlemcen , Algeria in 1082 .
Slatina v Rožni Dolini ( pronounced ( ˈslaːtina w ˈɾoːʒni dɔˈliːni ) ; Slovene : Slatina v Rožni dolini ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Mowtowr - e Mir Dust ( Persian : موتور مير دوست‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mīr Dūst ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Giolitti is a well - known café and pastry shop , and the oldest ice cream parlor in Rome , Italy .
The hypothesized Mejillonia Terrane in the coast of northern Chile is considered by some geologists to be a single block with Cuyania .
Suji High School is a public high school ( ages 16 - -18 ) in Yongin , South Korea .
Levanger Hospital ( Norwegian : Sykehuset Levanger ) is a hospital located in the town of Levanger in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Muskau Bend Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Łuk Mużakowa ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in western Poland , established in 2001 , covering an area of 182.00 square kilometres ( 70.27 sq mi ) .
Korgan is a town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Ulanda is an administrative ward in the Iringa Rural District of the Iringa Region of Tanzania , East Africa .
Frankston railway station is the terminus for the Frankston and Stony Point lines in Victoria , Australia .
Figueira das Naus is a settlement in the western part of the island of Santiago , Cape Verde .
Inner Carniola ( Slovene : Notranjska ) is a traditional region of Slovenia , the southwestern part of the larger Carniola region .
Rostock Power Station is a bituminous coal - fired combined heat and power plant operated by Kraftwerks- und Netzgesellschaft mbH ( KNG ) , located in Rostock , Germany .
Ipeľské Úľany ( Hungarian : Ipolyfödémes ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Rietfontein is a town in ZF Mgcawu District Municipality ( previously Siyanda District ) in the Northern Cape province of South Africa .
Phulad is a village located in Marwar Junction tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India .
Maiduguri International Airport ( IATA : MIU , ICAO : DNMA ) is an airport serving Maiduguri , a city in the Borno State of Nigeria .
Parc Merl is an urban park in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Qareh Aghach ( Persian : قره آغاچ‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Āghāch ; also known as Qareh Āghāj ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Jaranwala ( Urdu : جڑانوالہ‎)is a city in the Faisalabad District of Punjab , Pakistan .
Patgigan ( Persian : پتگيگان‎ , also Romanized as Patgīgān ; also known as Patkīgān ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
La Chapelle - Iger is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region north - central France .
Surrey Hills railway station is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria , Australia .
Verkhne Vysotske ( Ukrainian : Верхнє Висоцьке , Polish : Wysocko Wyżne ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine , situated in the Ukrainian part of the Carpathian Mountains .
Solec nad Wisłą ( ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃ ) is a village in Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Augerum House ( Swedish : Augerums herrgård ) is a manor house in Blekinge , Sweden .
Linebazar is a small panchayat and village of Hathua block and Gopalganj district , in the state of Bihar in India .
Innsbruck Airport ( IATA : INN , ICAO : LOWI ) , also known as Kranebitten Airport , is the largest international airport in Tyrol in western Austria .
The Casablanca Twin Center ( Arabic : برجي الدار البيضاء‎ , French : Tours Jumelles de Casablanca ) is a complex of two skyscrapers located at Casablanca , Morocco .
Linha do Vouga ( the Vouga line ) is the last surviving metre gauge railway line in Portugal still operated by Comboios de Portugal .
Trashigang ( Dzongkha : བཀྲ་ཤིས་སྒང་། ) , or Tashigang , is a town in eastern Bhutan and the district capital of the Trashigang Dzongkhag ( district ) .
Edertal is a community in Waldeck - Frankenberg in northern Hesse , Germany .
Jalan Sungai Dua ( Penang state road P198 ) is a major road on the mainland in Penang , Malaysia .
Łysa Góra ( ˈwɨsa ˈɡura ) ( Bald Mountain ; also known as Łysiec or Święty Krzyż ) is a well - known hill in Świętokrzyskie Mountains , Poland .
Novy Port ( Russian : Но́вый Порт ) is a settlement in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the mouth of the Ob River .
Bratilë is a community in the Elbasan County , central Albania .
Glen Vowell is an Indian reserve community of the Gitxsan people in the Hazelton area of the Skeena Country of northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Smętowo Graniczne ( smɛnˈtɔvɔ ɡraˈnit͡ʂnɛ ) ( German : Schmentau ) is a village in Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Thamarit or Thumrayt is a village in Dhofar Governorate , in southwestern Oman .
The Bergpolderflat in the Rotterdam district Bergpolder ( corner of Cooper Avenue and Borgesiusstraat Abraham ) was the first gallery flat in the Netherlands .
Maillane ( name in French ; Malhana in Occitan language ) is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France in the former province of Provence .
Korgen Church ( Norwegian : Korgen kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county , Norway .
Kopri , primarily a residential Colony , is situated on the east side of Thane Railway station , Maharashtra , India .
Middenmeer was established in 1932 under the name of Sluis III . Nearby the village was a military airfield Middenmeer in WO II used by the Ie Verkenningsgroep of the Royal Netherlands Air Force .
Ćwików ( ˈt͡ɕfikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Stehag is a locality situated in Eslöv Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 1,122 inhabitants in 2010 .
Guissezholmen Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Guissezholmen fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
The South Shore Protestant Regional School Board ( SSPRSB ) was a Protestant Christian school district in Greater Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Sougoumba is a small town and seat ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Koningué in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
The York University Busway is the collective name for a series of bus lanes and bus only roadways leading from Downsview station to York University , in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Varedan ( Persian : واردان‎ , also Romanized as Vāredān and Vārdān ; also known as Vārīdān and Yārīdān ) is a village in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Paraopeba River is a river in Brazil , flowing in the state of Minas Gerais .
Tilag ( Persian : تيلگ‎ , also Romanized as Tīlag ; also known as Neylak and Tīlak ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Linabuan Norte is the last barangay of Kalibo , Aklan , Philippines , going to Banga , Aklan .
Solband was a village in Balochistan , Pakistan , that was destroyed during the floods of 2007 .
Manabri ( also spelled Manambri ) is a village in north - western Ivory Coast .
Güreşen ( Beğlevan ) is a village in Borçka district of Artvin Province , Turkey .
Sept - Frères ( English : Seven Brothers ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Nahualá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( nawaˈla ) ) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala .
Shahrak - e Fakhran ( Persian : شهرك فخران‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Fakhrān ; also known as Fakhrān ) is a village in Zohan Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Spaarndam is a small village in the province of North Holland , the Netherlands , on the Spaarne and IJ rivers .
The Lade Line ( Norwegian : Ladelinjen ) was a tramway between Munkegata and Lade in Trondheim , Norway .
Butere is a town in Kakamega County of the former Western Province of Kenya .
The Uglich Hydroelectric Station or Uglich GES ( Russian : Угличская ГЭС ) is a hydroelectric station on the Volga River in Uglich in Yaroslavl Oblast , Russia , and is the first of the Volga - Kama Cascade of dams .
The Chapada Diamantina National Park ( Parque Nacional da Chapada Diamantina in Portuguese ) is a 1,520 km² national park in the Chapada Diamantina region of the State of Bahia , Northeast Brazil .
Burati ( Serbian : Бурати ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sar Rig - e Sum ( Persian : سرريگ سوم‎ , also Romanized as Sar Rīg - e Sūm ; also known as Sar Rīg - e Seh ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cuajimalpa de Morelos ( kwa ' ximalpa ) ( more commonly known simply as Cuajimalpa ) is one of the 16 boroughs of Mexico City .
Marina 1 is a cluster of six residential buildings in Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Keravan jäähalli ( Kerava ice rink ) is an indoor arena in Kerava , Finland .
Shaghol - e Bahar Ab ( Persian : شغل بهاراب‎ , also Romanized as Shaghol - e Bahār Āb ; also known as Shākhol - e Bahār Āb and Shaqol - e Bahār Āb ) is a village in Mansuri Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Rogier Tower ( Dutch : Rogiertoren , French : tour Rogier ) is a skyscraper located in the Northern Quarter central business district of Saint - Josse - ten - Noode , Brussels , Belgium .
Parodi Ligure is a comune in the province of Alessandria , part of Piedmont , in northwest Italy .
On 31 December 2001 , Portein was the smallest municipality in Switzerland in terms of population , with a population of 22 .
V / Line is a government - owned corporation that operates the regional passenger train and coach services in Victoria , Australia .
The Government Complex , Daejeon , which is located in Dunsan - dong , Seo - gu at the city of Daejeon , is a set of four buildings holding the following offices for the national government of South Korea :
The Azergues is a river in the Rhône department , in eastern France .
The Koishikawa Yojosho was a Japanese hospital located in Koishikawa , Edo , in what is now the Bunkyō municipality of the Tokyo Metropolis of modern Japan .
The University of the Aegean ( Greek : Πανεπιστήμιο Αιγαίου ) is a state , multi - campus university located in Lesvos , Chios , Samos , Rhodes , Syros and Lemnos , Greece .
The Botanischer Garten der Stadt Hof is a municipal botanical garden located in the Theresienstein park , at Alte Plauener Strasse 16 , Hof , Bavaria , Germany .
Saint Luke 's Hospital , Angal , commonly known as Angal Hospital , is a private , community hospital in Angal Village , Nebbi District , West Nile sub - region , Northern Uganda .
Kinh Thầy River is a river of Hải Dương Province in northeast Vietnam .
Hybe ( in Hungarian : Hibbe ) is a village and municipality in the Liptovský Mikuláš District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia .
Narenj Bandben ( Persian : نارنج بندبن‎ , also Romanized as Nārenj Bandben ) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Grøns Pakhus ( literally Grøn 's Warehouse ) is a former warehouse and retail establishment located on Holmens Kanal in the Gammelholm neighbourhood of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Samandağ ( Arabic : السويدية‎ , as - Sūwaydīyah ) is a town and district in Hatay Province of southern Turkey , at the mouth of the Orontes River on the Mediterranean coast , near Turkey 's border with Syria , 25 km ( 16 mi ) from the city of Antakya .
The University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies ( UTIAS , /juːˈtaɪ.əs/ yew - TY - əs ) is an advanced research facility for aeronautics and aerospace engineering , located in the Downsview district of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Kroonstad ( Afrikaans for Crown City , pronounced ( krūn'stät ) ) is the third - largest town in the Free State province of South Africa and lies two hours drive from Gauteng .
The Cordillera de Mérida is a series of mountain ranges , or massif , in northwestern Venezuela .
Tazeh Kand - e Yaft ( Persian : تازه كنديافت‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Yāft ; also known as Tāzeh Kand - e Chāy and Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Drensko Rebro ( pronounced ( ˈdɾeːnskɔ ˈɾɛːbɾɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia .
Wólka Kobylańska ( ˈvulka kɔbɨˈlaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sønderby halt is a railway halt serving the southern part of the village of Tornby , Denmark .
Piz Palü is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps , located between Switzerland and Italy .
The Cairo International Film Festival ( Arabic : مهرجان القاهرة السينمائي الدولي‎ ) is an annual film festival held in Cairo , Egypt .
According to a 2007 report in The Sun ( Nigeria ) , it is about an hour 's drive from Monguno to Cross Kauwa .
Prežulje ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈʒuːljɛ ) ; also Preža , Preže , or Prežulja ; German : Präsuln or Presuln ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Bonny Island is situated at the southern edge of Rivers State in the Niger Delta of Nigeria near Port Harcourt .
Nogačevići ( Serbian : Ногачевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fafsula is a settlement in Garissa County , Kenya , just north of Arawale National Reserve .
Pavliš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Павлиш ) is a village in Serbia .
Hjortshøj is a small railway town in Århus Municipality , Denmark .
Turmantas ( Polish : Turmont ) is a town in the Zarasai district municipality , Lithuania .
The Citadel of Port - Louis is a citadel built in the 16th century by the Spaniards , then modified in the 17th century by the Frenchmen in Port - Louis ( France ) .
Didié is a town located in the Pâ Department of Balé Province in the west African nation of Burkina Faso .
The Corin Dam is an earth and rockfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled side channel spillway across the Cotter River , located within Namadgi National Park in the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Hizabad - e Pain ( Persian : هيزابادپايين‎ , also Romanized as Hīzābād - e Pā’īn and Hiz Abad Pa’in ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cape Egmont is the westernmost point of Taranaki , on the west coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Club Atlético Alumni ( usually referred as Alumni de Villa María ) is a football club from the city of Villa María , in Córdoba Province , Argentina .
Miceku ( also : Maja e Micekut ) is a mountain in Dibër County , eastern Albania .
Lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the Lindi Bay , on the Indian Ocean in southeastern Tanzania .
Emlak Konut Mimar Sinan Anatolian High School ( Turkish : Emlak Konut Mimar Sinan Anadolu Lisesi ) or EKMAL in short , is an Anatolian High School in Büyükçekmece , Istanbul , Turkey .
Jaroszewice ( jarɔʂɛˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dobrá Niva ( German : Dobring ; Hungarian : Dobronya ) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
The Wang Thong River ( Thai : แคววังทอง , rtgs : Khwae Wang Thong , IPA : ( kʰwɛː waŋ tʰɔːŋ ) , also known as the Khek River ) is a river in Thailand .
Węgrów ( ˈvɛŋɡruf ) is a town in eastern Poland with 12,561 inhabitants ( 31 December 2003 ) .
It is also streamed over the Internet via Viking FM 's website ( listed in the external links ) , making it accessible to listeners from all across the United Kingdom .
Mount Macdonald is a mountain peak located in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia , Canada , immediately to the east of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park .
Nová Role ( German : Neurohlau ) is a town in the Czech Republic .
The northern point of Rossøya , at 80 ° 49′ 44.41 `` North , is the northernmost point in Svalbard , and thereby also in the Kingdom of Norway .
The Athens School of Fine Arts ( ASFA ; Greek : Ανωτάτη Σχολή Καλών Τεχνών , ΑΣΚΤ ) , is Greece 's premier Art school whose main objective is to develop the artistic talents of its students .
Kampinos ( kamˈpinɔs ) is a village in Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Abezhdan - e Sofla ( Persian : ابژدان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ābezhdān - e Soflá ; also known as Ābeshdūn and Ābeshdūn - e Soflá ) is a village in Abolfares Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chichigalpa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈtʃitʃiˈɣalpa ) ) is a town and municipality in the Chinandega Department of Nicaragua .
The temperature in Achhnera is typical of northern India , with cold nights in winter and heat waves in summer .
Hamilton Gardens is a public garden park in the south of Hamilton owned and managed by Hamilton City Council in New Zealand .
The Jewish cemetery of Chrzanów in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship is located outside the centre .
Małówka ( maˈwufka ) ( Ukrainian : Малівка , Malivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kolatak ( Azerbaijani : Kolatağ , Armenian : Քոլատակ also , K’olatak and Kolyatag ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan , currently under control of Armenian forces in Nagorno - Karabakh .
Sens ( French pronunciation : ​(sɑ̃s ) ) is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne - Franche - Comté in north - central France , 120 km from Paris .
Bascharage - Sanem railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Nidderkäerjéng - Suessem , French : Gare de Bascharage - Sanem , German : Bahnhof Niederkerschen - Sassenheim ) is a railway station serving the towns of Bascharage and Sanem , in the south - west of Luxembourg .
Sexi District is one of eleven districts of the province Santa Cruz in northern Peru .
The Temple of Castor and Pollux ( Italian : Tempio dei Dioscuri ) is an ancient temple in the Roman Forum , Rome , central Italy .
Bellver de Cerdanya is a town in the comarca of Cerdanya , province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
Hallwyl Castle ( German : Schloss Hallwyl ; IPA : ( halˈviːl ) ) is one of the most important moated castles in Switzerland .
The Museu Agbar de les Aigües is a fresh water pumping station and a museum in Cornellà de Llobregat , Barcelona , Spain .
Haebangchon ( Hangul : 해방촌 Hanja : 解放村 ) ( Haebang - meaning : freedom or liberation , and Chon - meaning : village ) is a district of Yongsan - gu , in Seoul , South Korea .
The Cassini map is the first general map of the Kingdom of France .
Dunstan High School is a state secondary school located in Alexandra , in the Central Otago district in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Palazzo Tarsis is an 18th - century mansion in Milan , northern Italy , built in the Neoclassical style .
The Lido di Jesolo , or Jesolo Lido , is the beach area of the comune of Jesolo in the province of Venice , Italy .
Tsybuliv ( Ukrainian : Цибулів ) is an urban - type settlement in central Ukraine .
Stolovi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Столови ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the city of Kraljevo .
Jagoče ( pronounced ( ˈjaːɡɔtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Savinja River , north of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Jamame ( Somali : Jamaame , Arabic : جمامة‎ ) , also spelled Giamame , is a town in the southern Lower Juba ( Jubbada Hoose ) region of Somalia .
Soze ( pronounced ( ˈsoːzɛ ) ; Italian : Sose ) is a small village on a hill above Lake Mola southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Basel School of Business ( also known as BSB ) is a private business school in Basel , Switzerland .
Ampampamena Airport ( ICAO : FMNZ ) is an airport serving Ampampamena , Madagascar .
Van Mijenfjorden is the third - longest fjord in Norway 's Svalbard archipelago .
Zagori ( Greek : Ζαγόρι ) , is a region and a municipality in the Pindus mountains in Epirus , in northwestern Greece .
Krāslava District ( Latvian : Krāslavas rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Latgale region , in the country 's east .
Lotterywest established in 1932 ( formally known as Lotteries Commission of Western Australia ) , runs the lottery in Western Australia .
The New Brunswick Legislature is the legislature of the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Getargel ( Armenian : Գետարգել ) , formerly known as Radiokayanin kits , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Tennholmen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Tennholmen fyr ) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
The Uhrencup is a pre - season football tournament hosted annually by FC Grenchen since 1962 ( with the exception of 1967 and 1974 ) , and is the oldest such tournament in Switzerland .
Kawthoolei is the Karen name for the state that the Karen people of Myanmar have been trying to establish since the late 1940s .
San Pa Yang ( Thai : สันป่ายาง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Taeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Semikarakorsk ( Russian : Семикарако́рск ) is a town and the administrative center of Semikarakorsky District in Rostov Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Don River , 137 kilometers ( 85 mi ) northeast of Rostov - on - Don , the administrative center of the oblast .
Die Oog Conservation Area is a tiny 1.2-hectare ( 3.0-acre ) nature reserve within the city of Cape Town , South Africa .
Ait Ourir is a town and municipality in Al Haouz Province , Marrakech - Tensift - Al Haouz , Morocco .
The Mısır Apartment or Mısır Apartmanı ( Turkish for `` Egypt Apartment '' ) is a famed historical building on the renowned İstiklal Avenue in the Beyoğlu district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Pampa del Tamarugal ( `` Plateau of the Tamarugal '' ) is a vast plain encompassing a significant portion of the Norte Grande , Chile , and originally named for the Prosopis tamarugo trees that used to cover its surface .
The University of Salerno ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Salerno , UNISA ) is a university located in Salerno , Italy .
Zahruiyeh ( Persian : زهروييه‎ , also Romanized as Zahrū’īyeh ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Machowino - Kolonia Zachodnia ( maxɔˈvinɔ kɔˈlɔɲa zaˈxɔdɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ann Siang Hill ( Chinese : 安详山 ) is a small hill , and the name of a one - way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore .
Municipal House ( Czech : Obecní dům ) is a civic building that houses Smetana Hall , a celebrate concert venue , in Prague , Czech Republic .
Norddalsfjorden is a branch off of the main Storfjorden in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
West Pesisir Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Pesisir Barat ) is a new regency in Lampung Province of Indonesia .
Nutaarmiut ( old spelling : Nutârmiut ) is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in northwestern Greenland .
Great Sankey forms part of Warrington South constituency of the United Kingdom Parliament .
Cape Jason ( Turkish : Yason Burnu ) ( Turkish : Iason ) ( Ancient Greek : Ιάσων ) is a cape located at Çaytepe / Çaka ( officially Aziziye ) villages , Perşembe ( formerly Vona ) district , Ordu Province , Turkey ( The North East Shores of Turkey ) .
Varzina River ( Russian : Варзина ) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Topličane ( Serbian Cyrillic : Топличане , Albanian : Topliçan ) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo .
The Zbrašov aragonite caves are a protected area in the district of Přerov , Czech Republic , that were proclaimed as a National Natural Landmark ( Národní přírodní památka or NPP ) to protect important hydrothermal karst areas of Europe .
Moaña is a municipality of 18,709 inhabitants located in Galicia , Spain in the province of Pontevedra .
Gesù Nuovo ( Italian New Jesus ) is the name of a church and a square in Naples , Italy .
The Morila Gold Mine is an open - pit gold mine situated 180 km south of Bamako , near the community of Sanso , in the Sikasso Region of Mali .
Robat - e Morad ( Persian : رباطمراد‎ , also Romanized as Robāţ - e Morād ; also known as Robāt Murad , Shahkoobeh , Shahkūbeh , Shahkūyeh , and Shāku ) is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Poliçan is a city and a municipality situated in south - central Albania .
Taleqan - ye Do ( Persian : طالقان دو‎ , meaning `` Taleqan 2 '' , also Romanized as Ţāleqān - ye Do and Ţāleghānī - ye Do ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Bismarck Sea lies in the southwestern Pacific Ocean to the north of the island of Papua New Guinea and to the south of the Bismarck Archipelago and Admiralty Islands .
Manorcunningham , or Manor ( Irish : Mainéar Uí Chuinneagáin ) is a small village and townland in County Donegal , Ireland .
Jelling is a village in Denmark with a population of 3,370 ( 1 January 2014 ) , located in Jelling Parish approx . 10 km northwest of Vejle .
Marchinbar Island is the largest island in the Wessel Islands , Northern Territory , Australia , in the Arafura Sea .
Pokok Mangga is a small town in Melaka state , Malaysia , which used to be bustling town during 70 's and early 80 's .
Vikedal Church ( Norwegian : Vikedal kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Hunsrückquerbahn ( English : Trans - Hunsrück Railway ) is a deactivated railway located in the Hunsrück region of Rheinland - Pfalz , Germany .
The Varbola Stronghold ( Latin : Castrum Warbole , Estonian : Varbola Jaanilinn ) was the largest circular rampart fortress and trading centre built in Estonia , in Harju County ( Latin : Harria ) in the 10th -- 12th centuries .
Moremonui is a location in the Northland Region of New Zealand , 19 kilometres ( 12 miles ) south of Maunganui Bluff .
International School of Carthage ( Arabic : مدرسة قرطاج الدولية ) is a private school in Carthage , Tunisia that provides elementary and secondary education .
Feulen ( Luxembourgish : Feelen ) is a commune in central Luxembourg .
Lindewitt ( Danish : Lindved ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Tónlistarskólinn á Akureyri ( The Music School of Akureyri ) is a comprehensive music school located in Akureyri , Iceland .
Gonur Tepe is an archaeological site of about 55 hectares in Turkmenistan that was inhabited by Indo - Iranian peoples until sometime in the 2nd millennium BCE dating back to 2500 BCE .
Yenakiieve ( Ukrainian : Єнáкієве , Yenakiieve ; Russian : Ена́киево , Yenakiyevo ) is a city in the Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine and is incorporated as a city of oblast significance , a special status within the region equal to that of a raion ( district ) .
Northcross is a suburb of North Shore , one of several cities in the Auckland metropolitan area in northern New Zealand .
Faryab County ( Persian : شهرستان فاریاب‎ ) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran .
Pelekas ( Greek : Πέλεκας ) is a village in the central part of the island of Corfu , Greece .
Keskese ( Keskesse ) is an archaeological site in Eritrea .
Castelldefels Castle ( Spanish : Castillo de Castelldefels ; Catalan : Castell de Fels ) is a frontier fortress in the town of Castelldefels , near Barcelona in Spain , that was built to defend the frontier of the Carolingian Empire against neighbouring Muslim territories , particularly the Caliphate of Córdoba .
La Nouvelle Revue Française ( NRF , or The New French Review in English ) is a literary magazine based in France .
Velika Goba ( German : Großgoba ) is a village west of Dole in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Siam Park City ( Thai : สวนสยาม ; rtgs : Suan Sayam ) is an amusement and water park in the Khan Na Yao district of Bangkok , Thailand .
Hanusará is a small river in the village of Sørvágur on the Faroe Islands .
The Taranaki Mountainairs are a New Zealand Communitybasketball team that compete in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Linexert is a commune in the Haute - Saône department in France 's Franche - Comté region .
Luntu Luntuni ( hispanicized spelling Lunto Luntune ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 4,585.1 metres ( 15,043 ft ) high .
Graham Bell Island ( Russian : Остров Греэм-Белл ) is an island located at 80.8663889 ° N 64.2891667 ° E in the Franz Josef Archipelago , Russia .
The Canton of Marseille - Mazargues is a former canton within the commune of Marseille in the Bouches - du - Rhône department of France .
Ramanathaswamy Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Shiva located on Rameswaram island in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Templiner See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg , Germany .
Vrysochori ( Greek : Βρυσοχώρι , Aromanian : Leshinitsa , Leshnitsa ) is one of the Zagori villages ( Zagorochoria ) , in the Ioannina regional unit , Greece .
IRIB Salamat ( شبكه‌ی سلامت `` Health Channel '' , is an Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting television channel , broadcast in Worldwide . The channel is one of the newer television channels in Iran and was established in September 26 , 2012 . The channel 's 24-hour - a - day broadcast includes Health Programs .
The Association for Psychosocial Studies ( APS ) , is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting the academic discipline of psychosocial studies .
The Royal Order of Vasa ( Kungliga Vasaorden ) is a Swedish order of chivalry , awarded to citizens of Sweden for service to state and society especially in the fields of agriculture , mining and commerce .
Merelbeke ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmeːrəlbeːkə ) ) is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
La Purisima Concepcion de la Virgen Maria Parish Church ( also The Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary Parish Church ) , commonly known as Baclayon Church , is a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Baclayon , Bohol , Philippines within the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tagbilaran .
Nielbark ( ˈɲelbark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Darazo is a Local Government Area of Bauchi State , Nigeria .
Tortuguero Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in Limón Province , northeastern Costa Rica .
The Anglican Diocese of Carpentaria was an Anglican diocese in northern Australia from 1900 to 1996 .
Capo Mannu is a promontory in Sardinia , Italy .
Nowa Wieś Szlachecka ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Wayna Q'inti ( Quechua machu old , old person , q'inti hummingbird , Q'inti a place nearby , `` old Q'inti '' , hispanicized and mixed spellings Huaynaquente , Waynaquente , also Wayna Q'ente ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Radehova ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɛxɔʋa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
The Unity Bridge ( sometimes called `` Unity Bridge 1 '' ) across Ruvuma River at Negomano , Mozambique , between Tanzania and Mozambique was proposed as early as 1975 , shortly after Mozambique 's independence .
Santa Maria ad Ogni Bene dei Sette Dolori , also known as Santa Maria de Sette Dolori , is a Roman Catholic church in Naples , Italy .
Võhma ( German : Wöchma ) is a town and municipality in central Estonia , in Viljandi County .
Cairanne ( Occitan : Cairana ) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France whose inhabitants were locally nicknamed leis afrontaires de Cairana , the cheeky ones from Cairanne .
The Countship of Miraflores de los Angeles ( Condado de Miraflores de los Ángeles ) is a comital title granted by Charles II of Spain on 28 November 1689 to Juan de Torres de Navarra y de la Vega Ponce de León ( died 1719 ) , with the previous title Vizconde de la Vega .
The School of Technology and Management of Oliveira do Hospital ( Escola Superior de Tecnologia e Gestão de Oliveira do Hospital - ESTGOH ) is an Higher Education School in Portugal , an organic unit of the Polytechnical Institute of Coimbra .
Mignoré ( also spelled Minyouré ) is a village in western Ivory Coast .
Derna waterfalls ( Arabic : شلال درنة‎ ) is a fresh water waterfall in the Jebel Akhdar Mountains , south of the city of Derna , in the northern Cyrenaica region of eastern Libya .
Bašci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Башци ) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Haftkel County ( Persian : شهرستان هفتکل‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
Trevico is a town and comune in the province of Avellino , Campania , southern Italy , a former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see .
The Glasebacher Teich was an artificial reservoir or Kunstteich laid out near the village of Straßberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany for mining purposes .
Sant Benet ( Susqueda ) is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif , Catalonia , Spain .
Belon'i Tsiribihina ( also known as Belo sur Tsiribihina or Belo - Tsiribihina ) is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Altzo is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , in the north of Spain .
The Peloritani ( Sicilian : Piluritani , Italian : Monti Peloritani ) are a mountain range of north - eastern Sicily , in southern Italy , extending for some 65 km from Capo Peloro to the Nebrodi Mountains .
Stare Motule ( ˈstarɛ mɔˈtulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Henri Pittier National Park is the oldest national park in Venezuela , originally created in 1937 under the name of Rancho Grande by decree of President Eleazar López Contreras .
Punggi - eup ( Hangeul : 풍기읍 ; Hanja : 豊基邑 ) is a town in the outer regions of Yeongju City , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea .
Karsakpay ( Russian : Карсакпай ) , is a town in Karaganda Region , Kazakhstan .
Studentskrapan ( `` The Student Scraper '' ) , even called Skrapan , is a dwelling skyscraper located in the central of Skövde in Västra Götaland County , Sweden , about 200 m from Skövde University College .
The Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions , usually referred to by the acronym SAK ( Finnish : Suomen Ammattiliittojen Keskusjärjestö , Swedish : Finlands Fackförbunds Centralorganisation , FFC ) is the largest trade union confederation in Finland .
Hedeland is a 15-square - kilometre recreational area located between the towns of Hedehusene , Tune and Vindinge , some 20 km west of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tey 25 Pashahid Hoseyn Shahram Far ( Persian : تي 25 پشهيد حسين شهرام فر‎ , also Romanized as Tey 25 Pashahīd Ḩoseyn Shahrām Far ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
York Factory was a settlement and Hudson 's Bay Company factory ( trading post ) located on the southwestern shore of Hudson Bay in northeastern Manitoba , Canada , at the mouth of the Hayes River , approximately 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) south - southeast of Churchill .
Choveys - e Do ( Persian : چويس دو‎ ; also known as Joveyz - e Do and Joveyzeh Do ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Belz Great Synagogue ( Hebrew : בעלזא בית המדרש הגדול , Belz Bais HaMedrash HaGadol ) is the largest synagogue in Israel .
Fryshuset is an activity center for young people in Stockholm , Sweden offering social projects and educational programs .
Tour CBX or Tour Dexia is an office skyscraper located in Supercomplex 2 of the La Défense business district situated west of Paris , France .
Lany Tounka ( or Lani Tounka ) is a small town and main settlement ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Sony in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
The Gosu Cave ( 고수동굴 - Kosu is also still found as an alternate spelling ) is a huge limestone cave near Danyang ( North Chungcheong Province ) , South Korea formed over 450 million years ago .
Gaz Khan or Goz Khun is a village in the Wakhan in Badakhshan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
The Bylot Island Migratory Bird Sanctuary is a migratory bird sanctuary in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
In more recent times , the road to Luz Ardiden has served as an occasional stage finish in Tour de France .
The Petit Ballon ( German : Kleiner Belchen ) or Little Belchen , is one of the highest peaks of the Vosges Mountains in the department of Haut - Rhin , Alsace in France .
The Musée des beaux - arts de Quimper is an art museum in Quimper , Brittany , France .
Café La Biela ( in English : The Connecting - rod Café ) is a traditional café in the Recoleta district of Buenos Aires , Argentina situated at 600 Quintana Avenue on the corner of Junin street , opposite the church of Nuestra Senora del Pilar and the adjoining Recoleta Cemetery .
Aglen ( Bulgarian : Ъглен ) is a village in Lukovit Municipality , Lovech Province , in northern Bulgaria .
Strzelno - Wybudowanie ( ˈstʂɛlnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Aigrefeuille - d'Aunis is a French commune in the Charente - Maritime department in the Poitou - Charentes region of south - western France .
The Jewish Museum in Prague ( Czech : Židovské muzeum v Praze ) is a museum of Jewish heritage in the Czech Republic and one of the most visited museums in Prague .
Gródek nad Dunajcem ( ˈɡrudɛk nat duˈnajt͡sɛm ) ( `` Little Town on the Dunajec '' ) is a village in southern Poland situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999 ( it was previously in Nowy Sącz Voivodeship from 1975 - 1998 ) .
Romaniv ( Ukrainian : Романів ; formerly Dzerzhynsk , Ukrainian : Дзержинськ , translit . Dzerzhyns’k ) is an urban - type settlement in Romaniv Raion ( formerly Dzerzhynsk Raion ) , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Gushin ( Persian : گوشين‎ , also Romanized as Gūshīn and Jūshīn ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Halwara is a township in Punjab state in India .
The Valentine Falls is a waterfall on the Valentine Creek in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Mittelbau - Dora ( also Dora - Mittelbau and Nordhausen - Dora ) was a German Nazi concentration camp located near Nordhausen in Thuringia , Germany .
Skotani ( Greek : Σκοτάνη , before 1928 : Κόκοβα - Kokova ) , is a small mountain village in the municipal unit of Paion , Achaea , Greece .
Al Habbaniyah or Habbaniya ( Arabic : الحبانية‎ ) is a city in Al - Anbar Province , in central Iraq .
Gia Nghĩa Camp ( also known as Gia Nghĩa Special Forces Camp ) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base east of Gia Nghĩa in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
Wanda Mound ( Polish : Kopiec Wandy ) is a tumulus located in Mogiła ( since 1949 a neighbourhood of district Nowa Huta ) in Kraków , Poland .
Marshyntsi ( Ukrainian : Маршинці ; Romanian : Marșenița ) is one of the Romanian - speaking villages of the Novoselytsia Raion ( district ) of Chernivtsi Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine ( the historical region of Bessarabia ) .
Huwyl Burg was a castle built between Römerswil and Hochdorf , nearby Lake Baldegg ( Canton of Lucern , Switzerland ) .
Örebro Central Station ( Swedish : Örebro centralstation or Örebro C ) is a railway station in Örebro , Sweden , located north of city center .
The Georges River , formerly known as Tucoerah River , is an intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary , located to the south and west of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Cape Sheridan is on the northeastern coast of Ellesmere Island , Canada situated on the Lincoln Sea in the Arctic Ocean , on the mouth of Sheridan River , west bank .
Subačius ( pronunciation ) is a city in Panevėžys County , northwestern Lithuania .
The Latgalian Farmers Party ( Latvian : Latgales Zemnieku partija ) was a political party in Latvia in the inter - war period .
Olav Kyrres plass is a square and area in Frogner in Oslo , Norway .
Guldfågeln Arena is a football stadium in Kalmar , Sweden and the home of Allsvenskan club Kalmar FF . The stadium is located in the area known as Hansa City , in the North West of Kalmar .
Tarinkot or Tarin Kowt ( Pashto : ترين کوټ‎ , Persian : ترین‌کوت‎‎ ) is the capital of Urozgan Province ( also written `` Uruzgan '' ) in southern Afghanistan in the Tarinkot District .
Boja Manor ( Latvian : Boju muižas pils ) is a manor house in Kazdanga parish , Aizpute municipality , in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
La Binerie Mont - Royal is a lunch counter - style restaurant in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , specializing in traditional Quebec cuisine , including its signature baked beans .
Laucala ( pronounced ( lauˈðala ) ) is one of a triplet of small islands that lie to the east of Thurston Point on the island of Taveuni in Fiji .
The Irrigation Way is a major regional highway that runs approximately 88 kilometres ( 55 mi ) through the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area in south western New South Wales , Australia .
Bishan Stadium ( Malay : Stadium Bishan ; Chinese : 碧山體育場 ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Bishan , Singapore , with a capacity of 4,000 people .
Vieska nad Blhom ( Hungarian : Balogújfalu ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Bears ' Cave ( Romanian : Peștera Urșilor ) is located the western Apuseni Mountains , on the outskirts of Chişcău village , Bihor County , northwestern Romania .
Nolinsk ( Russian : Ноли́нск ) is a town and the administrative center of Nolinsky District in Kirov Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Voya River ( Vyatka 's tributary ) , 143 kilometers ( 89 mi ) south of Kirov , the administrative center of the oblast .
Club San Andrés , simply known as San Andrés , is a sports club from the Olivos neighborhood of Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .
San Pedro de Coche is a town on Isla Margarita , in the state of Nueva Esparta , Venezuela .
Korzystno ( kɔˈʐɨstnɔ ) ( German : Alt Werder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sar Jameh Shuran ( Persian : سرجامه شوران‎ , also Romanized as Sar Jāmeh Shūrān ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mount DeVeber ( sometimes spelled De Veber ) is a mountain in Willmore Wilderness Park in Alberta , Canada .
Coatascorn ( Breton : Koadaskorn ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Suruga Bay ( 駿河湾 , Suruga - wan ) is a bay on the Pacific coast of Honshū in Shizuoka Prefecture , Japan .
Farewell Spit is a narrow sand spit at the northern end of the Golden Bay , South Island of New Zealand .
Pingelap is an atoll in the Pacific Ocean , part of Pohnpei State of the Federated States of Micronesia , consisting of three islands :
Alamudun or Alamedin is a town and northern suburb of Bishkek in Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan , a seat of Alamudun District ( raion ) .
Selizharovo ( Russian : Селижа́рово ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Selizharovsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia situated at the confluence of the Selizharovka and Volga Rivers .
Bağcılar is a working class suburban district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Doubtless Bay is a bay situated on the east coast of the Northland Region , north - east of Kaitaia , in New Zealand .
Siedlce ( Polish pronunciation : ( ' ɕɛdlt͡sɛ ) ) ( Yiddish : שעדליץ Shedlits‎ , Russian : Седльце Sedlets ) is a city in eastern Poland with 76,585 inhabitants ( as of 2014 ) .
Skanör Church ( Swedish : Skanörs kyrka , also known as the Church of St. Olof , Swedish : S : t Olofs kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Skanör , Sweden .
Losiny Ostrov National Park ( Russian : Национальный парк `` Лосиный Остров '' , literally - Moose Island ) is the first national park of Russia .
The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway accident that took place on May 27 , 1971 in Dahlerau , a small town in Radevormwald , West Germany , in which a freight train and a passenger train collided head - on .
Rosso is the major city of south - western Mauritania and capital of Trarza region .
Boust ( German : Bust ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Újpalota is a panel housing estate in the 15th district of Budapest , Hungary .
The Bezen Perrot ( formerly Bezen Kadoudal ) was a Breton collaborationist force during the Nazi occupation of France that grew from the earlier Lu Brezhon militia .
Herren - Sulzbach ( `` Lords '' Sulzbach '' ) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Kusel district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Rangitoto Island is a volcanic island in the Hauraki Gulf near Auckland , New Zealand .
Klecany is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic , situated on the Vltava river to the north of Prague .
The Scottish Storytelling Centre , the world 's first purpose built modern centre for live storytelling , is located on the High Street in Edinburgh 's Royal Mile , Scotland , United Kingdom .
PAF Base Nur Khan ( previously known as PAF Base Chaklala ) is an active Pakistan Air Force airbase located in Chaklala , Rawalpindi , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Gudauta District is a district of Abkhazia , Georgia 's breakaway republic .
Remire - Montjoly ( often unofficially spelled Rémire - Montjoly ) is a commune of French Guiana , an overseas region and department of France located in South America .
Erzurum Province ( Turkish : Erzurum ili ) is a province of Turkey in the Eastern Anatolia Region of the country .
Deutsche Schule Madrid ( DSM : Spanish : Colegio Alemán Madrid ) is a German international school in Madrid , Spain .
Vértesacsa ( also Vértes - Acsa , German : Atscha ) is a village in Fejér county , Hungary , near the city of Székesfehérvár ( 25 km to the north ) .
Praslin Island Airport ( IATA : PRI , ICAO : FSPP ) also known as Iles des Palmes Airport , is an airport located at Grand Anse on Praslin Island in the Seychelles .
Gorica Monastery ( Croatian : Samostan Gorica ) is a Franciscan monastery in Gorica near Livno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Yert ( Russian : Ерт ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Shologonsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 80 kilometers ( 50 mi ) from Berdigestyakh , the administrative center of the district .
The Navarangahala ( `` New Theater '' ) , in Colombo , is one of the main national theatres of Sri Lanka .
The Schildergasse ( pronounced ( ˈʃɪldɐˌɡasə ) , Colognian : Schelderjaß pronounced ( ˌɚeɫˑdɐˈjasˑ ) ) is a shopping street in central Cologne , Germany , and with 13,000 people passing through every hour , it is the busiest shopping street in Europe .
The Gruta Rei do Mato ( MG-3653 ) is a cave located at the edge of the BR-040 highway , close to the off ramp to the city of Sete Lagoas , in Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Nawa - I - Barakzayi is a village and the district center of Nawa - I - Barakzayi District , Helmand Province , Afghanistan .
Titanium La Portada is an office building in Santiago , Chile .
Jrvezh ( Armenian : Ջրվեժ ) , meaning `` waterfall '' , is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia , located at the eastern outskirts of the capital Yerevan .
Commanda Lake ( or Lake Commanda ) is a lake in central Ontario , Canada .
The Bay of Palma ( Catalan : Badia de Palma , Spanish : Bahía de Palma ) is a bay located to the south of Palma , Majorca , Spain .
Pitsiota is a village in the municipal unit of Agios Georgios Tymfristou , Phthiotis , Greece , northwest of Lamia .
Markham GO Station is a railway station in the GO Transit network located on Markham Main Street North in Markham , Ontario in Canada .
Yuldong Park ( 율동공원 ) is a park located at Yul - dong , Bundang - gu , Seongnam , South Korea .
Dowla Pasan ( Persian : دولاپسان‎ , also Romanized as Dowlā Pasān ; also known as Dolāpesān , Doleh Pasān , and Dowleh Pasān ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The King Township Public Library is a public library system that serves King Township , Ontario in Canada .
The Ramganga Dam , also known as the Kalagarh Dam , is an embankment dam on the Ramganga River 3 km ( 2 mi ) upstream of Kalagarh in Pauri Garhwal district , Uttarakhand , India .
Bački Sokolac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бачки Соколац ) is a village in Serbia .
Auala is a small village on the northwest coast of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Jika Jika Province was an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Council in Victoria , Australia .
Lukaya District is a district located in the Bas - Congo province , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Lachanas ( Greek : Λαχανάς ) is a village and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
Greek National Road 9 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 9 , abbreviated as EO9 ) is a single carriageway with at - grade intersections in the West Greece and Peloponnese regions .
Ice hockey at the 2006 Winter Olympics was held at the Torino Palasport Olimpico and the Torino Esposizioni in Turin , Italy .
Heritage Bank Limited is Australia 's largest mutual bank .
Qandala District ( Somali : Degmada Qandala ) , also spelled Candala District is a district in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Kimaka is a neighborhood in the city of Jinja , in the Eastern Region of Uganda .
Schweizerischer Burgenverein is a Swiss voluntary association dedicated to the study and preservation of medieval castles in Switzerland .
Willich ( ( ' vɪllɪç ) ) is a town in the district of Viersen , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Democratic Unity Alliance ( Tamil : சனநாயக ஒன்றுமைக் கூட்டணி Caṉanāyaka Oṉṟumaik Kūṭṭaṇi ) is a registered political party in Sri Lanka .
Flint Island is an uninhabited coral atoll in the central Pacific Ocean , part of the Southern Line Islands under the jurisdiction of Kiribati .
Abdasa Taluka is a taluka ( administrative subdivision ) in Kutch District , Gujarat , India .
Labuhan Lombok is a port town in eastern Lombok , Indonesia , 74 kilometres east of the city of Mataram .
Khost or Khowst ( Pashto / Persian : خوست ) is a city in eastern Afghanistan .
Beremend ( Croatian : Breme ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
Chennai Port Trust Centenary Building is a 12-storied building in Chennai , India , serving as the chief administrative building of the Chennai Port Trust .
Długołęka - Świerkla ( dwuɡɔˈwɛŋka ˈɕfʲɛrkla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podegrodzie , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Alatala is abandoned village in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
The Engineers Museum ( officially The pioneer museum , in Finnish : valtakunnallinen , i.e. , all - national , Pioneerimuseo , in Russian : Музей саперных войск ) is the oldest corps museum in Finland .
Campo de Gibraltar ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkampo ðe xiβɾalˈtar ) , `` Gibraltar Countryside '' ) is a comarca ( county ) in the province of Cádiz , Spain , in the southwestern part of the autonomous community of Andalusia , the southernmost part of mainland Europe .
Mondah Forest is a legally protected coastal forest in Komo - Mondah Department , northwest Gabon .
Sumbe Airport ( IATA : NDD , ICAO : FNSU ) is an airport serving the city of Sumbe in Angola .
Metrópoli Patriotismo is a shopping center at Av . Patriotismo 229 , in the San Pedro de los Pinos neighborhood in Mexico City .
Huamachuco is a town in northern Peru and capital of the province Sánchez Carrión in La Libertad Region .
Neyriz Integrated Quarry ( Persian : مجتمع معادن سنگ ني ريز‎ -- Mojtame ` M``ādan Sang - e Neyrīz ) is a village and company town in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 9 , in 6 families .
Nowadays the Taymyr Gulf is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve , the largest nature reserve of Russia .
Transvaal Park was a popular waterpark in Yasenevo , a south district of Moscow , Russia .
Paine Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Paine , ICAO : SCAU ) is a public use airport located 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) west - southwest of Paine , Santiago Metropolitan , Chile .
The Seohaean Expressway ( Korean : 서해안 고속도로 ; Seohaean Gosok Doro ) , meaning `` West Coast Expressway '' , is a freeway in South Korea , connecting Mokpo to Gunsan , Dangjin , and Seoul .
Radomlje ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːdɔmljɛ ) ; German : Radomle ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River north of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Serre Calabresi or Calabrian Serre ( Calabrian dialect : Serra ) are a mountain and hill area of Calabria , southern Italy , characterized by large extents of woods .
City Rise is an inner suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
Soľnička ( Hungarian : Szolnocska ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Tasisat - e Sadd - e Latian ( Persian : تأسيسات سدلتيان‎‎ , also Romanized as Ta'sīsāt - e Sadd - e Latyān ) is a village in Lavasan - e Bozorg Rural District , Lavasanat District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kulykіvka ( Ukrainian : Куликівка ; Romanian : Culiceni ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Puttershoek is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands .
The Arauco Peninsula ( Spanish : península de Arauco ) , is a peninsula in Southern Chile located in the homonymous Arauco Province .
Nowa Mała Wieś ( ˈnɔva ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cape St. George is the southernmost point on the island of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea , at 4.850 ° S 152.877 ° E. It was the namesake for the Battle of Cape St. George , fought on 26 November 1943 , between New Ireland and Buka .
Kal Karimi ( Persian : كل كرمي‎ , also Romanized as Kal Karīmī ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Unki mine is an underground mine located in the center part of Zimbabwe in Gweru , Midlands Province .
Malolos , officially the City of Malolos ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Malolos ) , is a first class urban component city in the Philippines .
Ba Bể Lake ( Vietnamese : Hồ Ba Bể ; Ba means Three , Bể is from the Tay language word pé , meaning `` lake '' ) is the largest natural lake in Vietnam .
The Old Salt Route was a medieval trade route in northern Germany , one of the ancient network of salt roads which were used primarily for the transport of salt and other staples .
Nevsky District ( Russian : Не́вский райо́н ) is a district of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
Uppsalaåsen is an esker ridge that winds its way across Uppland in Sweden .
La Amelia is a Pre - Columbian Maya archaeological site near Itzan , in the lower Pasión River region of the Petén Department of Guatemala .
Kirseberg ( literally `` Cherry hill '' ) was a city district ( Swedish : stadsdel ) in the north of Malmö Municipality , Sweden .
Csanádpalota ( in Romanian : Palatul Cenad ) is a town in the Makó - region of Csongrád county , in Hungary 's Southern Great Plain .
The Lage vuurtoren van IJmuiden ( `` low lighthouse of IJmuiden '' ) is a round , cast - iron lighthouse in IJmuiden , Netherlands , designed by Quirinus Harder .
Lodine ( Sardinian : Lodìne ) is a town and comune in the province of Nuoro , Sardinia , Italy .
Mont Caro ( Catalan pronunciation : ( muŋ ˈkaɾu ) , locally : ( moŋ ˈkaɾo ) ) or Caro is the highest mountain of the Ports de Tortosa - Beseit , Catalonia , Spain .
The Pipeline Headquarter of Oil India situated in Narengi .
Kríže ( German : Kreuz ) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Libmanan Airport ( Filipino : Paliparan ng Libmanan , Bikol : Palayogan nin Libmanan ) is a planned Botog Lang airport that would serve the municipality of Libmanan and also the Province of Camarines Sur in the Philippines .
Ra 's Lanuf Airport is an airport in the Sirte District of Libya , located approximately 227 km south - southwest of Benghazi .
Srednja Bela ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnja ˈbeːla ) ; German : Mittervellach ) is a village in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cadet College Swat is an established military prep school and college located in Swat , Pakistan .
Vysoké Studnice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪsokɛːˈstuɟɲɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
The original High School of Glasgow was founded as the Choir School of Glasgow Cathedral in around 1124 , and was the oldest school in Scotland , and the twelfth oldest in the United Kingdom until its closure in 1976 .
The Brockville railway station in Brockville , Ontario , Canada is served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal .
Samachablo ( Georgian : სამაჩაბლო ) is a Georgian historical district in Shida Kartli , Georgia , which lies entirely within the disputed South Ossetia Region .
Kalateh - ye Reza Khan ( Persian : كلاته رضاخان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Reẕā Khān and Kalāteh - ye Rezā Khān ; also known as Kalāteh and Kalāteh - ye Yūsef ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sediq Zehi ( Persian : صديق زهي‎ , also Romanized as Şedīq Zehī ; also known as Şaddīqzī and Şeddīq Zā’ī ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Buildings in Kappara Stella Maris College Antonio Bosio Secondary School Chiswick House School University of Malta Mater Dei Hospital Ta ' Cieda Tower Ta ' Xindi Farmhouse
Carters Beach is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island , located 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) west of Westport on State Highway 67a .
Abakan International Airport ( Russian : Международный Аэропорт Абакан , IATA : ABA , ICAO : UNAA ) is an airport located in Abakan , Republic of Khakassia , Russia .
The Sanctuary of Our Lady of Ludźmierz in Ludźmierz , Poland is home to Our Lady of Ludźmierz , known as the Shepherdess of Podhale or in Polish Gaździna Podhala .
Kovanj ( Serbian : Ковањ ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hatyai Hospital ( Thai : โรงพยาบาลหาดใหญ่ ) is a general hospital in Hat Yai , Songkhla Province , Thailand .
Hellak ( Persian : هلك‎ , also Romanized as Helak ) is a village in Famur Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Potoška Vas ( pronounced ( pɔˈtoːʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Potoška vas , German : Potoschkawas ) is a village north of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Juvasshytta is a mountain tourist station with restaurant and accommodation , located in Jotunheimen , in Lom municipality , Norway .
German submarine U-847 was a long - range Type IXD2 U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . Laid down in Bremen and launched on 5 September 1942 .
Kočevska Reka ( pronounced ( kɔˈtʃeːu̯ska ˈɾeːka ) ; German : Rieg ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Center Sandholm , or Sandholm , is a public institution for asylum seekers in Denmark .
Hammam Qaleh ( Persian : حمامقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩammām Qal``eh ) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 883 , in 208 families .
Białczyn ( ˈbjau̯t͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Lilienthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Beginning in the later half of the 19th century , many emigrated from Kasos , initially to Egypt ( about 5,000 people ) , then to Istanbul , Greece , USA and South Africa .
Kalueh ( Persian : كلوعه‎ , also Romanized as Kalū``eh ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 23 , in 6 families .
Canadian Bush Party is a Canadian punk trio from Canada , formed by Sheppy Fortrell , Jimi Payne , and Bucky Lopez in Vancouver , British Columbia in 1977 .
The Brockville Ontario Speedway is a 3/8 mile dirt track in the community of Forthton , Ontario , Canada .
Sachs Harbour is a hamlet located in the Inuvik Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
The World Costume Festival is an international fashion festival held every two years in the Philippines city of Vigan City in Ilocos Sur .
The Pamir - Alay ( also Pamiro - Alai , Russian : Памиро-Алай ) is a mountain system in Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan , part of the Pamir Mountains .
Tarapoa is located in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador .
Gol Besar ( Persian : گل بسر‎ ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Bayernhymne ( Hymn of Bavaria ) is the official anthem of the Free State of Bavaria .
Teatro de La Caridad or Teatro La Caridad ( Spanish for `` Charity 's Theater '' ) , located in Santa Clara , is one of the few remaining colonial theatres in Cuba .
Aouderas ( alt : Adharous , Auderas ) is an oasis village in the Aïr Mountains of northeastern Niger , about 90 km ( 56 mi ) north - northeast of the regional capital of Agadez .
Confignon is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva , Switzerland .
The Émosson Dam ( French : Barrage d'Émosson ) is a hydroelectric dam development located in Switzerland in the canton of Valais .
The Port of Kolkata ( Bengali : কলকাতা বন্দর ) is a riverine port in the city of Kolkata , India , located around 203 kilometres ( 126 mi ) from the sea .
Dilworth School is an independent ( private ) full boarding school for boys in Auckland , New Zealand .
Het Noord Nederlands Orkest ( NNO ; English , North Netherlands Symphony Orchestra ) is a Dutch symphony orchestra based in Groningen .
Sasolburg is a large industrial town in the far north of the Free State province of South Africa .
Yamasubaru Dam is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1932 .
Leqinat lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Leqinatit or Leqinati or Liqeni i Kuqishtës ; Serbian : Jezero Lićenat , Језеро Лићенат ) is a mountain lake found on the Mount Leqinat in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo .
Alstermo IF Handboll are a professional handball team based in Alstermo , Sweden .
The Château du Verduron also known as the Château des Sphinx owes its original fame to Louis Blouin , who held the prominent position of head valet in the court of Louis XIV of France from 1704 until 1715 .
The Battle of the Paracel Islands was a military engagement between the naval forces of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) and those of the Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) in the Paracel Islands on January 19 , 1974 .
Stanjevci ( pronounced ( ˈstaːnjɛu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Kerkaszabadhegy ) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Telectronics Pty Limited was incorporated in Sydney , Australia , in 1963(1)(2)(3 ) by technician and initial financier Noel Gray and engineer Geoffrey Wickham initially designing and manufacturing industrial and scientific instruments but diversifying into medical electronics and commencing cardiac pacemaker research in 1964 .
Kaligandaki A Hydroelectric Power Station is situated near Mirmi of Syangja District about 300 km to the west of Kathmandu and 100 km from Pokhara in the same direction in Nepal .
European School of Law and Administration ( ESLA ) ( Polish : Europejska Wyższa Szkoła Prawa i Administracji ( EWSPA ) ) established in Warsaw ( Poland , EU ) is a private Polish University founded in 1997 .
Grgići ( Serbian : Гргићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Hungry Mile is the name harbourside workers gave to the docklands area of Darling Harbour East , in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia in the Great Depression .
San Phak Wan ( Thai : สันผักหวาน ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Hang Dong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Uolba ( Russian : Уолба ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Uolbinsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 33 kilometers ( 21 mi ) from Ytyk - Kyuyol , the administrative center of the district .
The Leveson - Gower Dukes of Sutherland became one of the richest families in the United Kingdom partly as a result of this industrial development and in the late nineteenth century built a new residence , Lilleshall Hall which lies at the heart of the estate a mile from the village .
The Koralpe ( Slovene : Golica or Gola planina ) , also referred to as Koralm , is a mountain range in southern Austria which separates eastern Carinthia from southern Styria .
Northwich has been named as one of the best places to live in the United Kingdom according to The Sunday Times in 2014 .
Suure - Jaani is a town in the northern part of the county of Viljandimaa in Southern Central Estonia , 25 kilometres north of the town of Viljandi .
Cesano Maderno is a town and comune of about 37,110 inhabitants in the province of Monza and Brianza , Lombardy , northern Italy .
Orizona is a municipality in Goiás state , Brazil .
Storö - Bockö - Lökaö Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Storö - Bockö - Lökaö naturreservat , also known as Möjaskärgården or Möja archipelago ) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden .
Višnji Grm ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːʃnji ˈɡəɾm ) ) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Sasaima ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saˈsaima ) ) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca .
Vodiško ( pronounced ( ʋɔˈdiːʃkɔ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Barzavand Rural District ( Persian : دهستان برزاوند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Djuma Game Reserve , is a 9,000 ha private game reserve which is part of the Sabi Sands Private Game Reserve , Mpumalanga Province , South Africa .
Taman Connaught ( Chinese : --- ) is a main township in Cheras , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Aarhus University ( Danish : Aarhus Universitet , abbreviated AU ) is a prestigious public university located in Aarhus , Denmark .
Sajevče ( pronounced ( ˈsaːjɛu̯tʃɛ ) ) is a small village in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Sykuła ( sɨˈkuwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Qurayyah IPP ( QIPP ) is a large gas and fuel oil fired combined cycle power station currently under construction in Qurayyah , Saudi Arabia .
Zakho District ( Arabic : قضاء زاخو‎ , translit . qaḍāʾ Zāḫū ; Central Kurdish : قەزای زاخۆ‎ , translit . qezayê Zaxo ) is a district in northwestern Dohuk Governorate within the Kurdistan Region of northern Iraq .
Cape Fourcroy Light is an active lighthouse located on Cape Fourcroy , on the southwestern tip of Bathurst Island , Northern Territory , Australia .
Tumbler Ridge Secondary School ( or TRSS ) is a public high school in Tumbler Ridge , British Columbia , Canada .
Tang - e Narak ( Persian : تنگ نارك‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Nārak ) is a village in Tang - e Narak Rural District , in the Central District of Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chrysa ( Greek : Χρυσά ) is a western quarter of the town Xanthi , in northern Greece .
Kuseife ( Hebrew : כְּסֵיפָה , Kseifa ; Arabic : كسيفة‎ ) is a Bedouin town ( local council ) in the Southern District of Israel .
The Bahr el Ghazal is a region of western South Sudan .
Skibhusene is a small village and northeastern suburb of Odense , Denmark .
Deh - e Rajab ( Persian : ده رجب‎ ) is a village in Sardshir Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hughes Europe is the European operating and sales organisation for Hughes Network Systems , LLC ( HUGHES ) in Europe Through its three facilities in Germany , Great Britain and Italy , Hughes Europe offers satellite - based and terrestrial broadband network solutions and services for companies and official institutions .
Rabak ( ربك ) is a city in south - eastern Sudan and the capital of the Sudanese state of White Nile .
Puka Salla ( Quechua puka red , salla large cliff of gravel , `` red cliff of gravel '' , hispanicized spelling Pucasalla ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
The Maatsuyker Islands are a group of islands and rocks located 5.5 kilometres ( 3.4 mi ) off the south coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Montague Island Light is an active lighthouse on Montague Island , an island 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) offshore from Narooma on the south coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Katakonozi is the name of a neighborhood in Serres , Greece .
Pohrebyshche ( Ukrainian : Погребище ) is a small city in Vinnytsia Oblast , Ukraine .
The Grignan - Les Adhemar AOC ( formerly the Côteaux du Tricastin ) is the northernmost wine - growing AOC in the southern area of the Rhône wine region of France .
Guli is a village in Dhania Union of Bhola Sadar Upazila , Bhola District , Barisal Division , Bangladesh .
The Theatre Museum in the Covent Garden district of London , England , was the United Kingdom 's national museum of the performing arts .
When in 1931 football became professional in Argentina with the creation of dissident Liga Argentina de Football , Estudiantil Porteño stayed in the official league that had remained amateur .
The Bodø Region ( Norwegian : Bodøregionen ) is a metropolitan region in Nordland county in northern Norway , centered on the town of Bodø .
Songtan is an area in the northern end of Pyeongtaek , Gyeonggido , South Korea .
Valparaíso de Goiás is a municipality in east - central Goiás state , Brazil .
Crown Street Women 's Hospital ( now - closed ) was once the largest maternity hospital in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Ndete Napu is a fumarole field in the center of Flores island , Indonesia .
Teljä ( also Telja or Tälje ) was late Iron Age and early Middle Ages settlement in Finland at the historical province of Satakunta .
Klitterbadet is a bath house in Falkenberg , Sweden .
Batuje ( pronounced ( baˈtuːjɛ ) ; Italian : Battùglia ) is a settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
TheStreckelsberg is an approximately 58 metre high coastal cliff on the island of Usedom in North Germany .
Zernograd ( Russian : Зерногра́д ) is a town and the administrative center of Zernogradsky District in Rostov Oblast , Russia , located 71 kilometers ( 44 mi ) southeast of Rostov - on - Don , the administrative center of the oblast .
Varennes - en - Argonne or simply Varennes is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Antiques Psychic is a Canadian television series on Canada 's Canadian Learning Television and Access Alberta , 2004 - 2005 .
Hesar - e Bahram Khan ( Persian : حصاربهرام خان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Bahrām Khān and Ḩeşār - e Bahrāmkhān ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pantuwaraya Lake National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in barangay Pantao Raya in the municipality of Saguiaran , Lanao del Sur .
The Onggi Folk Museum , located in Seoul , South Korea is a private museum specializing in onggi , Korean earthenware which is used for storage and utilitarian purposes .
The McIlwraith Range is a rugged , dissected granite plateau on the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland , Australia .
The Bay of Concepción is a natural bay on the coast of the Province of Concepción in the Bío Bío Region of Chile .
Dimapur is the largest city in Nagaland , India .
Khushhal railway station ( Urdu : خوشحال ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Khushhal village , Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan .
La Laurentienne Building ( French : Édifice La Laurentienne ) is a 102 m ( 335 ft ) , 27-story skyscraper in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Hilton Athens is a hotel in Athens , Greece .
Božič Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈbɔːʒitʃ ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Antaramej ( Armenian : Անտառամեջ - meaning In the Woods , also Romanized as Antarramej and Antaramech ; until recently , Meshakend , until 1978 , Yanighpaya and Yanykhpaya ) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
CIWW is not a clear - channel station , but is the only station in Canada broadcasting on 1310 AM ; it uses a daytime 2-tower directional antenna , and a nighttime 5-tower directional antenna .
The Boğsak Tunnel is a road tunnel located in Silifke , Mersin Province in southern Turkey as part of the highway D.400 .
Kalapet , or Kalapettai , is a town and enclave in the Union territory of Puducherry , India .
Chittagong Medical College ( CMC ) ( Bengali : চট্টগ্রাম মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 1957 .
Tauranga City Council is the local government authority for Tauranga City in New Zealand .
Mala Bosna ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мала Босна ) is a village located in the Subotica municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
Sezar ( Persian : سزار‎ , also Romanized as Sezār ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Markuhak ( Persian : ماركوهك‎ , also Romanized as Mārḵūhaḵ ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pyrnik ( ˈpɨrnik ) ( German : Pirnig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Barastu ( Persian : برستو‎ , also Romanized as Barastū ; also known as Parastū ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Beh Kaleh ( Persian : به كله‎ ; also known as Behkolā ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gowienica is a river of Poland , a right tributary of the Oder .
Yuxarı Qəsil ( also , Juxari Qəsil and Yukhary Kasil '' ) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Volcán Jumaytepeque is a stratovolcano in south - eastern Guatemala .
Vyšní Lhoty ( German : Ober Ellgoth , Polish : Ligota Górna ) is a village in the Frýdek - Místek District , Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
St. Thomas ' College , Matale ( Sinhala : මාතලේ ශාන්ත තෝමස් විද්‍යාලය ) , or ( STC ) , is a government secondary school for boys located in Matale , Sri Lanka .
Isilkul ( Russian : Исильку́ль ) is a town in Omsk Oblast , Russia , located 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) west of Omsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Riga ( /ˈriːɡə/ ; Latvian : Rīga , pronounced ( ˈriːɡa ) ) is the capital and the largest city of Latvia .
Luchob ( Persian : لوچاب ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Gosbank ( Russian : Госбанк , Государственный банк СССР , Gosudarstvenny bank SSSR -- the State Bank of the USSR ) was the central bank of the Soviet Union and the only bank whatsoever in the entire Union from the 1930s to 1987 .
Marau Sound is a location in the Solomon Islands ; it is located at the eastern end of Guadalcanal Island , in Guadalcanal Province .
Apure State ( Spanish : Estado Apure , IPA : ( esˈtaðo aˈpuɾe ) ) is one of the 23 states ( estados ) into which Venezuela is divided .
Mbaluko is a village in central Malawi near Lake Malawi .
Mitiga International Airport ( IATA : MJI , ICAO : HLLM ) ( مطار معيتيقة الدولي ) is an airport in Libya , located about 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) east of Tripoli 's city center .
Gornja Oraovica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горња Ораовица ) is a village in Croatia .
Hailakandi Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India , used during the Burma Campaign 1944 - 1945 .
The United Kingdom Census 2001 found that 20,749 people were living in the Birmingham City Council ward of Edgbaston , in 8,666 households .
Okenyi is a town located in the east of Ankpa Local Government Area of Kogi State , Nigeria .
The IIPM School of Management ( IIPM SoM ) is an educational institution which was started in the year 2007 by the Indian Institute of Production Management , a government of Odisha institution based in Kansbahal , near Rourkela , Odisha , India .
Nazhaveh ( Persian : نژاوه‎ , also Romanized as Nazhāveh ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Matapu is a locality in southern Taranaki Region of New Zealand .
The Guerilla Warfare School was a commando and special operations training centre at Tidal River , Victoria , Australia during the Second World War .
Orlovat ( Serbian Cyrillic : Орловат ) is a village in Serbia .
The Uele River , also spelled Welle River , is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
As of 2011 India census , 29 DWD had a population of 969 in 173 households .
Waiwerang is a village on Adonara Island , Indonesia .
Croda da Lago is a small mountain chain in the central Dolomites in Veneto , northern Italy , just east of the Giau Pass .
The Aquarium Berlin in Berlin is one of Germany 's largest aquariums .
The Holstein Party ( Swedish : Holsteinska partiet ) , was the name of a political group in 18th - century Sweden which played a significant role in politics after the death of Charles XII of Sweden in 1718 and until 1727 .
North Pole Stream is a tributary to the Little Southwest Miramichi River , with its headwaters in the Christmas Mountains of north - central , New Brunswick , Canada .
Brzozowe Błoto ( bʐɔˈzɔvɛ ˈbwɔtɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Shirati is a town in North Mara , Tanzania on the shore above Lake Victoria , near the border with Kenya .
Kharajgil Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خرجگيل‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mawlaik ( Burmese : မော်လိုက် ( mɔ̀ laɪʔ ) ) is a town in Mawlaik District , Sagaing Region in northwest Burma ( Myanmar ) , along the Chindwin River .
Radnevo ( Раднево ) is a town in southern Bulgaria , part of Stara Zagora Province , located in the eastern Upper Thracian Lowlands .
CDU / CSU , unofficially the Union parties ( German : Unionsparteien ) or Union , is the political alliance of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) and Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) .
Wasini Island lies in southeast Kenya 3 km . off the coast of the Indian Ocean 75 km . south of Mombasa 3 km opposite the harbour of the village Shimoni .
The Nairobi Club Ground is a multi - use sports venue in Upper Hill , Nairobi , Kenya .
Reigolil River ( Spanish : Río Reigolil , Spanish pronunciation : ( reiˈɣolil ) ) is the main tributary to Trancura River in La Araucanía Region , Chile .
Dutovlje ( pronounced ( ˈduːtɔu̯ljɛ ) ; Italian : Duttogliano ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Italy .
Jorge Wilstermann International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Wilstermann ) ( IATA : CBB , ICAO : SLCB ) is an airport serving Cochabamba , a city in the Cochabamba Department of Bolivia .
Lachawa ( laˈxava ) ( Ukrainian : Ляхава , Liakhava ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Şıxməhlə is a village in the municipality of Şağlazüzə in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kamionki Małe ( kaˈmjɔnki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łysomice , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bozhentsi ( Bulgarian : Боженци ; also variously transliterated as Bozhenci , Bojenci , Bojenzi , Boženci , Bojentsi , Bojentzi , Bozhentzi , etc . ) , officially but not commonly Bozhentsite ( Боженците ) , is a village and architectural reserve in Gabrovo municipality , Gabrovo Province , in central northern Bulgaria .
Hrubieszów ( xruˈbʲɛʂuf ) ( Ukrainian : Грубешів Hrubeshiv , Yiddish : הרויעשאוו‎ ) is a town in southeastern Poland , with a population of 18,617 ( 2006 ) .
Swabians settled also in eastern Croatia ( Slavonia and Syrmia ) , and southern and eastern Hungary , including part of what is now Serbia and Romania ( the Danube Swabians , Satu Mare Swabians , Banat Swabians and Swabian Turkey ) in the 18th century , where they were invited as pioneers to repopulate some areas .
Helnæs is an island on the southwestern coast of Funen , Denmark , southwest of Haarby and northwest of Faaborg .
Arablu Kandi ( Persian : عربلوكندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Arablū Kandī ) is a village in Savalan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 242 , in 46 families .
Poladowo ( pɔlaˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Zumsteinspitze ( Punta Zumstein in Italian ) ( 4,563 m ) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland .
Küman ( also , Koman ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Hyde Farm Estate is a residential area situated in Balham , a district of south London , in the United Kingdom .
The Pudding Shop is the nickname for the Lale Restaurant in the Sultanahmet neighborhood of Istanbul , Turkey .
Petišovci ( Hungarian : Petesháza ) is a settlement south of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Gornoye Ozero mine is a large niobium mine located in eastern Russia in Sakha Republic .
Nakhodka ( Russian : Находка ; IPA : ( nɐˈxotkə ) ) is a port city in Primorsky Krai , Russia , located on the Trudny Peninsula jutting into the Nakhodka Bay of the Sea of Japan , about 85 kilometers ( 53 mi ) east of Vladivostok , the administrative center of the krai .
Lielzalve Manor is a two - storey manor house built in the 19th century in the historical region of Selonia , Latvia .
Biseh ( Persian : بيسه‎‎ , also Romanized as Bīseh ; also known as Bīsheh , Nasyeh , and Pīseh ) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Rawalpindi Cantonment is a large cantonment located in Rawalpindi , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Derazan ( Persian : درازان‎ , also Romanized as Derāzān ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Seedcorn is the funding mechanism of the Department for Food Agriculture and Rural Affairs ( DEFRA ) , in the United Kingdom .
Muzi Bagh ( Persian : موزي باغ‎ , also Romanized as Mūzī Bāgh ) is a village in Rudpey - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Marie Anusorn School ( Thai : โรงเรียนมารีย์อนุสรณ์ ) is a private school located in Buriram Province , Thailand .
The Patho Plains Important Bird Area comprises a 794 km2 tract of mainly pastoral farmland near the town of Gunbower in north - central Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Wester - Koggenland ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality of the Netherlands , located in the province of North Holland and the region of West - Frisia .
Toward North ( Italian : Verso Nord , VN ) is a liberal and federalist political association based in Veneto , Italy .
Kamu Bazar ( Persian : كموبازار‎ , also Romanized as Kāmū Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Albright , Alberta is an unincorporated locality within northwest Alberta , Canada within the County of Grande Prairie No . 1 .
Moezabad ( Persian : معزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Mo``ezābād ) is a village in Moezziyeh Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 683 , in 170 families .
The Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum is a natural history museum in the Prince of Songkla University in southern Thailand .
Mustassaare is a village in Sõmerpalu Parish , Võru County , in southeastern Estonia .
Myachkovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Мячково ) ( ICAO : UUBM ) is an airport in Moscow Oblast , Russia located 31 km southeast of Moscow .
Hauge Church ( Norwegian : Hauge kyrkje ) is a parish church in Lærdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Sarsawa Air Force Station is located approximately 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) from Saharanpur City , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Esquíbel ( official Basque name : Eskibel ) is a village in Álava , Basque Country , Spain .
Lesosibirsk ( Russian : Лесосиби́рск ) is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located on the Yenisei River .
The Sher - e - Bangla National Cricket Stadium ( SBNCS ; Bengali : শের - ই - বাংলা জাতীয় ক্রিকেট স্টেডিয়াম ) , also called Mirpur Stadium , is a cricket ground in Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh .
The Diocese of Aarhus ( Danish : Århus Stift ) is one of 10 diocese in the Church of Denmark , with headquarters in the city of Aarhus .
The Boudigau is a coastal river of the Landes , in Aquitaine , Southwest France .
The Curiche Grande River ( also known in English as the Corixa Grande River ; in Brazil it is called Corixa Grande , and in Bolivia Curiche Grande ) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil .
Tutuiyeh ( Persian : توتوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Tūtū’īyeh ; also known as Now Tū’īyeh ) is a village in Pariz Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Qırızdəhnə ( also , Qırız - Dəhnə ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Longlevens is an area of Gloucester , United Kingdom .
In 1996 , Farmer 's Daughter signed to Universal Music Canada and released their second album , Makin ' Hay , in September .
Olenitsa ( Russian : Оленица ) is the rural locality ( a Selo ) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Kazi Ahmed also written as Qazi Ahmad is a town in Shaheed Benazir Abad District ( formerly Nawabshah District ) , Sindh province , Pakistan .
Velo - Vocha ( Greek : Βέλο-Βόχα ) is a municipality in the Corinthia regional unit , Peloponnese , Greece .
Barm Shahzadeh Abdollah ( Persian : برم شاهزاده عبداله‎ , also Romanized as Barm Shāhzādeh `` Abdollāh ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 169 , in 29 families .
The Karkonosze National Park ( Polish : Karkonoski Park Narodowy ) is a National Park in the Karkonosze ( Czech : Krkonoše ) Mountains in southwestern Poland , along the border with the Czech Republic .
Namiki - Kita Station ( 並木北駅 ) is a station on the Kanazawa Seaside Line , located in Kanazawa - ku , Yokohama , Japan .
Probištip ( Macedonian : Пробиштип ( ˈprɔbiʃtip ) ) is a town in Macedonia , and seat of Probištip Municipality .
Restaurant ' t Misverstant is a restaurant located in Den Bosch , Netherlands .
Eminönü is a former district of Istanbul in Turkey , now a neighbourhood of Fatih district .
Lopérec ( Breton : Lopereg ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Kunde & Co is one of Denmark 's largest full - service branding and advertising agencies with 165 employees of more than 10 different nationalities as of 2012 .
The Kabul Times , established in 1962 , was the first English language printed newspaper in Afghanistan .
Apulia First of All ( La Puglia Prima di Tutto , PPT ) is a regionalist - centrist political party in Italy active in Apulia , as local branch of Forza Italia .
The Russell Group is a self - selected association of 24 public research universities , with a shared reputation for academic prestige , situated in the United Kingdom .
Spencer Plaza(Tamil : ஸ்பென்சர் பிளாசா ) is a shopping mall located on Anna Salai in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India , and is one of the modern landmarks of the city .
Pătârlagele ( also spelled Pătîrlagele ; pronounced ( pətɨrˈlad͡ʒele ) ) is a town in Buzău County , Romania .
Angkor Chum District ( Khmer : ស្រុកអង្គរជុំ , literally `` City of the Periphery '' ) is a district of Siem Reap Province , in north western Cambodia .
Levpa ( pronounced ( ˈleːu̯pa ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills to the east of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Abrahám ( Hungarian : Ábrahám ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Unionen is the second biggest trade union in Sweden and the biggest white - collar union in the world .
Pully ( French pronunciation : ​(pyˈji ) ) is a municipality in Switzerland in the canton of Vaud , located in the district of Lavaux - Oron .
Bornholms Middelaldercenter ( Bornholm 's Medieval Centre ) is a family attraction near Østerlars in northeastern Bornholm , Denmark .
Malence ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɛntsɛ ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia .
Battambang Airport ( Khmer : ព្រលានយន្តហោះខេត្តបាត់តំបង ) ( IATA : BBM , ICAO : VDBG ) is an airport serving Battambang , a city in Battambang Province , Cambodia .
Medvezhya ( Russian : Медве́жий ; Japanese : 茂世路岳 , Moyoro - dake ) is a volcanic complex located at the northern end of Iturup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Mowtowr - e Molla Bakhsh Kuseh ( Persian : موتورملابخش كوسه‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mollā Bakhsh Kūseh ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gndevaz ( Armenian : Գնդեվազ ) , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
Geitungen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Geitungen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Karmøy in Rogaland county , Norway .
Batzra ( Hebrew : בָּצְרָה ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Cristóbal Island ( in Spanish : Isla San Cristóbal ) is a mostly deforested 37 km2 island located south of Isla Colón , in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago , Panama .
Shahin Tappeh ( Persian : شاهين تپه‎ , also Romanized as Shāhīn Tappeh ; also known as Shān Tappeh , Shantepe , and Shan - Teppe ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Paschim Maharashtra is a region of India 's western Maharashtra state , which includes districts of Pune , Solapur , Satara , Sangli , and Kolhapur This prosperous belt is famous for its sugar factories .
Davarunuiyeh ( Persian : داورونوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Dāvarānū’īyeh and Davaranoo’eyeh ; also known as Dābrū’īyeh and Dābrūnū’īyeh ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Propeller Recordings is a small independent record label , a publishing company and a management agency located in Norway .
Bukit Kiara is an affluent suburb of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Department of Business Development and Technology ( or BTECH for short ) is a university department centre for research and higher education under Aarhus University , located in Herning , Denmark .
The Teatro Argentina is an opera house and theatre located in Largo di Torre Argentina , a square in Rome , Italy .
Westfalenbahn GmbH is a private railway company operating regional train service in Lower Saxony and North Rhine - Westphalia , northern Germany .
The Hara Museum of Contemporary Art is one of the oldest museums of contemporary art in Japan .
Stolk is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Brankovo ( pronounced ( ˈbraːŋkɔvɔ ) ; German : Brankou ) is a small settlement on the edge of the valley known as Mišja dolina ( literally , ' Monks ' valley ' ) , three km west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Afutara Airport is an airport near the village of Afutara on Malaita in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : AFT , ICAO : AGAF ) .
Kafeh Murtak ( Persian : كافه مورتك‎ , also Romanized as Kāfeh Mūrtak ) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Okahenge is a village in the Ohangwena Region of Namibia in the Engela constituency .
Planina pri Sevnici ( pronounced ( plaˈniːna pri ˈseːu̯nitsi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Šentjur in eastern Slovenia .
The Chaim Sheba Medical Center at Tel HaShomer ( Hebrew : המרכז הרפואי ע``ש חיים שיבא -- תל השומר‎ ) , also Tel HaShomer Hospital , is a hospital in Israel , located in the Tel HaShomer area of Ramat Gan .
Suffield National Wildlife Area ( SNWA ) is a National Wildlife Area located within the boundaries of CFB Suffield in Alberta , Canada .
Muhametzhan Tuimebayev ( Kazakh : Мұхаметжан Түймебаев ; formerly Ashchybulak ) is a village in the Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Zonguldak is a city and the capital of Zonguldak Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Cortiço , or gueto ( both are Brazilian Portuguese - language equivalents for `` ghetto '' , and `` cortiços '' means `` beehives '' ) , is a common Portuguese term used in Brazil and Portugal for an area of concentrated , high density urban housing where many people live in poverty with poor sanitation and hygiene conditions .
Edda is a clan that makes up the entire local government area of Afikpo South in Ebonyi State , Nigeria .
Muttrah , ( Arabic : مطرح‎ ) administratively a district , is located in the Muscat province of Oman .
Kal pri Krmelju ( pronounced ( ˈkaːu̯ pɾi kəɾˈmeːlju ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Jirhandeh ( Persian : جيرهنده‎ , also Romanized as Jīrhandeh ) is a village in Jirhandeh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The 19th arrondissement of Paris is one of the 20 arrondissements ( administrative districts ) of the capital city of France .
Štrukljeva Vas ( pronounced ( ˈʃtɾuːkljɛʋa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Štrukljeva vas ) is a small village east of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Hof van Sonoy was a restaurant located in Blokzijl , Netherlands .
The Falkland Islands Government built a network of all weather roads around East and West Falkland , Port Howard is at the northern end of the West Falkland network .
Siah Manseh - ye Pain ( Persian : سياه منسه پائين‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Manseh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Pā’īn Sīāh Mūneseh , Seyāh Mūneseh , Sīāh Mūneseh , and Sīāh Mūnseh ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pelluebla is a locality in Victoria , Australia in the Shire of Moira local government area .
Rüti Abbey ( Swiss German : Prämonstratenserkloster Rüti ) was a former Premonstratensian abbey , founded in 1206 and suppressed in 1525 on occasion of the Reformation in Zürich , situated in the municipality of Rüti in the canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Chaudhary Charan Singh University ( CCS University ; Hindi : चौधरी चरण सिंह विश्वविद्यालय ) , formerly Meerut University , is a public state university located in Meerut , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Taunggyi ( Burmese : တောင်ကြီးမြို့ ; MLCTS : taung kri : mrui . ( tàʊɴdʑí mjo̰ ) ; Shan : ဝဵင်းတွင်ႇၵျီး ( weŋ tɔŋ kji ) ) is the capital of Shan State , Myanmar .
Iliwerung is a volcano in the south - central part of the island Lembata in Indonesia .
Grzybno Górne ( ˈɡʐɨbnɔ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marhama Edu - support Programme It is an educational service programme run by Students Islamic Organisation of India ( SIO ) Peringolam Unit .
Patreksfjörður Airport or Patreksfjordur Airport ( IATA : PFJ , ICAO : BIPA ) is an airport serving Patreksfjörður , Iceland .
Donji Žirovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Жировац ) is a village in Croatia .
Zalužnica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Залужница ) is a village in the Gacka valley in Lika - Senj County , Croatia .
Vallam Plateau is a high - lying tableland situated to the south of the town of Thanjavur in Tamil Nadu , India .
The Sanctuary of Nuestra Señora de los Remedios ( Spanish : Santuario de Nuestra Señora de los Remedios ) is a sanctuary located in Fuensanta , Spain .
Butmas is a small community in the island nation of Vanuatu , home to the families of six local clan lineages .
Dverberg is a small village and a former municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
Käina ( German : Keinis ) is a small borough ( alevik ) in Hiiu County in Estonia .
Hradec Králové Airport is a public domestic and private international airport located about 3 km ( 1 mi ) from Hradec Králové , in east Bohemia , Czech Republic in the town of Hradec Králové .
Sporthalle Hamburg , also known as Alsterdorfer Sporthalle , is an indoor arena in Hamburg , Germany .
Lakawon , also called Llacaon , is a 13-hectare , banana - shaped island off the coast of Cadiz in the northern portion of Negros Occidental , a province in the Western Visayas region of the Philippines .
Halabor ( Ukrainian : Галабор , Hungarian : Halábor ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Mutnovsky ( Russian : Мутновский ) is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Balkanabat ( Балканабат , بلخان آباد ) , formerly Nebit Dag , is a city in western Turkmenistan , and the capital of Balkan Province , the largest province in the country .
Tarshian ( Persian : ترشيان‎ , also Romanized as Tarshīān ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bendemeer Secondary School ( abbreviation : BDMSS ) is a co - educational neighbourhood government secondary school in Kallang , Singapore .
German submarine U-218 was a Type VIID mine - laying U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . Laid down on 17 March 1941 as yard number 650 and launched on 5 December , she was commissioned on 24 January 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Richard Becker .
Qezel Qayeh - ye Vosta ( Persian : قزل قيه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dinkel is a river in Germany and the Netherlands , left tributary of the Vecht .
The Swedish Taxpayers ' Association ( Skattebetalarnas förening ) is an association and taxpayers union in Sweden which advocates low taxes and efficiency in the public sector .
The Glorieuses or Glorioso Islands ( French : Îles Glorieuses or officially also Archipel des Glorieuses ) are a group of French islands and rocks totalling 5 square kilometres ( 1,200 acres ) , at 11 ° 33′S 47 ° 20′E , in the northern Mozambique channel , about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) northwest of Madagascar .
The Portland railway line is a railway line in south - western Victoria , Australia .
Nitte is the home of Nitte Education Trust , a prominent educational institution in Karnataka , attracting students from all over India and abroad .
Grimmen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡʁɪmən ) ) is a town in Vorpommern - Rügen , a district in the Bundesland Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Zeeland Bridge ( Dutch : Zeelandbrug ) is the longest bridge in the Netherlands .
Bzenec ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbzɛnɛts ) ; German : Bisenz ) is a town in the southeast of Moravia , in the Czech Republic .
The Herzegovina Museum is a museum in Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina containing items associated with the history of the area .
Wilskerke is a small rural village in Belgium , situated in de Polder region , about 1.5 km from the coastline .
Burmese cuisine includes dishes from various regions of Burma ( now officially known as Myanmar ) .
Menguiyeh ( Persian : منگويه‎ , also Romanized as Mengūīyeh ; also known as Mengenūyeh ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vilnohirsk ( Ukrainian : Вільногірськ , Russian : Вольногорск ) is a town in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The Malagarasi River is a river of southeastern Burundi and northwestern Tanzania , flowing through Kigoma Region .
The Dallol Bosso ' ( Zarma : Boboye ) is one of two major seasonal river valleys in southwest Niger .
The Victorian Women 's Football League ( VWFL ) is the oldest and largest Australian rules football league for women in the world , consisting of 31 clubs from Victoria , Australia across six divisions and a total of over 1,000 players .
The LIWA Heights is a 41-floor tower part of the Jumeirah Lake Towers in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Yelwa is a town in Kebbi State , Nigeria on the Niger River and the A1 highway .
Carosino is a town and comune in the province of Taranto , in the northern Salento , part of the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
The A612 road is an A - class road in the United Kingdom running between Nottingham and Averham , on the A617 near Newark .
Svensk mediedatabas ( Swedish Media Database ) is a search engine for the audiovisual works of the National Library of Sweden .
Vågstranda is a village along the Romsdalsfjorden in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Nur Mountains ( Turkish : Nur Dağları , `` Mountains of Holy Light '' ) , the ancient Amanus ( Ancient Greek : Ἁμανός ) , is a mountain range in the Hatay Province of south - central Turkey , which runs roughly parallel to the Gulf of İskenderun .
Kalmat - e Shalu ( Persian : كلمت شالو‎ , also Romanized as Kalmat - e Shālū ; also known as Kalmat ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shamshernagar Airport ( IATA : ZHM , ICAO : VGSH ) is a public use airport 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) southeast of Moulvibazar , Bangladesh .
Piątnica ( pjɔntˈnit͡sa ) ( until 1999 Piątnica Poduchowna ) is a village in Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wellington City Council is a territorial authority in the Wellington urban area of New Zealand .
Sallum , As Sallum , or Sollum ( Arabic : السلوم‎ `` Alternative '' , Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( essælˈluːm ) ) is a village in Egypt , near the Mediterranean Sea , east of the border with Libya , and around 145 km ( 90 mi ) from Tobruk .
Mount Pleasant Square is a Georgian garden square on the border of Rathmines and Ranelagh , in the city of Dublin , Ireland .
The Jinan North Railway Station is a planned railway station of the Shiji Passenger Railway that located in People 's Republic of China .
Monte Lema ( 1,621 m ) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Yanqha ( Aymara for bad , Quechua yanqha , yanqa , useless , trivial , unimportant , hispanicized spelling Yancca ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Department of Mines and Petroleum is a department of the Government of Western Australia .
Ovruch ( Ukrainian : Овруч , Russian : О́вруч , Polish : Owrucz ) is a city in the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
Mölndal is a part of the Gothenburg urban area on the west - coast of Sweden , and constitutes the administrative centre of Mölndal Municipality .
Sobański Palace is a Renaissance Revival palace in Guzów , Żyrardów County , Mazovian Voivodeship , Poland .
Ktismata ( Greek : Κτίσματα ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Delvinaki , Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Marekaffo is a commune in the Cercle of Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Mount Sis ( Turkish : Sis Dağı ) is a mountain in Görele , Giresun Province , Turkey .
Meshchera Lowlands ( Meshchyora Lowlands ) , also referred to as simply `` Meshchera''/``Meshchyora '' ( Russian : Мещёрская низменность ) is a spacious lowland in the middle of the European Russia .
Takur Ghar is a high mountain located in the Arma Mountains of southeastern Afghanistan .
Hadidah ( Arabic : حديدة‎ , also spelled Hadideh ) is a town in the northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located west of Homs and just east of the border with Lebanon .
Bardatar Kisteh ( Persian : بردتركسته‎ , also Romanized as Bardatar Kīsteh ; also known as Bardatar Kīdeh ) is a village in Seydun - e Shomali Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hoşhaber ( Kurdish : Xoşxeber‎ ) is a belde ( town ) in the central district ( Iğdır ) of Iğdır Province , Turkey .
Emslandlager ( `` Emsland camps '' ) were a series of 15 moorland labor , punitive and POWs - camps , active from 1933 to 1945 and located in the districts of Emsland and Bentheim , Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Randenigala Dam is a large hydroelectric embankment dam at Rantembe , in the Central Province of Sri Lanka .
Choruk - e Pishkamar ( Persian : چروك پيشكمر‎ , also Romanized as Chorūk - e Pīshḵamar ; also known as Chorūk ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Rupnagar district ( Doabi : ਰੂਪਨਗਰ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ ) is one of the twenty districts in the state of Punjab in North - West Republic of India .
Lisikierz ( liˈɕikʲɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Playa Santa Cruz is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , located to the south of the village of Lagun .
Styggevatnet is a glacier lake from the glacier Jostedalsbreen in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Zarrin Rekab ( Persian : زرين ركاب‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Rekāb ; also known as Zar Nekārab ) is a village in Ozomdel - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Simensbråten Line ( Norwegian : Simensbråtenlinjen ) was a light rail line of Oslo Tramway between Jomfrubråten and Simensbråten in Oslo , Norway .
Wainono Lagoon is a shallow lagoon in the southern Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Plan - les - Ouates is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland .
German submarine U-764 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 1 February 1941 by Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven as yard number 147 , launched on 13 March 1943 and commissioned on 6 May 1943 under Oberleutnant zur See Hanskurt von Bremen .
Idalion or Idalium ( Greek : Ιδάλιον , Idalion ) was an ancient city in Cyprus , in modern Dali , Nicosia District .
Apo Reef is a coral reef system in the Philippines situated on the western waters of Occidental Mindoro province in the Mindoro Strait .
Nokrek National Park , or Nokrek Biosphere Reserve , is a national park located Approximately 2 km from Tura Peak in West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya , India .
Talilit ( Amazigh : Talilit , ⵜⴰⵍⵉⵍⵉⵜ , Arabic : تليليت ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
The Royal Jewelry Museum ( Arabic : متحف المجوهرات‎ ) is an art and history museum in the Zizenia neighborhood of Alexandria , Egypt .
Burj Al Salam is a mixed use tower along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Ixcuinquitlapilco , or San Mateo Ixcuinquitlapilco is a community in the municipality of San Agustín Tlaxiaca in the state of Hidalgo , Mexico .
Wyrębiny ( vɨrɛmˈbinɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sulęczyno ( sulɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) ( Kashubian : Sëlëczëno , German : Sullenschin ) is a village in Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Naenae ( /ˈnaɪnaɪ/ , occasionally spelled NaeNae ) is a suburb of the city of Lower Hutt in the North Island of New Zealand .
Sayn - Wittgenstein - Wittgenstein was a county of the Sauerland of Germany .
Arphy ( Arfin in Occitan ) is a commune in the Gard department in southern France .
During the 20th Century , the population of Filignano has been decreasing due to emigration in Northern Italy and in the United Kingdom .
The North Rustico Harbour Light is an active lighthouse on the central north coast of Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Caye Caulker Airport ( IATA : CUK ) is an airport that serves Caye Caulker , Belize .
Vyshnivchyk ( Ukrainian : Вишнівчик , also Vyshnivchyky , Polish : Wiśniowczyk ) is a village in the Terebovlya Raion area of the Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
Wisma Sanyan is the tallest building in the state of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Wich'un ( Quechua for femur , hispanicized spelling Huichun ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Pilibhit is the north - easternmost district of Bareilly division , situated in the Rohilkhand region of the sub - Himalayan Plateau belt next to foothills of Sivalik Range on the boundary of Nepal , known for the origin of river Gomati and one of the most forest - rich areas in North India .
Bandra Lamahalé is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros .
Lindarängen is a location outside Stockholm , Sweden .
Owrteh Qamish ( Persian : اورته قميش‎ , also Romanized as Owrteh Qamīsh ; also known as Oorteh Ghomish , Orteh Qamīsh , Owrtā Qamīsh , Owrtāq Mīsh , Qāmīsh , Uktakh Ālmaj , Ūktakht Āmlaj , and Ūrtā Qamīsh ) is a village in Boghrati Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Kamzík TV Tower is a 196-metre ( 643 ft ) tall television transmission tower in the Koliba area of Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia .
Razlog ( Bulgarian : Разлог ) is a town and ski resort in Razlog Municipality , Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria .
Gran Sasso d'Italia ( Italian : ( ɡran ˈsasso diˈtaːlja ) ) is a mountain located in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Tal - e Gavi ( Persian : تل گاوي‎ , also Romanized as Tal - e Gāvī and Tall - e Gāvī ; also known as Tall Gāh ) is a village in Dana Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nachit ( Persian : ناچيت‎ , also Romanized as Nāchīt ; also known as Nichit ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bogegrend Station ( Norwegian : Bogegrend holdeplass ) is a small railway station located in the village of Bogo in Vaksdal municipality , Hordaland county , Norway .
Zuunmod ( Mongolian : Зуунмод ; ᠵᠠᠭᠤᠨᠮᠣᠳᠤ , `` Hundred Trees '' ) is the administrative seat of Mongolia 's Töv Province .
Elaine Bay is a bay located in Pelorus Sound , within the Marlborough Sounds at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand .
Tuorla Observatory is the Department of Astronomy at the University of Turku , southwest Finland .
Osakabegawa Dam ( Japanese : 小阪部川ダム ) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1954 .
Vođenica ( Cyrillic : Вођеница ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Janfusun Fancyworld ( Chinese : 劍湖山世界 ; pinyin : Jiànhúshān Shìjiè ) is an amusement park in Gukeng Township , Yunlin County , Taiwan .
Grøtavær Church ( Norwegian : Grøtavær kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county , Norway .
The Bayside Residence is a 24-floor residential tower in Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Andorran Segona Divisió ( Second Division ) , or Lliga Biosphere for sponsorship reasons , is the second highest football league in Andorra .
The Lyngen Alps ( Norwegian : Lyngsalpene ) are a mountain range in northeastern Troms county in Norway , east of the city of Tromsø .
The Sydney Metropolitan Women 's Rugby League is one of the main Women 's rugby league competitions in Australia .
Drohobych ( Ukrainian : Дрогóбич ; Polish : Drohobycz ; Yiddish : דראָהאָביטש‎ ; Cities ' alternative names ) is a city located at the confluence of the Tysmenytsia River and Seret , a tributary of the former , in Lviv Oblast ( region ) , in western Ukraine .
Nadbory ( nadˈbɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Koutéré is a small town in Chad on the border with Cameroon .
The British Association of Friends of Museums ( BAFM ) is an independent organisation , for Friends , supporters , and volunteers in museums , galleries , and heritage sites in the United Kingdom .
Arłamów ( arˈwamuf ) ( Ukrainian : Арламів Arlamiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , near the border with the Ukraine .
Institute of Space Technology ( also known as IST ) is a public research university located in Islamabad , Pakistan .
The Sikhote - Alin ( Russian : Сихотэ́-Али́нь ) is a mountain range in Primorsky and Khabarovsk Krais , Russia , extending about 900 kilometres ( 560 mi ) to the northeast of the Russian Pacific seaport of Vladivostok .
BurJuman ( Arabic : بر جمان‎ ) is one of the oldest shopping mall in Dubai , located in the residential area of Bur Dubai , in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sa Pa ( listen ) , or Sapa , is a frontier township and capital of Sa Pa District in Lào Cai Province in northwest Vietnam .
FC Iskra - Stal Rîbnița is a Moldovan football club based in Rîbnița , Moldova ( Transnistria ) .
El Campello ( Valencian pronunciation : ( eɫ kamˈpeʎo ) , Spanish : Campello ) is a town on the Costa Blanca of Spain , within the Valencian Community .
Plémy ( Breton : Plevig , Gallo : Plémic ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Al - Jam`e Al - Anwar ( Arabic : الجامع الانور‎ , Anwar Mosque , literally : The Enlightened Mosque ) also Al - Hakim Mosque is a major Islamic religious site in Cairo , Egypt .
Kenes Mal ( Persian : کنس مال‎ , also Romanized as Kenes Māl ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Namakeh ( Persian : نمكه‎ ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Xurəl ( also , Xürəl and Khurel '' ) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Aghasur ( Persian : اغاسور‎ , also Romanized as Āghāsūr ; also known as Āqā Sūr ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Skulsk ( skulsk ) is a village in Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Anbarkeh ( Persian : عنبركه‎ , also Romanized as `` Anbarkeh ) is a village in Belharat Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 331 , in 92 families .
Wholesale Club is a chain of warehouse clubs owned by Loblaw Companies with locations across Canada .
Smolyaninovo ( Russian : Смоляни́ново ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Shkotovsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia , located 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) from Vladivostok ; 73 kilometers ( 45 mi ) by road .
Lake Waswanipi is a lake in south western Quebec , Canada .
The Aguinaldo Shrine is the national shrine located in Kawit , Cavite in the Republic of the Philippines , where the independence of the Philippines from Spain was declared on June 12 , 1898 .
Harutzim ( Hebrew : חָרוּצִים , lit . Diligents ) is a communal settlement in central Israel .
The Lethbridge Airport ( IATA : YQL , ICAO : CYQL ) , previously the Lethbridge County Airport , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) south southeast of Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
Chwaliszowice ( xfaliʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Quolsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel , within Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Balamu ( IR Station code JNH ) is an important railway junction station under Allahabad division of Northern Railway ( India ) zone of Indian Railways .
Lopatinec ( Hungarian : Lapáthegy ) is a village in Croatia .
Sucleia ( Ukrainian : Суклея ; Russian : Суклея ) is a commune in the Slobozia sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
Piccaninny Plains Sanctuary is a 1700 km² nature reserve on the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland , Australia .
Allports Island is a small uninhabited island located in Queen Charlotte Sound in Marlborough , New Zealand .
Among companies that contributed to the demographic development of Bangsar include Sistem Televisyen Malaysia Berhad and Lever Brothers .
Miye ou Miye ( Arabic : المية ومية‎ , English : Mieh Mieh , French : Mîyé ou Mîyé ) is a village in southern Lebanon located 5 km ( 3.2 mi ) East of Sidon and 45 km ( 28 mi ) south of the capital Beirut and it overlooks the Mediterranean Sea .
Bagh - e Qisar ( Persian : باغ قيصر‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Qīṣar ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Damirchi Haddadan ( Persian : دميرچي حدادان‎ , also Romanized as Damīrchī Ḩaddādān ; also known as Dameshlar , Dāmeshleyār , Damīrchī , Damīrchī Kandī , Damishliār , Damyshlyar , and Ḩaddādān ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chorny Volcano ( Вулкан Чёрный - Black Volcano ) is a stratovolcano situated in the central Kamchatka in Russia .
Inishmurray ( Irish : Inis Muireadheach , meaning `` Muireadheach 's island '' ) is an uninhabited island situated 7 km off the coast of County Sligo , Ireland .
El Tor Airport ( IATA : ELT , ICAO : HETR ) is an airport serving the Suez Gulf port city of El Tor , Sinai Peninsula , Egypt .
The Pinka is a river in Central Europe with a length of approximately 55 km . Its source is located in Styria , eastern Austria , next to the provincial border of Burgenland .
Ultzama ( Ulzama in Spanish ) is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Šomrda ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шомрда ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the town of Lepenski Vir .
Atiak is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda on the Gulu - Nimule Road , the primary trade route between Uganda and South Sudan .
Villa Parisi - Borghese is a villa in Frascati , now in Monte Porzio Catone municipal territory , Italy .
Bid Shahr ( Persian : بيدشهر‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Shahr ) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Liaquat National Hospital ( LNH ) , is located at Stadium Road , Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Mulungwishi is a community in the Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Pardubice Airport ( Czech : Letiště Pardubice ) is a military airport permitted to handle international civil air traffic in the city of Pardubice , Czech Republic .
Morrison Glace Bay High School was one of the two high schools serving the town of Glace Bay located in Nova Scotia , Canada , during the later half of the twentieth century .
The Laborec Highlands ( in Slovak , Laborecká vrchovina ) is a mountain range in northeastern Slovakia , part of the Lower Beskids of the Outer Eastern Carpathians .
Forster Motorsport are a racing team , based in Wallsend , United Kingdom .
Milly Milly or Milly Milly Station is a pastoral lease and operating sheep and cattle station located about 188 kilometres ( 117 mi ) west of Meekatharra in the Mid - West of Western Australia .
Świerże - Leśniewek ( ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ lɛɕˈɲɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Aurès Mountains , ( Berber : Awras , Latin : Aurasium , Arabic : جبال الأوراس‎ ) are an eastern prolongation of the Atlas Mountain System that lies to the east of the Saharan Atlas in northeastern Algeria .
Mahajarabad ( Persian : مهاجر آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mahājarābād ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Vavuniya ( Tamil : வவுனியா , Sinhalese : වවුනියා ) is a large town in the Northern Province , Sri Lanka , governed by an Urban Council .
Kallmet is a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
Band - e Yaghmur ( Persian : بنديغمور‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Yaghmūr and Band - e Yaqmūr ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Le Pouce ( French : `` The Thumb '' ) is the third highest mountain in Mauritius , at 812 meters ( 2664 feet ) .
El Afweyn District ( Somali : Degmada Ceel Afweyn ) , also known as El Afweyne District , is a district in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Dash Feshal ( Persian : داش فشل‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh Feshal and Dāsh Feshel ; also known as Dāsh Fīshal , Fashal Dash , Feshal , Feshal Dāsh , and Mīshah ) is a village in Qarah Quyun - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Loitokitok , also Oloitokitok , is a town in Kajiado County , Kenya .
Methil Docks was previously used for the movement of coal and was important during the Second World War , at the time it was the second largest coal port in the United Kingdom .
Lake Mburo National Park is a national park located in western Uganda .
Převýšov is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic located about 4 km west of Chlumec nad Cidlinou .
Cesar Lim Rodriguez ( CLR ) Airport ( IATA : RZP , ICAO : RPSD ) , more popularly known as Taytay Airport ( also Sandoval Airport ) , is an airport in Taytay , Palawan , Philippines .
Kaman - Kalehöyük is a multi - period archaeological site in Kırşehir Province , Turkey , around 100 km south east of Ankara 6 km east of the town center of Kaman .
Stephen Leacock Collegiate Institute ( SLCI , Stephen Leacock , or Leacock ) and John Buchan Senior Public School ( JBSPS , John Buchan or Buchan ) are two public middle and secondary schools in Scarborough , Ontario , Canada owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board that were originally part of the Scarborough Board of Education .
The municipality of Boñar ( Spanish pronunciation : ( boˈɲar ) ) is located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Chandwad is a tehsil in Malegaon subdivision of Nashik district in Maharashtra , India .
Rendsburg ( Danish : Rendsborg ) is a town on the River Eider and the Kiel Canal in the central part of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Butchers Lake is a small salt lake of the Corangamite catchment , located north of Lake Beeac and south of Lake Cundare , in the south - western lakes district of Victoria , Australia .
Sjenica Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Сјеница / Aerodrom Sjenica ) ( ICAO : LYSJ ) , also known as Dubinje Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Дубиње / Aerodrom Dubinje ) is a military airport in Serbia , near the town of Sjenica on Pešter plateau .
Tomás de Heres Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Nacional Tomas de Heres , IATA : CBL , ICAO : SVCB ) is an airport in Ciudad Bolívar , Venezuela .
Biadoliny Szlacheckie ( bjadɔˈlinɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Ak - Tuz is an urban - type settlement in the Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Patzún ( Spanish pronunciation : ( patˈsun ) ) is a municipality in the Chimaltenango department of Guatemala .
Campania Sound is a sound on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located between Campania Island and Princess Royal Island .
The Académie internationale Mohammed VI de l'aviation civile ( AIMAC , in English International Academy Mohammed VI of Civil Aviation ) is a public aviation university created in 2000 by the King Mohammed VI of Morocco in order to train air traffic controllers , Air Traffic Safety Electronics Personnel and aerospace engineers .
The Comrades Marathon is an ultramarathon of approximately 89 km ( approx . 56 miles ) which is run annually in the KwaZulu - Natal Province of South Africa between the cities of Durban and Pietermaritzburg .
Martinelli Building ( in Portuguese : Edifício Martinelli ) , with 30 floors , was the first skyscraper in Brazil .
The Nyköping Railway Bridge spans the river Nyköpingsån in Nyköping , Sweden .
Vändra is a borough ( Estonian : alev ) with a municipality status in Pärnu County , Estonia .
Mester utca is a 2-kilometre main street in the district of Ferencváros , Budapest , Hungary .
Lurabi ( Persian : لورابي‎ , also Romanized as Lūrābī ) is a village in Quri Qaleh Rural District , Shahu District , Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gmina Gromadka is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in southwestern Poland .
Torre Espacial , or Torre Interama , is a 200 metres ( 660 ft ) high observation tower in the Villa Soldati section of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Kyaukme District is a district of northern Shan State in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Podgora pri Dolskem ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈdoːu̯skɛm ) or ( pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈdoːlskɛm ) ) is a small settlement northeast of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Beaubien Street ( officially Rue Beaubien ) is a major east - west street located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Kirkjuá is a river which runs through the village of Sørvág in the Faroe Islands .
Fagui is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Bala Moallem Kola ( Persian : بالا معلم كلا‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Mo``allem Kolā ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 569 , in 147 families .
The United World College of South East Asia ( UWCSEA ) is a member of the United World College ( UWC ) movement and an independent , international school in Singapore .
Kuopio Airport ( IATA : KUO , ICAO : EFKU ) is an airport in Siilinjärvi , Finland , about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of Kuopio city centre .
The City of Horsham was a local government area about 290 kilometres ( 180 mi ) west - northwest of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
The rivers that run from the Drakensberg are an essential resource for South Africa 's economy , providing water for the industrial provinces of Mpumalanga and Gauteng , which contains the city of Johannesburg .
The Tavt mine ( Mongolian : Тавт ) is a gold mines in the Teshig sum of Bulgan aimag in northern Mongolia .
Bucheon Station is a ground level metro station located in Bucheon , South Korea .
Choa Chu Kang Cemetery Complex ( or Chua Chu Kang Cemetery ) ( Chinese : 蔡厝港坟场 Malay : Kawasan Perkuburan Choa Chu Kang ) is the biggest cemetery in Singapore .
Twon - Brass , previously known simply as Brass or Brasstown is a community on Brass island in the Nun River estuary of Southern Bayelsa State , Nigeria , in the Brass Local Government Area .
CHPH - FM is a First Nations community radio station that operates at 99.7 FM in Wemindji , Quebec , Canada .
Kikuchi Keifuen Sanatorium or National Sanatorium Kikuchi Keifuen is a sanatorium for leprosy patients or ex - leprosy patients at Kohshi - shi , Kumamoto - ken , Japan founded in 1909 .
Njårdhallen is an indoor sports arena located in Vestre Aker , Oslo , Norway .
Tansing ( तानसेन , also spelled `` Tensing '' and `` Tanshing '' ) is a historic town of Western Nepal .
Shengan ( Persian : شنگان‎ , also Romanized as Shengān and Shangan ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Štefanovičováis a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Skaugum is the official residence of Crown Prince Haakon of Norway and of his wife Crown Princess Mette - Marit .
Leszczno ( ˈlɛʂt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gondershe , also known as Gandershe or El Torre , is a town in the south - central Banaadir province of Somalia .
Çal is a town and a district of Denizli Province in the inner Aegean region of Turkey .
Mera Jaffar is a small village near Golra Sharif , Islamabad , Pakistan .
Phnom Tamao Wildlife Rescue Centre ( PTWRC ) is a wildlife centre located roughly 25 miles ( 40 km ) by road south of Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
Ergates ( Greek : Eργατες ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Żerniki Górne ( ʐɛrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Siechnice ( ɕɛxˈɲit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German : Tschechnitz , renamed Kraftborn in the Nazi era ) is a town in Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Karabakh Plateau ( Azerbaijani : Qarabağ yaylası ; Armenian : Ղարաբաղի բարձրավանդակ translit . : Gharabaghi bardzravandak ) is a volcanic plateau of the Lesser Caucasus , in Armenia and Azerbaijan ( unrecognized Nagorno - Karabakh Republic ) .
El Eden Ecological Reserve is a non governmental organization Ecological Reserve in Quintana Roo , Mexico .
Little Camping Island is located in the Dolphin and Union Strait , southwest of Victoria Island , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Nepřevázka ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛpr̝̊ɛvaːska ) ; formerly Nepřevazy ( ˈnɛpr̝̊ɛvazɪ ) ) is a village about 10 kilometers east of Mladá Boleslav , Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Żoń ( ʐɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Margonin , within Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Havelock North High School is a state co - education secondary school located in Havelock North , New Zealand .
The Mother of Good Counsel Minor Seminary is the minor seminary of the Archdiocese of San Fernando , the Pampanga province of the Philippines .
Kolvereid is a town and former municipality in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Linköping University ( in Swedish : Linköpings universitet , LiU ) is a state university in Linköping , Sweden .
The Queenston Heights is a geographical feature of the Niagara Escarpment immediately above the village of Queenston , Ontario , Canada .
Stanežiče ( pronounced ( ˈstaːnɛʒitʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Geotrail is headquartered in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada and was founded in October 2009 .
Gokayama ( 五箇山 ) is an area within the city of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture , Japan .
Krasnoyarsk Metro System is a future subway system in the city of Krasnoyarsk , Russia .
PJSC VimpelCom is the third - largest wireless and second - largest telecom operator in Russia .
The Municipality of Črnomelj ( pronounced ( tʃəɾˈnoːməl ) ; Slovene : Občina Črnomelj ) is a municipality in southeastern Slovenia .
Kilnacreeva ( Irish : Cill na Craoibhe , meaning `` church of the branching tree '' ) is a townland in County Cavan , Ireland .
Himara or Himarë ( from Greek : Χειμάρρα , Himarra , definite Albanian form : Himara ) is a bilingual region and municipality in southern Albania , part of Vlorë County .
The Staubbach Falls ( German : Staubbachfall ) is a waterfall in Switzerland , located just above Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland .
ABES Engineering College ( also known as ABESEC ) is a self - financed engineering college , situated in Ghaziabad , NCR , India .
Želovce ( Hungarian : Zsély ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Cape Helles is the rocky headland at the southwesternmost tip of the Gallipoli peninsula , Turkey .
Mrkopalj ( pronounced ( mř̩kɔpaʎ ) ) is a town and a municipality in the mountainous part of Croatia in the region of Gorski kotar , located south of Delnice and some 50 km east of Rijeka .
Zharkiv ( Ukrainian : Жарків ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Dunajská Streda ( Slovak : Dunajská Streda , pronunciation ; Hungarian : Dunaszerdahely ; German : Niedermarkt ; Hebrew : סרדאהלי‎ ) is a town in southern Slovakia ( Trnavský kraj ) .
Steinkjer Station ( Norwegian : Steinkjer stasjon ) is a railway station located in the town of Steinkjer in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Canton of Charmes is a French administrative and electoral grouping of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine .
The Jerilderie Herald and Urana Advertiser , later published as the Jerilderie - Coleambally Herald and Urana Advertiser , was a weekly newspaper published in Jerilderie , New South Wales , Australia .
The Shey Phoksundo National Park ( Nepali : शे-फोकसुण्डो She - Phoksundo ) is the largest and only trans - Himalayan national park in Nepal .
Jahrom ( Persian : جهرم‎‎ , also known as Jahrūm ) is a city in and the capital of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rehoboth Urban East is an electoral constituency in the Hardap region of Namibia , comprising the suburbs of Rehoboth that are situated to the east of the national road B1 .
Lama - Kara is the full name for the town of Kara in the Kara Region of north Togo .
Mount Ragoona , at 1,350 metres elevation , is a relatively high mountain in the southern region of the Walls of Jerusalem National Park in Tasmania , Australia .
Bir - e Bala ( Persian : بير بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bīr - e Bālā ; also known as Bālād ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Incomappleux River is a major tributary of the Columbia River in British Columbia , Canada , entering that river via the Beaton Arm of Upper Arrow Lake .
Museum Jan van der Togt is a modern visual art museum in Amstelveen , near Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Honde River pronounced Horn - de is a river in Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe which runs through the Honde Valley .
Awaran District ( Balochi : ضِلع آواران ) , is a district in the south of the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Karkush ( Persian : كركوش‎ , also Romanized as Karkūsh ; also known as Garkosh and Kar kosh ) is a village in Aland Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gunnared is the northern part of Angered , in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Baykal ( port ) ( Russian : Байка́л ( порт ) ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Slyudyansky District of Irkutsk Oblast , Russia , located near Lake Baikal on the left bank of the Angara River , 60 kilometers ( 37 mi ) south of Irkutsk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Circus Insane is a United Kingdom circus sideshow , ran by and featuring performer Doc Insane , who performs both classic and modern sideshow acts such as fire eating , bed of nails , human blockhead , face in broken glass , and the human dartboard .
The Anna Cave ( also called Petőfi Cave ) is a natural limestone cave in Miskolc - Lillafüred , Hungary , near the waterfall .
Palekh ( Russian : Па́лех ) is an urban locality ( a settlement ) and the administrative center of Palekhsky District of Ivanovo Oblast , Russia .
The Sungai Johor Bridge ( Malay : Jambatan Sungai Johor Jawi : جمبتن سوڠاي جوهر ) is an expressway bridge across Johor River on Senai - Desaru Expressway in Johor , Malaysia .
Chongren County ( simplified Chinese : 崇仁县 ; traditional Chinese : 崇仁縣 ; pinyin : Chóngrén Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Makarios Avenue ( Greek : Λεωφόρος Αρχιεπισκόπου Μακαρείου ' Γ Turkish : Makarios Caddesi ) is an avenue in the centre of Nicosia , Cyprus which covers a distance of 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) .
Deleči Vrh ( pronounced ( dɛˈleːtʃi ˈʋəɾx ) ; also Deleči Hrib , Daleč Vrh , Daleč Hrib ; German : Laubbüchel , Gottscheerish : Lapiechl ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia .
Kanowit is a town and the capital of a district of the same name , located within the Sibu Division , Sarawak , east Malaysia , comprising 2,253.5 square kilometres .
The National Research Centre on Equines ( NRCE ) was established during 7th five - year plan under the aegis of Indian Council of Agricultural Research for research on equine health and production considering the importance of equines in India .
Tenang ( Chinese : 登能 ) is a small town in Segamat District , Johor , Malaysia .
Baekdamsa ( 백담사 ) is a Buddhist temple in Inje County , Gangwon province , South Korea .
Koronowo ( kɔrɔˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Krone / Crone an der Brahe , archaic Polnisch Krone ) is a town on the Brda River in Poland , located in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , 25 km from Bydgoszcz , with 11,029 inhabitants ( 2010 ) .
Krivogaštani ( Macedonian : Кривогаштани ) is a village situated near Prilep on the Pelagonian plain in the Republic of Macedonia .
Buniaki ( buˈɲaki ) ( German : Mathildenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Takun ( Persian : تكون‎ , also Romanized as Tākūn ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Orie is a village of approximately 3,000 people , and located in the Isoko South local government area of Delta state , Nigeria .
Behram Khel is a town and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Dolphin Gas Project is the natural gas project of the Qatar , United Arab Emirates , and Oman .
Kuokunu ( Russian : Куокуну ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Kuokuninsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 110 kilometers ( 68 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
Bidev ( Tajik Бидав , Yaghnobi Бидев , in local pronunciation also Бидеԝ ( Bidew ) , Russian : Бидив ) is a village in western Tajikistan .
Uppsala Cathedral ( Swedish : Uppsala domkyrka ) is a cathedral located between Uppsala University and the River Fyris in the centre of Uppsala , southeastern Sweden .
The Großer Waldstein is part of the Waldstein range in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany .
Qaleh Timi ( Persian : قلعه تيمي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Tīmī ; also known as Qal``eh Temī ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 77 , in 21 families .
Trelleck Grange ( or Trellech Grange ) is a small hamlet in a rural area of Monmouthshire , south east Wales , United Kingdom .
Wadi Al Hijar or Wadi Al - Hijr is a wadi in Ad Dhahirah Region , in northeastern Oman .
Vyroneia ( Greek : Βυρώνεια , before 1924 : Χατζή Μπεηλίκ - Chatzi Beilik ) is a town located in the municipal unit of Petritsi in the northwestern part of Serres regional unit , Greece .
The Ambracian Gulf , also known as the Gulf of Arta or the Gulf of Actium , and in some official documents as the Amvrakikos Gulf ( Greek : Αμβρακικός κόλπος ) , is a gulf of the Ionian Sea in northwestern Greece .
Bissine is a settlement and forest in Senegal .
Świniów ( ˈɕfiɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lake Drīdzis ( Dreidzs in local dialect ) is the deepest lake in Latvia with a maximum depth of 65.1 m.
Cienin - Perze ( ˈt͡ɕɛnin ˈpɛʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Louth Island is a 135 ha island located in Louth Bay , Spencer Gulf , South Australia .
Piskowa ( pisˈkɔva ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Braddell Bus Park is a SBS Transit bus park on Braddell Road in Toa Payoh , Singapore .
Chom Sawan ( Thai : จอมสวรรค์ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Chan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Castle of Good Hope ( Dutch : Kasteel de Goede Hoop ; Afrikaans : Kasteel die Goeie Hoop ) is a star fort built in the 17th century in Cape Town , South Africa .
Eilon ( Hebrew : אֵילוֹן ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Lwiindi is an annual festival of the Tonga people of southern Zambia .
Podil ( Ukrainian : Поділ ) is a historic neighborhood in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Eslöv is a town and the seat of Eslöv Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 17,748 inhabitants in 2010 .
Kąkolewnica ( kɔnkɔlɛvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Brunswick Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Brunswick ) is a large peninsula in Magallanes y la Antártica Region , Patagonia , Chile , at 53.5 ° S 71.4166667 ° W. It is 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) wide at its base in the north , and almost 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) in the south .
Zaoksky Adventist University is a private coeducational Christian university located in Tula Oblast of Russia , and is operated by the Seventh - day Adventist Church .
Hattuvaara is a village in Ilomantsi municipality in the province of Eastern Finland , about 40 km north - east from the municipality centre and near the border with Russia .
MacGregor State High School ( MSHS ) is a co - educational , state secondary school , located in Macgregor , a southeastern suburb of Brisbane , Queensland Australia .
Kvívík ( Danish : Kvivig , older Qvivig ) is a village on the west coast of Streymoy in the Faroe Islands , in the eponymous municipality of Kvívík .
The Canton of Romilly - sur - Seine-2 is a former canton of the arrondissement of Nogent - sur - Seine , in the Aube department , in northern France .
Southern Regional College ( SRC ) is a further and higher education college in the southern area of Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom .
Miechów County ( Polish : powiat miechowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Wexham Park Hospital is a large NHS hospital which provides emergency , trauma and orthopaedic surgery , plastic and reconstructive surgery , paediatric , coronary care and maternity services , amongst others , in Wexham , Buckinghamshire , United Kingdom .
FUNCINPEC ( Khmer : គណបក្ស ហ្វ៊ុនស៊ិនប៉ិច ) is a royalist political party in Cambodia .
Piopio College is a coeducational secondary school in Piopio , a town in the Waitomo District of New Zealand .
The Kubah National Park ( Malay : Taman Negara Kubah ) is a national park in Kuching Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Luhačovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈluɦatʃovɪtsɛ ) ; German : Luhatschowitz ) is a spa town in the Zlín Region , Moravia , Czech Republic .
Al - Qalamoun ( Arabic : القلمون ) is a Mediterranean seaside town of the North Governorate of Lebanon in the Tripoli District .
The Rudolfinum is a music auditorium and art gallery in Prague , Czech Republic .
It has a tram station , Deansgate - Castlefield Metrolink station ( formerly G - Mex ) providing frequent Manchester Metrolink services to Eccles , Bury , Altrincham , Manchester Piccadilly , East Didsbury and Rochdale Castlefield was designated as a conservation area in 1980 and the United Kingdom 's first designated Urban Heritage Park in 1982 .
Oblo Brdo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Обло Брдо ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
African Lion Safari is a family - owned safari park situated in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) west of Toronto .
Lac de Taney ( or Lac de Tanay ) is a lake in Valais , Switzerland .
Khvoshaku ( Persian : خوشاكو‎ , also Romanized as Khvoshākū ; also known as Khvoshālū ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Villa Volta is an attraction in the amusement park Efteling in the Netherlands .
Matameye is a town and urban commune , administrative centre of the Matameye Department in Niger , with a population of 17,930 as of 2001 .
Czarnowąsy ( t͡ʂarnɔˈvɔ̃sɨ ) ( German : Czarnowanz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzeń Wielki , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Corriverton is the most easterly town in Guyana .
Wronki Prison ( Polish : Zakład Karny Wronki ) is the largest prison in Poland , holding over 1400 prisoners .
Waubra ( formerly known as The Springs ) is a town in Victoria , Australia .
Sanatorne ( Ukrainian : Санаторне ; Russian : Санаторное ; Crimean Tatar : Melas ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Opération Épervier ( French pronunciation : ​(ɔpeʁasjɔ̃ epɛʁvje ) ; English : Operation Sparrowhawk ) was the codename , from 1986 until 2014 , for the ongoing French military presence in Chad .
Kerastaris ( Greek : Κεραστάρης ) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi , Arcadia , Greece .
The Cluj - Napoca Botanical Garden , officially Alexandru Borza Cluj - Napoca University Botanic Garden ( Romanian : Grădina Botanică Alexandru Borza a Universităţii Cluj - Napoca ) , is a botanical garden located in the south part of Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
Karishki ( Persian : كريشكي‎ , also Romanized as Karīshkī , Kereshkī , and Kerīshkī ; also known as Qal``eh Kirishki ) is a village in Bala Deh Rural District , Beyram District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 433 , in 114 families .
Helfenterbruck is the name of a forest and upscale semi - rural neighborhood in Bertrange , Luxembourg , which in turn is a suburb of Luxembourg City , Luxembourg .
Chah - e Moseyleh ( Persian : چاه مسيله‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Moseyleh ) is a village in Keybar Rural District , Jolgeh Zozan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Jewish Historical Institute ( Polish : Żydowski Instytut Historyczny or ŻIH ) is a research institute in Warsaw , Poland , primarily dealing with the history of Jews in Poland .
Juvai Semaring Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Yuvai Semaring ) ( IATA : LBW , ICAO : WAQJ previously WRLB ) is an airport serving Long Bawan , located in the province of North Kalimantan in Indonesia .
Lizbirt ( also , Lizbirt Myubirt ) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan .
Kalø Castle ( Danish : Kalø Slot ) is a ruined castle located in eastern Jutland , in Denmark , 20 km from the city of Aarhus within Mols Bjerge National Park .
Dilla is a town located in the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia .
Podpreska ( pronounced ( pɔtˈpreːska ) ; German : Merleinsraut or Merleinsrauth ) is a village in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia .
Somokluy - e Olya ( Persian : سمكلوي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Somoklūy - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 132 , in 24 families .
Reales Tamarindos Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Reales Tamarindos ) ( IATA : PVO , ICAO : SEPV ) is an airport serving Portoviejo , the capital city of the province of Manabí in Ecuador .
Lake Chew Bahir ( Amharic : ጨው ባሕር č̣ew bāhir , `` salty lake '' ) or Lake Istifanos , also called Stefanie , Basso Naebor and Chuwaha , is a lake in southern Ethiopia , located on the southwestern end of the Southern Nations , Nationalities and Peoples ' Region , near the border with Oromia Region .
Prague 9 is both a municipal and an administrative district in Prague , Czech Republic .
The Royal Melbourne Hospital ( RMH ) , located in Parkville , Victoria an inner suburb of Melbourne is one of Australia 's leading public hospitals .
The Malacca Straits Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Selat Melaka ) is a mosque located on the man - made Malacca Island near Malacca City in Malacca state , Malaysia .
Křemešník is a mountain near the city of Pelhřimov in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Topolovci ( pronounced ( tɔpɔˈloːu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Jegenyés , Prekmurje Slovene : Topolouvci , German : Topolschitz ) is a small village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Lister Centre , known for most of its history as Lister Hall , is the primary student residence at the University of Alberta in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Gyul'bakhor is a village in Aravan District , Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Asian Highway 71 ( AH71 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 390 km ( 245 miles ) from Delaram , Afghanistan to Dashtak , Iran connecting AH1 to AH75 .
Bemarivo Reserve is a wildlife reserve in the North - West of Madagascar .
Borowno - Kolonia ( bɔˈrɔvnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vajska ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вајска listen ) is a village in Serbia .
Sher - e - Bangla Medical College ( SBMC ) , is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 1968 .
Rerh / Reerh ( Urdu=ر یڑھ ) is a small village near Atter Shisha in the Union Council Sand - e - sar in Mansehra District in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
AB Stockholms Spårvägar ( SS ) ( literally Stockholm Tramways ) is a name used by two different Swedish limited companies operating public transport in Stockholm , the capital city of Sweden .
Ten Legoland Discovery Centres are currently operating , with two in Germany , six in the United States , one in Japan , one in the United Kingdom , and one in Canada .
Macquarie Place is a small triangular park in central Sydney , Australia .
Radłówek ( radˈwuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowrocław , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Borough of Chaguanas is the largest borough ( 83,516 at the 2011 census ) and fastest - growing town in Trinidad and Tobago .
Café Gijón ( Also known as Gran Café de Gijón ) is a culturally significant Coffeehouse situated at No . 21 , in the principal boulevard of central Madrid , Spain , which is known as Paseo de Recoletos .
Lamballe ( Breton : Lambal , Gallo : Lanball ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Obrne ( pronounced ( ˈoːbəɾnɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Zittau ( Czech : Žitava , Polish : Żytawa , Upper Sorbian : Žitawa ) is a city in the south east of the Free State of Saxony , Germany , close to the border tri - point of Germany , Poland , and the Czech Republic .
The Diocese of British Columbia is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada .
Léléblé is a village in southern Ivory Coast .
Studenčica ( Cyrillic : Студенчица ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Bronnitsy ( Russian : Бро́нницы ) is a town in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 54.5 kilometers ( 33.9 mi ) southeast of central Moscow and 13 kilometers ( 8.1 mi ) west of the Bronnitsy station on the Moscow--
Prestvannet is a small lake on the highest point on the central part of the island of Tromsøya in the city of Tromsø in Troms county , Norway .
Marstein Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Marstein fyrstasjon ) is an active lighthouse in the municipality of Austevoll , in Hordaland county , Norway .
Choćmirowo ( xɔt͡ɕmiˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Alt Gutzmerow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Itacurubí de la Cordillera is a town in the Cordillera department of Paraguay , located 92 km Asuncion .
Hertog Jan ( `` Duke John '' ; Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɦɛrtɔχ ˈjɑn ) ) is a brewery in the Netherlands .
Neeltje Jans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈneːltjə jɑns ) ) is an artificial island in the Netherlands in the province of Zeeland , halfway between Noord - Beveland and Schouwen - Duiveland in the Oosterschelde .
The Markopoulo Olympic Equestrian Centre hosted the equestrian events at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Maintirano Airport is an airport in Maintirano , Melaky Region , Madagascar ( IATA : MXT , ICAO : FMMO ) .
Brani Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Брани До ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hamburg Finkenwerder Airport ( IATA : XFW , ICAO : EDHI ) is a private airport in the quarter of Finkenwerder , in the southwest part of Hamburg , Germany .
Shiluvane or Shiluvana is a town in Mopani District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
The Solar Pyramid was a proposed sculpture originally scheduled to open in June 2003 in the United Kingdom .
Kimberley Alpine Resort is a ski resort located in Kimberley , British Columbia , Canada .
Somumiyeh ( Persian : سموميه‎ , also Romanized as Somūmīyeh ; also known as Somūmīteh ) is a village in Neysan Rural District , Neysan District , Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lyalevo or Lyalyovo ( Bulgarian : Лялево , Ляльово ) is a former village in southernmost western Bulgaria which ceased to exist in 1960 .
Larvotto is the easternmost Ward in the Principality of Monaco .
Halavar ( Armenian : Հալավար , also romanized as Alavar and Galavar ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Belski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈbeːlski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia .
Panagyurski kolonii ( Bulgarian : Панагюрски колонии ) is a popular mountain resort with a village status situated 1050 m. above sea level in the Sredna Gora Mountain about 15 km . north of the town of Panagyurishte , Bulgaria .
Mīlgrāvis is a neighbourhood of Northern District in Riga , the capital of Latvia .
The Mouloud Mammeri University of Tizi - Ouzou ( Arabic : جامعة مولود معمري - تيزي وزو‎ , Kabyle : Tasdawit Lmulud At Maemmar/ⵝⴰⵙⴷⴰⵓⵉⵝ ⵎⵓⵏⵓⴷ ⴰⵝⵎⴷⴰⵟⵙ , French : Université Mouloud Mammeri de Tizi Ouzou ) is a university in Tizi Ouzou , Algeria .
Barczewo ( barˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Wartenburg in Ostpreußen ) is a town in Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland .
T3 Center , formerly Umeå Arena , SkyCom Arena and Umeå ishall , is an indoor arena in Umeå , Sweden .
Poljane pri Žužemberku ( pronounced ( pɔˈljaːnɛ pɾi ˈʒuːʒɛmbɛɾku ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Mazraeh - ye Abgarm ( Persian : مزرعه اب گرم‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ābgarm ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Radio Northland was a radio station based in Whangarei , New Zealand .
Rancho San José Airstrip is a private dirt airstrip located in Rancho San José , better known as Meling Ranch , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , 32 miles to the East of Federal Highway 1 , near the West side of the San Pedro Mártir Mountain Range .
Bontebok National Park is a species - specific national park in South Africa .
Ghalilah is the name of a settlement in Ras al - Khaimah , in the United Arab Emirates .
Németbánya ( formerly Németh - Bánya , German : Deutschhütten , Deutsch - Hütten , means `` German mine '' ) is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary .
Central Administrative Okrug , or Tsentralny Administrativny Okrug ( Russian : Центра́льный администрати́вный о́круг , Tsentralny administrativny okrug ) , is one of the twelve administrative okrugs of Moscow , Russia , located within the Kamer - Kollezhny Bank .
Ekuku is a village located nearly 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) north of Oshakati in Okatana Constituency , Oshana Region , Namibia .
Kuchek Khortum ( Persian : كوچك خرطوم‎ , also Romanized as Kūchek Khorţūm and Kūchak Khorţūm ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kothapalem or Akurajupalli is a village situated in the Machavaram mandal ( sub - division ) of the Guntur district , Andhra Pradesh , India
The Young Liberals Party ( Bulgarian : Младолиберална партия , Mladoliberalna partiya , MLP ) was a political party in Bulgaria during the early 20th century .
Matadiva was a short - lived Roman Catholic mission station in southern Angola , located ca .
Riverdale Ward was a municipal ward in the city of Ottawa , Canada .
Bushrod Island is an island near Monrovia , Liberia surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean , the Saint Paul River , the Mesurado River and Stockton Creek .
Minjavan District ( Persian : بخش منجوان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kahriz - e Bid Sorkh ( Persian : كهريزبيدسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Bīd Sorkh ; also known as Kahrīz ) is a village in Khezel - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Salviigränd ( Swedish : Alley of Salvius ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Siorarsuk Peninsula is a finger - shaped peninsula in northern Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Burgruine Friedburg was a castle , now demolished , in the state of Salzburg , Austria .
Alpuri Tehsil is an administrative sub division ( tehsil ) of Shangla District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Tiagba is a village in southern Ivory Coast , on the north shore of Ébrié Lagoon .
Volos is the third largest major commercial port of mainland Greece in the Aegean sea ( after Piraeus and Thessaloniki ) , with connection by ferry and hydrofoil to the nearby Sporades Islands , which include Skiathos , Skopelos and Alonissos .
Globel ( pronounced ( ɡlɔˈbeːu̯ ) or ( ˈɡloːbɛu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia , located west of the main town of Sodražica .
The Canton of Châteaugiron is a canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in the northeast of the department .
The Forum des peuples is an annual demonstration organized since 2002 in Mali by the Coalition des alternatives africaines dettes et développement ( CAD - Mali ) joining together the alter - globalists of the developing countries .
Kłobia Nowa ( ˈkwɔbja ˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kar Gavaneh ( Persian : كرگوانه‎ , also Romanized as Kar Gabeneh and Gargabīneh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Wydorowo ( vɨdɔˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The SIS Swiss International Schools are a group of 15 private day schools in Switzerland , Germany and Brazil offering continuous education from kindergarten through to college .
Pistoia Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Pistoia or Cattedrale di San Zeno ) is the main religious building of Pistoia , Tuscany , central Italy , located in the Piazza del Duomo in the centre of the city .
Sireköpinge Church ( Swedish : Sireköpinge kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church east of Landskrona in the province of Scania , Sweden .
Cal Madow ( also Al Madow , Al Medu , Calmadow or Al Mado ) ( Somali : Buuraha Calmadow , Arabic : علمدو‎ ) is a mountain range in northeastern Somalia , extending from several kilometers west of Bosaso to northwest of Erigavo .
Ambanpola ( Sinhalese : අඹන්පොල ) is a small town in Kurunegala District in Sri Lanka .
Mr. Underhill is a music band from Vancouver , Canada started by Chris Kirkham aka Nim Vind .
The Toulon Opera ( L'opéra de Toulon ) , inaugurated on 1 October 1862 , is the second - largest opera house in France , after the Palais Garnier in Paris , although it opened thirteen years before the Garnier .
Permyak Salty Ears ( Russian : Пермяк солёные уши ) is a 2006 urban sculpture by Rustam Ismagilov in the city of Perm , Russia .
Necochea is a port and beach city in the southwest of Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The Sostro District ( pronounced ( ˈsoːstɾɔ ) ; Slovene : Četrtna skupnost Sostro ) , or simply Sostro , is a district ( mestna četrt ) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Anbar - e Maran ( Persian : انبارماران‎ , also Romanized as Anbār - e Mārān ; also known as Anbār - e Mīānī and Anbār - e Vasaţ ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pira , Tarragona is a village in the province of Tarragona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Witówko ( viˈtufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Włoszczowa ( vwɔʂˈt͡ʂɔva ) is a town in Poland , in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , about 50 km ( 31 mi ) west of Kielce .
Dasht - e Arzhan ( Persian : دشت ارژن‎‎ ; also known as Dachte - Arjan , Dasht - e Arjan , Dasht - e Arzhaneh , and Dasht - i- Arjan ) is a village in Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Shire of Gingin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , just beyond the northern fringe of the Perth metropolitan area .
Noland Bay is a bay in Northern Tasmania , Australia located in Bass Strait .
Tuần Châu is a schist island on the south - west side of Hạ Long City in Vietnam .
Ochodnica ( Hungarian : Ösvényes , to 1899 Ochodnicza ) is a village and municipality in Kysucké Nové Mesto District in the Zilina Region of northern Slovakia .
Birkenhead Point is a point in Port Jackson , in the suburb of Drummoyne , New South Wales , Australia .
Vilia ( Greek : Βίλια ) is a village and a former municipality of West Attica , Greece .
Akanthou ( Greek : Ακανθού ; Turkish : Tatlısu ) is a village in Famagusta District , on the northern coast of Cyprus .
Minoo Island is an Iranian island in the Khuzestan province ( located in Persian Gulf ) , in southwestern Iran and is close to the city of Abadan .
Horcajuelo de la Sierra ( Spanish pronunciation : ( oɾkaˈxwelo ðe la ˈsjera ) ) is a municipality of the Community of Madrid , Spain .
Sri Temasek is a two - storey detached house built in 1869 which is sited within the grounds of the Istana in Singapore .
Mecerreyes is a village and municipality in the province of Burgos in Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
The 2012 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held at the Thialf ice stadium in Heerenveen , Netherlands from 4 to 5 February 2012 .
Rybnik County ( Polish : powiat rybnicki ) is a suburban county in Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland , created in 1999 as a result of Polish local government reforms .
Mahottari District ( Nepali : महोत्तरी जिल्ला , Listen ) , a part of Janakpur Zone , is one of the seventy - five districts of Nepal .
Dudhsagar Falls is amongst India 's tallest waterfalls with a height of 310 m(1017 feet ) and an average width of 30 metres ( 100 feet ) .
Uayma is a town in the Yucatán State , Mexico and the municipal seat of the Uayma Municipality .
Minaret College is the largest co - educational Islamic school in South - Eastern Melbourne , Australia .
Munshausen ( Luxembourgish : Munzen ) is a village in northern Luxembourg , in the commune of Clervaux .
After the liberation of Greece , Kerasochori was chosen as the seat of Agraion municipality , an old local municipality of Evrytania .
Strâmtura ( Hungarian : Szurdok ) is a commune in Maramureş County , Romania .
Jaur is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north - western Nepal .
Braviken Paper Mill ( or simply Braviken ) is a paper mill located outside Bråviken , Norrköping , in Sweden .
Misa Urqu ( Quechua misa table , urqu mountain , literally `` table mountain '' , hispanicized spelling Misa Orjo ) is a mountain in the north of the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Burgruine Ortenburg is the ruins of a mediaeval castle near Baldramsdorf in Carinthia , Austria .
Perati ( pronounced ( ˈpeːɾati ) ) is a small settlement near Livek in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Quvasoy ( Uzbek : Quvasoy ; Tajik : Кувасой ; Russian : Кувасай ) is a city in Fergana Region in eastern Uzbekistan .
Buona Vista Bus Terminal ( Chinese : 波那维斯达巴士终站 ) is a bus terminal in Buona Vista , Singapore .
Michell 's Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa which approaches the town of Ceres from the south - west , connecting it to Tulbagh , Worcester and the Breede River Valley .
The Lyell McEwin Hospital ( LMH ) is a 385-bed acute care teaching hospital located in Adelaide , South Australia that provides a full range of medical , surgical , diagnostic , emergency and support services to a population of more than 300,000 people living primarily in Adelaide 's northern suburbs and nearby towns .
Mountain Institution is a medium security federal penitentiary operated by the Correctional Service of Canada ( CSC ) .
New Halfa Airport ( IATA : NHF , ICAO : HSNW ) is an airport serving New Halfa , located in the state of Kassala in Sudan .
Bakhuys Airstrip ( ICAO : SMBG ) is an airstrip located near the Bakhuys Mountains , called Bakhuys Gebergte in Suriname .
Zainabobod ( Persian : زینب‌آباد‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Kaharoa is a rural area of New Zealand approximately 20 km from Rotorua and 45 km from Tauranga on the North Island .
Archives of Yugoslavia ( Serbian Cyrillic : Архив Југославије ) , in Belgrade , Serbia , houses and protects the archival materials produced by state bodies and organizations of Yugoslavia from 1918 to 2006 .
Calling Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CFK4 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) northwest of Calling Lake , Alberta , Canada .
The Diggings was a colloquial term for the gold rush locations in Australia and the United States beginning in the 1850s .
Lasarat ( also known as Laso Harrad ) is a town in eastern Ethiopia .
Sørfjorden Chapel ( Norwegian : Sørfjorden kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county , Norway .
The Untere Wildgrubenspitze ( rarely Große Wildgrubenspitze ) is the highest peak of the Lechquellen Mountains in Austria .
Hailey College of Commerce is a constituent undergraduate , graduate , and post - graduate college of the University of the Punjab in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Alma Jordan Library at the University of the West Indies ( UWI ) , Trinidad and Tobago , was named after UWI librarian Dr. Alma Jordan in 2012 .
The Do Ab prison is a prison in Panjshir , Afghanistan .
Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Sydney , Australia , owned and operated by Roslyn Oxley and her husband Tony Oxley .
Kərkicahan ( also , Kərgicahan , Kirdidzhan , Kirkidzhan , and Krkzhan ) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zervynos is an ethnographic village in the Varėna district , Lithuania .
The Grand Hotel Heiligendamm is a luxury hotel in Heiligendamm on the Mecklenburg Baltic coast in Germany .
Shunyo Park or Shunyo Garden is a 12-acre ( 49,000 m2 ) Zen garden in the Osho Ashram at Koregaon Park , Pune , India .
Mawk'a Tampu ( Quechua mawk'a old , tampu inn , `` old tampu '' , hispanicized spelling Maucatambo ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia .
Lovachol ( Persian : لواچال‎ , also Romanized as Lovāchol ; also known as Lovāchol - e Mashāyekh and Loveh Chāl ) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sakumono is a small town in the Nugcity around Tema Metropolitan district , a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana .
Gorliz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , which lies within the autonomous community of the Basque Country , in northern Spain .
As of the census of India 2001 , Karaiyippatti had a population of 33,881 comprising 17,238 males and 16,643 females , making the sex ratio ( number of females per thousand males ) of the town 965 .
Etsako East is a local government council in Edo state , Nigeria with its headquarters at Agenebode .
Viyyoor Central Jail Government Engineering College , Thrissur Vimala College All India Radio , Thrissur Doordarshan , Thrissur Sessions Court District Institute for Education and Training Hindi Training College Armed Police Camp Police Academy Ramavarmapuram School Juvenile home Viyyur Grameena vayanasala St. Francis L.P. School 110 kV Substation
Valchedram Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Вълчедръм ) is a frontier municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain .
Kovalevsky forest ( Russian : Ковалевский лес ) is a forest near St Petersburg , Russia , where thousands of Soviet citizens were massacred and buried in the first half of the twentieth century as part of the Red Terror .
El Mazuco ( or El Mazucu ) is a village in the parroquia of Caldueñu in the municipality of Llanes , in Asturias , northern Spain .
Ostróda ( ɔsˈtruda ) ( German : Osterode in Ostpreußen ) is a town in Ostróda County in the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship in Poland , with 33,191 inhabitants as of December 31 , 2009 .
Berezne ( Ukrainian : Березне , Russian : Берёзно , Polish : Bereźne ) is a city in Rivne Oblast , Ukraine , located on the Sluch River north of Rivne .
International University Audentes ( IUA ; Estonian : Rahvusvaheline Ülikool Audentes ) was Estonia 's largest private university , situated in the country 's capital city Tallinn .
Al - Shir ( Arabic : الشير‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located south of Latakia .
Tall Eshgafti ( Persian : تل اشگفتي‎ , also Romanized as Tall Eshgaftī ; also known as Tall Eshkaftan ) is a village in Falard Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Batsümber ( Mongolian : Батсүмбэр ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Diwaniya District is a district in Al - Qadisiyyah Governorate , southern Iraq .
The RSC Cronenberg is a Roller Hockey team from Wuppertal , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey ( 4,112 m ) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy .
Navidad Lake is a lake in the Beni Department , Bolivia at an elevation of 160 m , with surface area 22.5 km² .
Mowtowr - e Abdal ( Persian : موتور عبدل‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAbdal ; also known as Jamʿeh Bāmrī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jalan Tengku Omar , or Jalan Kompleks Sukan , Federal Route 216 ( formerly Terengganu state route T216 ) , is a federal road in Kuala Nerus , Terengganu , Malaysia .
Spodnja Draga ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈdɾaːɡa ) ) is a village west of Ivančna Gorica in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia .
Rathnew ( Irish : Ráth Naoi , meaning `` The Ring Fort of Naoi '' ) is a village in County Wicklow , Ireland .
Albepierre - Bredons is a French commune in the département of Cantal and Auvergne region of south - central France .
Zagol Academy is a private educational institution concentrating in both English and Amharic , located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , offering Lower Kindergarten through primary school .
La Maddalena ( Gallurese : La Madalena , Sardinian : Sa Madalena ) is a town and comune located on the island with the same name , in northern Sardinia , part of the province of Olbia - Tempio , Italy .
Nishtar Hall is a cultural centre and music venue in Peshawar , Pakistan .
Allatini Mills is the name of a large industrial area in the city of Thessaloniki , Greece near Kalamaria district .
The Amerrisque Mountains ( Spanish : Serranías de Amerrisque , Cordillera de Amerrisque ) are the central spine of Nicaragua and part of the Central American Range which extends throughout central Nicaragua for about 700 km ( 436 mi ) from Honduras in the NW to Costa Rica in the SW , just a few miles from the Caribbean .
It is politically significant , however , because Duivelsberg is the only part of the Netherlands that was annexed from Germany and retained after World War II .
Ożenna ( ɔˈʐɛnːa ) ( Ukrainian : Ожинна , Ozhynna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Seyyedabad - e Jamian ( Persian : سيد آباد جميان‎ , also Romanized as Seyyedābād - e Jamīān ; also known as Seyyedābād ) is a village in Torjan Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Usogorsk ( Russian : Усого́рск ; Komi : Усогорск ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic , Russia , located at the confluence of the Us and Mezen Rivers .
Wyrza ( ˈvɨʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gmina Grzmiąca is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Nabaa Al Safa ( Arabic : نبع الصفا ) is a village in Aley District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of Lebanon .
The Masurian Lake District or Masurian Lakeland ( Polish : Pojezierze Mazurskie ; German : Masurische Seenplatte ) is a lake district in northeastern Poland within the geographical region of Masuria .
The Valle del Guadalhorce is a comarca in the province of Málaga , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Kvernes is a village ( and former municipality ) in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Ghotki ( Urdu : گھوٹکی‎ ) , ( Sindhi : گهوٽڪِي‎ ) is the capital of Ghotki District in northern Sindh , Pakistan .
Giraglia is a French island at the northern tip of Corsica in the Mediterranean Sea , known for its powerful lighthouse and for the Torra di Giraglia , a Genoese tower , both of which are official historical monuments of France .
Chah Bid - e Bozorg ( Persian : چاه بيدبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Bīd - e Bozorg ; also known as Chāh Bīd ) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Plač ( pronounced ( ˈplaːtʃ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in northeastern Slovenia .
Torfeno Branishte ( Bulgarian : Торфено бранище / `` Turf Reserve '' ) is a nature reserve on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria , along with the Bistrishko Branishte reserve .
Okljuka ( pronounced ( ɔˈkljuːka ) ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River , south of Gradac in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Lake Carpa is a lake in Peru , located northeast of Arahuay in Huanza District , Huarochiri Province , Lima Region .
Museo de Formas Espacios y Sonidos was a museum in San José , Costa Rica , located in the former Atlantic railway station at Calle 21/23 .
Veliko Lipje ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈliːpjɛ ) ; German : Großliplach ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Igabi is a Local Government Area ( LGA ) of Kaduna State , Nigeria .
Officer Creek is an ephemeral watercourse which runs from the Musgrave Ranges in the north - west of South Australia through the Aboriginal community of Kaltjiti in the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands .
Krasnodar International Airport is the largest airport in southern Russia by capacity and is 7th largest international airport in Russia .
Sayn - Wittgenstein - Vallendar was a County of the Holy Roman Empire in Germany .
Hill Road ( officially renamed as Ramdas Nayak Road ) is an arterial road in Bandra ( West ) , Mumbai , India .
Bayero University Kano ( BUK ) is a university situated in Kano , Kano State , Nigeria .
Yalova Atatürk Mansion ( Turkish : Yalova Atatürk Köşkü ) is a mansion built for and used by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk during his visits to the thermal facilities in Yalova at Marmara Region , Turkey .
Arévalo is a municipality in Spain , it is situated in the province of Ávila and is part of the autonomous community of Castile and León .
The Mesaoria ( Greek : Μεσαορία ) is a broad , sweeping plain which makes up the north centre of the island of Cyprus .
O Chum 2 Hydropower Dam is located on O Chum River , in Banlung , Ratanakiri Province , Cambodia with an installed capacity 1 megawatt ( 1,300 hp ) , 51 gigawatt - hours ( 180 TJ ) annually .
Talmei Eliyahu ( Hebrew : תַּלְמֵי אֵלִיָּהוּ , lit . Eliyahu Furrows ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
All Saints , King City is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada in the Diocese of Toronto , Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario .
The Shire of Tambellup was a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia , about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) south of Katanning and about 330 kilometres ( 205 mi ) south - southeast of the state capital , Perth .
Jomfruens Egede is a manor house located three kilometres north - west of Faxe , a small town some 40 km south of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Federal University of Amazonas ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal do Amazonas , UFAM ) is a public university located in Manaus , state of Amazonas , Brazil .
General Kantardzhievo is a village in Aksakovo Municipality , in Varna Province , Bulgaria .
Siam Paragon ( Thai : สยามพารากอน ) is a shopping mall in Bangkok , Thailand .
Stadion Zürich is a planned stadium in Zurich , Switzerland .
Bayt al - Shaykh Yunis ( Arabic : بيت الشيخ يونس‎ , also spelled Beit al - Sheikh Yunes ) is a village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate .
Kyadigera is a village in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Quilon Aerodrome or Kollam Airport was an aerodrome in the city of Kollam in the former state of Travancore , now in Kerala , India .
Rshtunik ( Armenian : Ռշտունիք ) was a region of the old Armenia , in Vaspurakan , East of Antzevasiq .
Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base ( German : `` Fliegerhorst Fürstenfeldbruck '' ; now `` Flugplatz Fürstenfeldbruck '' ) is a German Air Force airfield near the town of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria , near Munich , Germany .
Stopići ( Cyrillic : Стопићи ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kraljevo Polje ( Cyrillic : Краљево Поље ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Babolsar ( Persian : بابلسر‎ , also Romanized as Bābolsar and Bābul Sar ; also known as Mashhadsar ( Persian : مَشهَدسَر ) , also Romanized as Mashhad - i - Sar and Meshed - i - Sar ) is a city in and the capital of Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Noertrange ( Luxembourgish : Näertreg , German : Noertringen ) is a small town in the commune of Winseler , in north - western Luxembourg .
Alfercam Museum ( ( Spanish ) : Museo Alfercam ) was a music and automobile museum in Avilés , Asturias , Spain .
Pankrác Prison , officially Prague Pankrác Remand Prison ( Vazební věznice Praha Pankrác in Czech ) , is a prison in Prague , Czech Republic .
Akovos ( Greek : Άκοβος ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Falaisia , southwestern Arcadia , Greece .
Kraljevečki Novaki is a former village that has been recorded as part of Sesvete , Croatia since 1991 .
Allinge - Sandvig is a small town on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm , Denmark .
Mazraeh - ye Shahbazi ( Persian : مزرعه شهبازي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shahbāzī ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 27 , in 6 families .
The Jelling stone ship is a stone ship , the longest known to have existed , remains of which lie under the two royal barrows at Jelling , Denmark .
Moskenes Church ( Norwegian : Moskenes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county , Norway .
Bökény is an outskirt belonging to the settlement Magyarcsanád in Hungary .
Greenlawns School Worli is a co - educational private school located in the Worli area of South Mumbai , India .
Dol pod Gojko ( pronounced ( ˈdoːl pɔd ˈɡoːi̯kɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Mowtowr - e Panzdah Khordad ( Persian : موتور15خرداد‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Pānzdah Khordād ) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Srednji Potok ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnji ˈpɔːtɔk ) ; German : Mitterpotok ) is a small settlement in the valley of Potok Creek , a minor tributary of the Kolpa River , in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Ivohibe is a hilly town in Ihorombe Region in central Madagascar .
Lågskär ( Swedish for `` low skerry '' ) is a small island within the Åland Islands archipelago of Finland .
Casa do Penedo , also known as Stone Castle or a Stone House , is an architectural monument located between Celorico de Basto and Fafe , in northern Portugal .
Plumaudan ( Breton : Pluvaodan , Gallo : Ploemaudan ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Victorian Gay and Lesbian Rights Lobby ( VGLRL ) is the peak lobby group in Victoria , Australia for the attainment of equality , human rights and social justice for the entire Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Transgender and Intersex ( GLBTI ) community .
Lake Pape ( Latvian : Papes ezers ) is a lake in Latvia about 15 km south of Liepaja .
The town of Schwyz ( German pronunciation : ( ʃviːt͡s ) ; Italian : Svitto ) is the capital of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
Malý Lipník ( Ukrainian : Малий Липник , Malyi Lypnyk ) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia .
Gręziniec ( also Grzęziniec ) is a 5.5-km river of northwestern Poland , with its headwaters in the Ueckermünde Heath .
Santo Stefano al Ponte is a Romanesque - style , Roman Catholic church , located in the Piazza of the same name , just off the Via Por Santa Maria , near the Ponte Vecchio , in Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
The City of Sydney is the local government area covering the Sydney central business district and surrounding inner city suburbs of the greater metropolitan area of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Yale - NUS College is a liberal arts college in Singapore .
Tom Bahar ( Persian : تم بهار‎ , also Romanized as Tom Bahār ; also known as Ton Bahār ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dam Sefidar ( Persian : دم سفيدار‎ , also Romanized as Dam Sefīdār ; also known as Dam Sepīdār ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Åkra Church ( Norwegian : Åkra kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Monte Nerone is a mountain in the Umbrian Apennines , in the province of Pesaro e Urbino , Marche , central Italy .
The Cuyabeno Wildlife Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva de Producción Faunística Cuyabeno ) is the second largest reserve of the 45 national parks and protected areas in Ecuador .
Maumaupaki is a mountain in New Zealand 819 m ( 2687 ft . ) above sea level in the North Island .
Ottosdal is a small town situated at an altitude of 1,479 meters ( 4,855 feet ) on the branch railway line from Makwassie in the central North West Province of South Africa .
Tenane , also Tenan , is a village on the north coast of Maré Island , in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia .
Knutstad Chapel ( Norwegian : Knutstad kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Sippersfeld is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Brancacci Chapel ( in Italian , `` Cappella dei Brancacci '' ) is a chapel in the Church of Santa Maria del Carmine in Florence , central Italy .
Wadala Cheema is a village located in the Gujranwala district in the province of Punjab , Pakistan .
Sulgan ( Persian : سولگان‎ , also Romanized as Sūlgān ; also known as Selagūn and Sūlījān ) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District , Gandoman District , Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Repperndorf is a village in the rural district of Kitzingen , Regierungsbezirk Lower Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
The Sierra Nevada Ski Station is a ski resort in the Sierra Nevada in the province of Granada in southeastern Spain .
Gare de Saumur is a railway station serving the town Saumur , Maine - et - Loire department , western France .
Aue - Schwarzenberg is a former district in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
Pekajik ( Persian : پكاجيك‎ , also Romanized as Pekājīk ; also known as Payahjīk ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ankara Atatürk Anadolu Lisesi ( Ankara Atatürk Anatolian High School ) , established in 1971 , is one of the oldest Anatolian High Schools of Ankara and Turkey .
Moudros ( Greek : Μούδρος ) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Lemnos , North Aegean , Greece .
Lealui or Lialui is the dry season residence on the Barotse Floodplain of the Litunga , king Troverman of the Lozi people of western Zambia , located about 14 km west of the town of Mongu and about 10 km east of the river 's main channel .
Martonvásár is the 11th largest town in Fejér county , Hungary .
Upper Beckett Falls is a 10 metre high ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Ar Ru'ays ( Arabic : اَلرُّؤَيْس‎ ) , also spelled Al Ruwais , is a port town in the municipality of Madinat ash Shamal in Qatar .
The 2014 World Ports Classic was the third edition of the two - day World Ports Classic cycle race between the port cities of Rotterdam in the Netherlands and Antwerp in Belgium .
Saintard is a town in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
Maloelap Airport is a public use airport located on Taroa Island in Maloelap Atoll , Marshall Islands .
Three Hills Airport , ( TC LID : CEN3 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east southeast of Three Hills , Alberta , Canada .
Ikukunitama Shrine ( 生國魂神社 , Ikukunitama jinja ) is a Shinto shrine located in Tennōji - ku , Osaka Prefecture , Japan .
Bērzaine parish ( Latvian : Bērzaines pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Kocēni Municipality , Latvia .
The Acts of Union 1800 ( sometimes erroneously referred to as a single Act of Union 1801 ) united the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland ( previously in personal union ) to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland with effect from 1 January 1801 .
Pärnu Airport ( Estonian : Pärnu lennujaam , IATA : EPU , ICAO : EEPU ) is an airport in Estonia .
Nowe Miasto nad Wartą ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈmjastɔ ˌnad ˈvartɔ̃ ) is a village in Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Voreino ( Greek : Βορεινό ) is a village and a community in the Pella regional unit , northern Greece .
Ytteren Church ( Norwegian : Ytteren kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Sahasralinga ( Kannada : ಸಹಸ್ರಲಿಂಗ ) is a pilgrimage place , located around 17 km from the Sirsi Taluk in the district of Uttara Kannada of Karnataka state in India .
The Tekapo River flows occasionally through the Mackenzie Basin , Canterbury , in New Zealand 's South Island , although the riverbed is now often dry in the upper reaches .
Skålvær Church ( Norwegian : Skålvær kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Alstahaug in Nordland county , Norway .
Sankt Paulsgatan ( St. Paul Street ) is a street of Södermalm , Stockholm , Sweden .
TIFF Bell Lightbox is a cultural centre in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located on the north west corner of the intersection of King Street and John Street .
Moestroff ( Luxembourgish : Méischtref ) is a small town in the commune of Bettendorf , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
The Antigua People 's Party was a minor political party in Antigua and Barbuda .
Gen Re 's Property and Casualty reinsurance in North America is written through General Reinsurance Corporation and internationally through Germany - based General Reinsurance AG and other wholly owned affiliates .
Alchevsk ( Ukrainian : Алчевськ , translit . Alchevs'k ; Russian : Алчевск ) is a city of oblast significance of Luhansk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Nahlin Mountain is a mountain on the north side of the Nahlin River in far northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Willowvale is the name of an industrial suburb in the South West of Harare , Zimbabwe .
The Kpong Dam , also known as the Akuse Dam , is a hydroelectric power generating dam on the lower Volta River near Akuse in Ghana .
Grangegorman ( Irish : Gráinseach Ghormáin ) is a suburb on the northside of Dublin city , Ireland .
The Medici Archive Project ( MAP ) is an initiative which is building an electronic database of material related to the Medici Granducal Archival Collection in Florence , Italy .
Aligarh Muslim University ( AMU ) is a public university funded by the Government of India .
Pfalzen ( Italian : Falzes ; Ladin : Falzes ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Bolzano .
Quetrupillán Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile .
Arganza ( Spanish pronunciation : ( arˈɣanθa ) ) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
The First Lord of the Treasury is the head of the commission exercising the ancient office of Lord High Treasurer in the United Kingdom , and is now always also the Prime Minister .
Fredelsloh is a village in Lower Saxony in Germany close to the town of Northeim .
Jumbilla is a town in Northern Peru , capital of the province Bongará in the region Amazonas , located at an altitude of 1935 m .
Noé - les - Mallets , previously Noë - les - Mallets , is a commune in the Aube department in north - central France .
The Gardon or Gard ( Occitan and French : Gardon , Gard ) is a river in southern France .
Cấm Sơn Lake ( Vietnamese : Hồ Cấm Sơn ) is a lake in Lục Ngạn District , Bắc Giang Province , Vietnam , near the border with Lạng Sơn Province .
Royal Air Force Station Gütersloh , more commonly known as RAF Gütersloh , was a Royal Air Force Germany military airfield , the nearest Royal Air Force airfield to the East / West German border , in the vicinity of the town of Gütersloh .
Acadiensis is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal covering the history of Atlantic Canada .
New Farm Park ferry wharf is a ferry wharf at New Farm Park in the suburb of New Farm in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Salas de los Infantes is a municipality and city located in Burgos Province between Logroño , Soria and Burgos in Spain .
Ornbau is a walled city in the district of Ansbach , in Bavaria , Germany .
KrasAvia is a scheduled and charter passenger airline based in Krasnoyarsk , Russia .
Saint - Martial - sur - Isop ( Occitan : Sent Marçau ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Darat Izza ( Arabic : دارة عزة‎ , also spelled Darat Aza or Darit Izza ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) northwest of Aleppo .
Ashcroft Manor Ranch , known also as Ashcroft Ranch , is an historic ranch in the Thompson Country of British Columbia , Canada , founded by Clement Francis Cornwall ( later Lieutenant - Governor of British Columbia ) and his brother , Henry Cornwall .
Qashqabad ( Persian : قشق اباد‎ , also Romanized as Qashqābād ; also known as `` Eshqābād ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 350 , in 80 families .
Salonga National Park is a national park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo located in the Congo River basin .
Kiambiu ( sometimes spelled as Kiambio ) is a slum in Nairobi , Kenya with 40 - 50,000 residents .
Melchsee - Frutt is a mountain resort village in Switzerland .
Davangere railway station is a railway station in Davangere , state of Karnataka , India .
Listasavn Føroya ( Faroe Islands Art Museum ) is an art museum in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands for mostly permanent exhibits of Faroese arts .
The Ōpaoa River , formerly called the Opawa River , is in the Marlborough region of the South Island of New Zealand .
Vasilikos Power Station is the newest power plant of Electricity Authority of Cyprus .
Imo State Polytechnic is a higher education institute in Umuagwo , Imo State , Nigeria .
Majdan Borowski ( ˈmai̯dan bɔˈrɔfski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Daveh Shahri ( Persian : دوه شهري‎ , also Romanized as Daveh Shahrī ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Escape Theme Park was an outdoor theme park located inside NTUC Downtown East , Pasir Ris in Singapore .
Techimantia is a city located in the Tano District of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Jelin - e Sofla ( Persian : جلين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jelīn - e Soflá ; also known as Jelīn - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Estarabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Trawniki - Kolonia ( travˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chapman Aerodrome ( IATA : EZ2 , TC LID : CEZ2 ) is a registered aerodrome located on the shores of the Blackstone River in the Yukon , Canada .
Ain Tarik ( Arabic : عين طارق‎ ) is a municipality occupying 178 km2 located southeast of Relizane Province , Algeria .
Radostów Drugi ( raˈdɔstuf ˈdruɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Tikub ( also known as Lake Ticub , Lake Ticob , Lake Tikob or Lake Ticab ) is a nearly circular crater lake located in the province of Quezon , in the Philippines .
Klenica ( klɛˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Kleinitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojadła , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Doetinchem ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdutɪnˌxɛm ) ; Low Saxon : Deutekem ) is a city and municipality in the east of the Netherlands .
Remanso ( backwater ) is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North - East region of Brazil .
Quintenic ( Breton : Kistenid , Gallo : Qeintenit ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Chatterton River is a river of north Canterbury , New Zealand .
ÖVB Arena ( originally Stadthalle Bremen , formerly Bremen - Arena and AWD - Dome ) is the largest indoor arena in Bremen , Germany .
Santa Teresa la Antigua is a former convent located in the historic center of Mexico City on Licenciado Primo de Verdad # 6 just northeast of the city 's main plaza .
Dagamela is a small settlement in Matabeleland North , Zimbabwe and is located about 140 km north - west of Gweru in the Nkayi District close to the Shangani River .
Laurentian Regional High School is an English secondary school in Lachute in the region of Laurentides , Quebec , Canada .
The Christchurch Polytechnic Institute of Technology ( CPIT ) , formerly the Christchurch Technical College , is an institute of technology in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Matekane Air Strip is an airport in Lesotho , Africa with a 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) runway that extends to the edge of a 600 m ( 2,000 ft ) cliff .
Petrus Steyn is a small farming town between Tweeling and Kroonstad in the Free State province of South Africa .
Mysłowice ( mɨswɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( German Myslowitz ) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland , near Katowice .
Kolka parish ( Latvian : Kolkas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Dundaga Municipality , Latvia .
Nisko County ( Polish : powiat niżański ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
The Palau de la Música Catalana ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pəˈɫaw ðə ɫə ˈmuzikə kətəˈɫanə ) , English : Palace of Catalan Music ) is a concert hall in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
WT Os International Film Festival , also known as the WT - festival , is an international film festival in Os , south of Bergen , Norway , held annually in early November .
Al Assad University Hospital in Damascus is one of the largest teaching hospitals in Syria .
Ushiberd ( Armenian : Ուշիբերդ ) is an Iron Age fortress located upon a hill just outside the village of Ushi in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Hesperia Tower is a hotel situated in the district of Bellvitge in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat ( suburb of Barcelona ) , Catalonia , Spain .
Santiago Christian School is a US - accredited , English - immersion PK-12 Christian school located in Santiago , Dominican Republic .
Vatovavy - Fitovinany is a region located in southeast Madagascar .
Donji Žabar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Жабар ) is a village and a municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Strachocice - Kolonia ( straxɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Motorina Island is an island of Papua New Guinea , part of the Calvados Chain .
Corenc is a commune in the Isère département in southeastern France .
The German Music Archive ( in German : Deutsches Musikarchiv , DMA ) is the central collection of printed and recorded music and the music - bibliographic information centre for Germany .
Faulvatnet ( Lule Sami : Låddejávrre ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county , Norway .
Agarathos Monastery ( Greek : Μονή Αγκαράθου ) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery situated near the village of Sgourokefali ( part of Episkopi municipal unit ) of the Heraklion regional unit in central Crete , Greece .
Arbu Sara ( Persian : اربوسرا‎ , also Romanized as Arbū Sarā ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wollongong Hospital is the major tertiary referral hospital located in the Wollongong Metropolitan area , New South Wales , Australia .
Eat St. is a Canadian reality television series produced by Paperny Entertainment that airs on Food Network Canada and Cooking Channel .
Barkby has a current population of 316 according to the United Kingdom Census 2011 , however throughout its history , Barkby 's population has fluctuated significantly .
The Natural Step is a non - profit organization founded in Sweden in 1989 by scientist Karl - Henrik Robèrt .
Zourafa is administered by Greece .
Pool 's Cove is a community located on the north west side of Fortune Bay , on the South Coast of Newfoundland , Canada .
Chrysanthio ( Greek : Χρυσάνθιο , before 1957 : Βερσοβά - Versova ) is a village in the municipal unit of Aigeira , Achaea , Greece .
The Elineberg Housing development ( Swedish : Elinebergshusen ) consists of six high - rise apartment buildings located in the residential area of Elineberg in Helsingborg , south - western Sweden .
Badejan Akhureh ( Persian : بادجان اخوره‎ , also Romanized as Bādejān Ākhūreh ; also known as Bādejān Ākhoreh and Bādjān ) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Udupi Sri Krishna Matha ( Kannada:ಉಡುಪಿ ಶ್ರೀ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಮಠ ) is a famous Hindu temple dedicated to god Krishna located in the town of Udupi in Karnataka , India .
Toémiga is a village in the Kombissiri Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso , West Africa .
The Amiskwi River is a stream of about 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) in length in British Columbia , Canada .
Radwaniyah Palace ( also known as Al Radwaniyah Presidential Complex ) is a palace in Baghdad , Iraq , which functioned as a presidential resort for the late Iraqi Dictator Saddam Hussein until it was taken over by coalition forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Chenôve ( /ʃəno : v/ ) is a commune in the Côte - d'Or department in the Burgundy region of France .
Tugbong is a barrio situated in the municipality of Kananga , Leyte , Philippines .
The Hsieh - ho Power Plant ( Chinese : 協和發電廠 ; pinyin : Xiéhé Fādiànchǎng ) is an oil - fired power plant in Zhongshan District , Keelung , Taiwan .
Van Stadensrus is a settlement in Naledi Municipality , falling under Xhariep District Municipality in the Free State province of South Africa .
Avnevi ( Georgian : ავნევი ; Ossetian : Аунеу , Awnew ) is a small village in South Ossetia , a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed .
The Castro of Monte Valinhas , alternately the Castro of São João de Valinhas , is an archaeological site in Portugal , in the civil parish of Santa Eulália , in the municipality of Arouca , notable for the discovery of important traces of human remains from the last 2000 years .
Gleink Abbey ( Stift or Kloster Gleink ) was a Benedictine monastery located in the town of Steyr in Austria .
Ješevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јешевац ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Gornji Milanovac .
Faggala ( Arabic : الفجّالة‎ ) is a district of Cairo , Egypt near Ramesis Square .
Batanta is one of the four major islands in the Raja Ampat Islands in West Papua province , Indonesia .
Tenea ( Greek : Τενέα ) is an ancient city and a former municipality in Corinthia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Rogoziniec ( rɔɡɔˈʑiɲet͡s ) ( German : Rogsen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Gornja Stubica ( Croatian pronunciation : ( gôːrɲaː stûbit͡sa ) ) is a town in Krapina - Zagorje County , Croatia .
The Cotswold Water Park is the United Kingdom 's largest marl lake system .
Cheranalloor Shiva temple is a famous temple located at Cheranalloor , Ernakulam , Kerala , India .
Piraera is one of the municipalities of Lempira department in Honduras .
Zgliczyn Witowy ( ˈzɡlit͡ʂɨn viˈtɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Oreti River is one of the main rivers of Southland , New Zealand , and is 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) long .
Danderesso is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Schloss Gaibach ( full title : Gräflich Schönborn’sches Schloss Gaibach or Comital Schönborn Castle at Gaibach ) is a castle in Gaibach , a district of the town of Volkach in Germany .
One of the relocatees at Shalalth was Dr. Masajiro Miyazaki , a US - trained osteopath who stayed on after the war and became one of Lillooet 's two Companions of the Order of Canada .
The Kirkland and District Hospital is a public hospital which was established in 1976 to serve Kirkland Lake , Ontario , Canada and area .
Zoétgomdé , Boulkiemdé is a village in the Soaw Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso .
Xocadoy is a village in the municipality of Aşağı Amburdərə in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Chah Kar ( Persian : چهكار‎ , also Romanized as Chah Kār ; also known as Chāh - e Gār and Chāh Gār ) is a village in Band - e Zarak Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Villa Sarabhai or Villa de Madame Manorama Sarabhai is a modernist villa located in Ahmedabad , India .
Heffley Creek is a neighbourhood along the Yellowhead Highway in Kamloops , British Columbia , Canada .
Tanjung Balau is a beach town in Kota Tinggi District , Johor , Malaysia .
Siavonga is a town in the Southern Province of Zambia , lying on the north shore of Lake Kariba .
The Venkataramana Temple , Karkala , also known as Padutirupathi , is a temple in Karnataka , India .
Since 2001 Kevin Bailey has co - organised and judged at the annual Poetry on the Lake festival held at Orta San Giulio in Italy , the antique island on Lake Orta , northern Italy .
St Saviour 's Chapel is an Anglican church in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Theatre Passe Muraille is a theatre company in Toronto , Canada .
Mameyand ( Persian : مميند‎ ; also known as Ma``īnad , Mamevand , and Mamīneh ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 788 , in 136 families .
Tham Phu Kham is a cave to the northwest of Vang Vieng , Laos , located just to the northeast of the village of Ban Na Thong .
Millennia Institute ( MI ) is a pre - university institution in Singapore .
Faravan ( Persian : فروان‎ , also Romanized as Faravān , Farvān , Farwān , and Forvān ) is a village in Faravan Rural District , Kohanabad District , Aradan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
La Caya is a town in the Valverde province of the Cibao region of the Dominican Republic .
FC Wiltz 71 is a football club , based in Wiltz , in north - western Luxembourg .
Przysiekiercze ( pʂɨɕɛˈkʲɛrt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bungoma is a town in Bungoma County of Kenya , bordered by Uganda in the west .
Pimar ( Persian : پيمار‎ , also Romanized as Pīmār ) is a village in Qahab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bucaspor is very famous club with football academy in Turkey .
Mahiga is a Location in Nyeri County of Kenya 's Central Province .
Renewed Democratic Liberty ( Spanish : Libertad Democrática Renovada , Spanish acronym : LIDER , alternative translations : Democratic Freedom Revival , Renewed Democratic Liberation ) is a centre - right political party in Guatemala .
The Muttereralmbahn is an aerial tramway in Mutters , Tyrol , Austria .
Estarreja ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ( ɨ)ʃtɐˈʁɐjʒɐ ) or ( ( ɨ)ʃtɐˈʁɛʒɐ ) ) is a municipality in Portugal .
Boí Taüll Resort ( Catalan pronunciation : ( buˈi təˈuʎ ) , locally : ( boˈi taˈuʎ ) ) is a ski resort located in the heart of the Pyrenees , in the Vall de Boí , Catalonia ( Spain ) , opened in 1988 .
Chong Hwa Independent High School , Kuala Lumpur ( Chinese : 吉隆坡中华独立中学 ) is one of Malaysia 's oldest high schools .
Laon ( French pronunciation : ​(lɑ̃ ) ) is the capital city of the Aisne department in Picardy , northern France .
Kogalym International Airport ( Russian : Международный аэропорт Когалым ) ( IATA : KGP , ICAO : USRK ) is an airport in Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia located 9 km southeast of Kogalym .
Mittelreidenbach is an Ortsgemeinde - a member of the Verbandsgemeinde ( United Municipalities of ) Herrstein - in the district of Birkenfeld in the state of Rhineland - Palatinate , in southwestern Germany .
The Skeppsholmen Church ( Swedish : Skeppsholmskyrkan ) is a church on the islet of Skeppsholmen in central Stockholm , Sweden , secularized in 2002 .
Paiyapathar or Paia Pathar ( Bengali : পৈয়াপাথর , পইয়াপাথর ) is a village in Paschim Nabipur Union , Muradnagar Upazila , Comilla District , Bangladesh .
Gable End Foreland is a prominent headland on the northeastern coast of New Zealand 's North island .
The Hemphill River is a river of the northwestern South Island of New Zealand .
The Thiruvananthapuram Zoo ( also known as Trivandrum Zoo ) is located in the city of Thiruvananthapuram , the capital of Kerala , India .
Sampang Regency is a regency ( Indonesian : kabupaten ) of East Java province , Indonesia .
Świerże - Kończany ( ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ kɔɲˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tsrviz Chapel ( Armenian : Ծռվիզի Մատուռ ) or Moro - Dzoro ( Armenian : Մորո-Ձորո ) , is a medieval Armenian chapel located near the village of Lusahovit in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Khvalynsk ( Russian : Хвалынск ; IPA : ( xvɐˈlɨnsk ) ) is a river port town in Saratov Oblast , Russia , located by the Volga River .
The Sumulong Highway , constructed in 1960 , is the highway in the Philippines that connects Marikina with Antipolo and the municipalities of Teresa and Morong in the province of Rizal .
The Villa di Pratolino was a Renaissance patrician villa in Vaglia , Tuscany , Italy .
Hajdúdorog ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( hɒjduːdoroɡ ) ) is a town in Hajdú - Bihar county , in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary .
The Jokioinen Railway ( JR , Jokioisten rautatie , Jokioisten - Forssan rautatie ) located in Jokioinen , Finland , was opened for temporary traffic on December 9 , 1898 .
Tobias Hainyeko constituency is a constituency in Katutura , Windhoek , Khomas Region , Namibia .
At 405.0 metres above sea level ( NN ) , the Bröhn is : the highest hill in the Deister , the highest hill on the extreme northern rim of the German Central Uplands , because all hills in Germany with a higher latitude are lower than the Bröhn .
Qazi Akhavi ( Persian : قاضي اخوي‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Akhavī ) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hudi Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈxuːdi ˈʋərx ) ) is a small village on a slight elevation south of Fara in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Khalifeh Chay ( Persian : خليفه چاي‎ , also Romanized as Khalīfeh Chāy ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mostová ( Hungarian : Hidaskürt ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
The University of the Visayas ( UV ) is an educational institution located at Cebu City , Philippines .
Tell Dahab ( Arabic : تل ذهب‎ , also spelled Tal Dhahab ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northwest of Homs .
Shopokov ( Kyrgyz : Шопоков ; Russian : Шопоков ) is a town in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales ( WTSWW ) is a Wildlife Trust in south and west Wales , one of 47 such Trusts in the United Kingdom .
Godovič ( pronounced ( ɡɔdɔˈʋiːtʃ ) or ( ɡɔdɔˈʋitʃ ) ) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Ludwig Canal ( German : Ludwig - Donau - Main - Kanal or Ludwigskanal ) , is an abandoned canal in southern Germany .
Skräddargränd ( Swedish : `` Tailor 's Alley '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Žemaitkiemis ( Polish : Żmujdki ) is a town in Ukmergė district , Lithuania .
Pedlar Island is a small island located in the western part of Lake Nipissing in western Ontario , Canada .
Camarma de Esteruelas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈmaɾma ðe esteˈɾwelas ) ) is a Spanish village and municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain , 35 km northeast of the city of Madrid and 5 km north of Alcalá de Henares .
Butiama is a town in northern Tanzania and the birthplace of Julius Nyerere , the first president of Tanzania .
The Port of Nacala is in Nacala in northern Mozambique .
Gressåmoen National Park ( Norwegian : Gressåmoen nasjonalpark ) is a former national park which lay in Snåsa municipality , Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Khaledabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خالدآباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Emamzadeh District , Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Fuerte de Punta Carnero was a fort near Algeciras in Spain .
The Mangatoro River or Mangatoro Stream is a river of the Hawke 's Bay region of New Zealand .
Shahin Qaleh ( Persian : شاهين قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Shāhīn Qal``eh ; also known as Emām Qal``eh ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 239 , in 61 families .
Holy Rosary Minor Seminary ( also named Seminario del Santissimo Rosario ) is a Roman Catholic seminary or a house of formation for high school and college would - be priests run by the Archdiocese of Caceres in Naga City , Philippines .
Praprotna Polica ( pronounced ( ˈpɾaːpɾɔtna pɔˈliːtsa ) ; German : Oberfeld ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Otovec ( pronounced ( ˈoːtɔʋəts ) ; German : Otawitz ) is a settlement northwest of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Carntemple , once known as Kilbrecan , is a ruined church in the civil parish of Doora , County Clare , Ireland .
Luleh ( Persian : لوله‎ , also Romanized as Lūleh ; also known as Kūh Lūleh ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
National Taipei University of Education ( NTUE ; Chinese : 國立臺北教育大學 ) is a university located in Da'an District , Taipei , Taiwan that predominantly focuses on teacher training .
Kingaroy Airport or Sir Joh Bjelke Petersen Airport ( IATA : KGY , ICAO : YKRY ) is an airport located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) south of Kingaroy , Queensland , Australia .
Abul - Samsari Range ( Georgian : აბულ-სამსარის ქედი ) is a volcanic range in southern Georgia , 120 km ( 75 mi ) to the southwest of Tbilisi .
St. Gallen ( Wahlkreis ) is a constituency in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Briksdalsbreen is located in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Phachi River ( Thai : แม่น้ำภาชี , RTGS : Maenam Phachi , Thai pronunciation : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm pʰaː.tɕʰiː ) ) is a river in western Thailand .
The Château de Morlanne is a restored castle in the commune of Morlanne in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques département of France .
Raoued ( Tunisian Arabic : رواد‎ rawād ) is a town and commune in the Ariana Governorate , Tunisia .
Qazi Jahan ( Persian : قاضي جهان‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Jahān ) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District , Howmeh District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zillebeke Churchyard Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery forms part of the village churchyard located around the Catholic parish church of Zillebeke in Belgium .
Vayavilan Madhya Maha Vidyalayam ( Tamil : வயாவிளான் மத்திய மகா வித்தியாலயம் Vayāviḷāṉ Mattiya Makā Vittiyālayam ) is a provincial school in Vayavilan near Vasavilan , Sri Lanka .
Sakhli Ilman ( Persian : ساخلي ايلمان‎ , also Romanized as Sākhlī Ilmān ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Talbingo Dam is a major ungated rock fill with clay core embankment dam with concrete chute spillway across the Tumut River upstream of Talbingo in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Bi Namad ( Persian : بي نمد‎ , also Romanized as Bī Namad and Bīnamad ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Forti was founded by Italian businessmen Guido Forti , a former driver , and Paolo Guerci , an engineer , in the late 1970s and was based in Alessandria in northern Italy .
Richnava ( Hungarian : Rihnó ) is a village and municipality in the Gelnica District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Centro per l'arte contemporanea Luigi Pecci ( Centre for Contemporary Art Luigi Pecci ) is sited at 277 Via della Repubblica , Prato near Florence , Italy .
Lydiane is a town in east central Senegal in Kaolack region .
University College of the North ( UCN ) is a post - secondary institution located in Northern Manitoba , Canada .
It was formally opened on 21 August 1876 , and the name was changed to Reichsbrücke in 1919 after Austria became a republic .
Dandrio is a settlement in the Blenio district , Switzerland .
Eden Mohila College ( Bengali : ইডেন মহিলা কলেজ ) , generally called Eden College ( Bengali : ইডেন কলেজ ) , is a women 's college in Azimpur , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Okoły ( ɔˈkɔwɨ ) ( German Tauentzinow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Yangling Agricultural Hi - tech Industries Demonstration Zone is a zone located in Yangling District , Xianyang , Shaanxi , People 's Republic of China .
Suzak ( Uzbek : Suzoq / Сузоқ ) is a village in Jalal - Abad Region , Kyrgyzstan .
The Palazzo Colonna is a palatial block of buildings in central Rome , Italy , at the base of the Quirinal Hill , and adjacent to the church of Santi Apostoli .
Inner - Vikna ( sometimes Indre Vikna ) is the largest of the three major islands in the municipality of Vikna in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Tomasee ( Romansh : Lai da Tuma or Lag da Toma ) is a lake at the northern face of Piz Badus , above the village of Tschamut in Grisons , Switzerland .
The Action Division ( French : Division Action ) , commonly known by its predecessor 's title Action Service ( French : Service Action ) is a division of France 's Directorate - General for External Security ( DGSE ) responsible for planning and performing clandestine and covert operations including black operations .
Qena ( Arabic : قنا‎ Qinā , Egyptian Arabic : ( ˈʔenæ ) , locally : ( ˈɡena ) ) is a city in Upper Egypt , and the capital of the Qena Governorate .
Point Mosquitos ( Spanish : Punta Mosquitos or Mosquito ) is a point on the Caribbean coast of Panama in Central America .
Maharaja Bir Bikram College Stadium , is a multi - use stadium in Agartala , India .
The North Sea Jazz Festival is an annual festival held each second weekend of July in the Netherlands at the Ahoy venue .
Culture Village is a multi - purpose development project in the United Arab Emirates , located along the shoreline of the Dubai creek on a 40,000,000-square - foot ( 3,700,000 m2 ) plot of land .
The Skagit Range is a subrange of the Cascade Range in southwestern British Columbia , Canada and northwestern Washington , United States , which are known in Canada as the Canadian Cascades or , officially , the Cascade Mountains .
Otrokovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈotrokovɪtsɛ ) ; German : Otrokowitz ) is a town in the Zlín Region , Czech Republic .
The Hinter Grauspitz ( also known as Schwarzhorn ) is a mountain on the border of Switzerland and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps .
Sigdola Chhota is a small village in the Laxmangarh tehsil of the Sikar district , Rajasthan , India .
The International Cycling Film Festival ( Polish : Międzynarodowy Festiwal Filmów Rowerowych , German : Internationales Festival des Fahrrad - Films ) is an inpedendent , not - for - profit film festival held annually in Germany , in Poland and in the Netherlands .
Behjerd - e Bala ( Persian : بهجردبالا‎ , also Romanized as Behjerd - e Bālā ; also known as Behjerd ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Albrun Pass ( German : Albrunpass , Italian : Passo d'Arbola or Bocchetta d'Arbola ) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy .
Rychłocice ( rɨxwɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gomal Pass ( Pashto : ګومل‎ ) is a mountain pass on the Durand Line between Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
Circuit Park Zandvoort is a motorsport race track located in the dunes north of Zandvoort , Netherlands , near the North Sea coast line .
Pidhirtsi Castle ( Ukrainian : Підгорецький замок ; Polish : zamek w Podhorcach ) is a residential castle - fortress located in the village of Pidhirtsi in Lviv Oblast ( province ) western Ukraine , located eighty kilometers east of Lviv .
The Royal University of Law and Economics ( RULE ) is one of the oldest higher educational institutions in Cambodia .
Karjalohja ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈkɑrjɑˌlohjɑ ) ) , or Karislojo in Swedish , is a former municipality of Finland .
Ch'uspini ( Aymara jaju , ch'uspi mosquito , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with mosquitos '' , also spelled Chuspini ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Gamów ( ˈɡamuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Oudegracht , or `` old canal '' , runs through the center of Utrecht , the Netherlands .
Stung Svay Chek River is a river in northwest Cambodia .
Boneh Var - e Baba Ahmadi ( Persian : بنه واربابااحمد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Vār - e Bābā Aḩmadī ; also known as Boned Vār - e Bābā Aḩmadī and Boneh Vār ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yester Grange is an historic house and estate situated in the village of Wentworth Falls , in the Blue Mountains approximately 95 kilometres west of Sydney , Australia .
Nabunot ( variously Nabunut ) is an island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
The TAZARA Railway , also called the Uhuru Railway or the Tanzam Railway , is a railroad in East Africa linking the port of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania with the town of Kapiri Mposhi in Zambia 's Central Province .
The Alliance for a Democratic Dynamic ( French : Alliance pour une Dynamique Démocratique ) is an opposition alliance of Benin which contested the Beninese parliamentary election of 2007 .
Morkoka ( Russian : Моркока ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) under the administrative jurisdiction of the Settlement of Aykhal in Mirninsky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 291 kilometers ( 181 mi ) from Mirny , the administrative center of the district , and 178 kilometers ( 111 mi ) from Aykhal .
Zgharta District ( Arabic : زغرتا‎ ) is a district ( qadaa ) of the North Governorate , northern Lebanon .
Barkeh - ye Chupan ( Persian : بركه چوپان‎ , also Romanized as Barkeh - ye Chūpān and Barkeh Chūpān ; also known as Bargeh Choopan ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kangan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Terras de Riba - Côa or simply Riba - Côa is a historical area in central Portugal .
The Palácio do Jaburu ( English : Palace of the Jabiru ) is the official residence of the Vice - President of Brazil .
Zanguiyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : زنگوييه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zangūīyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Zangoeeyeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Glion Tunnel is a two - gallery vehicular tunnel running underneath Montreux in Switzerland .
The Trier University of Applied Sciences ( German : Hochschule Trier ) is a University of Applied Sciences ( German : `` Fachhochschule '' ) located in Trier , Birkenfeld and Idar - Oberstein ( Germany ) .
Ymyyakhtakh ( Russian : Ымыяхтах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Edeysky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 36 kilometers ( 22 mi ) from Namtsy , the administrative center of the district .
Šimonovce ( Hungarian : Rimasimonyi ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Koam Station is a railway station in Koam - dong , greater Munch'ŏn city , Kangwŏn province , North Korea , on the terminus of the Koam Branch of the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway ; the branchline connects to the mainline at Okp'yŏng .
Maradi Airport ( IATA : MFQ , ICAO : DRRM ) is an airport serving Maradi , Niger .
Cerro Catedral is a mountain located 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from San Carlos de Bariloche , and inside the Nahuel Huapí National Park , Patagonia , Argentina .
Nepean Hospital is located at the base of the Blue Mountains in Penrith , New South Wales , Australia .
The City of Geraldton was a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , 424 kilometres ( 263 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth on the Indian Ocean .
Baga Nuur ( Mongolian : Бага нуур , small lake ) is a lake in the Zavkhan Aimag in Mongolia , separated from Khar lake by a band of sand dunes .
Rösrath ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁøːsˌʁaːt ) , Colognian : Röhsroth ( ˈʁœˑsˌʁɔˑt ) ) is a city in the Rheinisch - Bergischer Kreis ( district ) in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Maja e Vjelakut ( Albanian : Maja e Vjeljakut / Maja e Vjelakut / Maja Vjelakut / Majae Vjelakut / majën e Vjelakut ; Serbian : Волујак , Volujak ) is a peak of the Prokletije range in Kosovo , reaching a top height of 2,014 m ( 6,608 ft ) .
The Bang Lang Dam ( Thai : เขื่อนบางลาง ) , also known as the Pattani Dam , is a multi - purpose hydroelectric dam in the Bannang Sata District of Yala Province , Thailand .
Yap International Airport ( IATA : YAP , ICAO : PTYA , FAA LID : T11 ) is an airport on Yap , the main island of the State of Yap in the Federated States of Micronesia .
Kadisoka ( Indonesian : Candi Kadisoka ) is a partially excavated temple , thought to be Hindu , in Sleman , Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Andamooka Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but now operates as a cattle station in outback South Australia .
The Urban Community of Marseille Provence Métropole ( French : Communauté Urbaine Marseille Provence Métropole ) is a former intercommunal structure gathering the city of Marseille ( in Provence , southern France ) and some of its suburbs .
Kragbron is a town in the Free State province of South Africa and part of the Metsimaholo Local Municipality .
New Zoveng is a new town ward of Churachandpur , Manipur ( India ) .
Bentheim - Tecklenburg - Rheda was a County of northwestern North Rhine - Westphalia and southwestern Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Federation of the Greens ( Italian : Federazione dei Verdi , or just Verdi ) is a green political party in Italy , which includes also a large eco - socialist faction .
Noshveh ( Persian : نشوه‎ , also Romanized as Neshvah ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Bokaa Dam is a dam on the Metsimotlhabe River , a tributary of the Ngotwane River , in Botswana .
Flaxweiler ( Luxembourgish : Fluessweiler ) is a commune and small town in south - eastern Luxembourg .
The San Antón Bridge ( Spanish : Puente de San Antón , Basque : San Antongo zubia ) is an arch bridge in Bilbao , Spain .
The Kozloduy Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Bulgaria situated 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) north of Sofia and 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) east of Kozloduy , a town on the Danube river , near the border with Romania .
Pouillac is a commune in the Charente - Maritime in the department in the Poitou - Charentes region in southwestern France .
Paseo del Siglo ( literally Tour of the Century or Walk of the Century ) is a part of the historical center of the city of Rosario , Argentina .
Macouria is a commune of French Guiana located midway between Cayenne and Kourou , an overseas region and department of France located in South America .
Belčišta is a village in the Republic of Macedonia , located approximately at 41.302757 ° N 20.830078 ° E. It is the municipality center of Debarca .
Savant Lake ( Sturgeon Lake ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJP3 ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) southeast of Savant Lake , Thunder Bay District , Ontario , Canada .
Rhinow ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʁiːnoː ) ) is a town in the Havelland district ( Landkreis ) , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Pinhel ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( piˈɲɛɫ ) ) is a municipality in the central subregion of Beira Interior Norte , in Portugal .
Los Cajones is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina .
Gascas de Alarcón is the site of a former town in the province of Cuenca , Spain .
Belsko ( pronounced ( ˈbeːlskɔ ) ) is a village northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Iguazu River ( Portuguese : Rio Iguaçu ( ˈʁi.u iɡwaˈsu ) , Spanish : Río Iguazú ( ˈri.o iɣwaˈsu ) ; also called Rio Iguassu ) is a river in Brazil and Argentina .
Æðey is a small island in the Westfjords region of Iceland .
Iskandar Puteri ( Jawi : إسكندر ڤوتري ) is a newly developed planned city in Johor Bahru District , Johor , Malaysia .
Saldus parish ( Latvian : Saldus pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality , Latvia .
The Vancouver Police Department ( VPD ) is the police force for the City of Vancouver in British Columbia , Canada .
Vapar Sar ( Persian : وپرسر‎ ; also known as Vafar Sar ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Khoshkkan ( Persian : خشكان‎ , also Romanized as Khoshkkān ) is a village in Karghond Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Denderstreek or Denderland is a region in the heart of Belgium .
The Antwerp Water Works ( Dutch : Antwerpse Water Werken ) or AWW produces water for the city of Antwerp ( Belgium ) and its surroundings .
Dumraon is one of Bihar 's oldest municipalities and one of India 's oldest princely states .
Hoensbroek Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Hoensbroek ) or Gebrook Castle ( Dutch : Gebrookhoes ) is one of the largest castles in the Netherlands .
Unlike most rivers in Thailand the Moei River flows north in a northwest direction .
Grasse Cathedral ( Cathédrale Notre - Dame - du - Puy de Grasse ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in the town of Grasse .
The Government Law College , Coimbatore is one of six government law colleges in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Qilehliq ( Persian : قيله ليق‎ , also Romanized as Qīlehlīq ) is a village in Zeri Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The City to Sea Bridge is a pedestrian bridge and public artwork located in Wellington City , New Zealand .
Sefikeng is a town in western Lesotho , located 30 kilometres to the east of the capital , Maseru , and 15 kilometres south of Teyateyaneng .
Dudelange - Ville railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Diddeleng - Stad , French : Gare de Dudelange - Ville , German : Bahnhof Dudelingen - Stadt ) is a railway station serving central Dudelange , in southern Luxembourg .
Nilali Goundam Palayam is a village located near Koduvai , in Tiruppur District , India .
Bahovitsa ( Bulgarian : Баховица ) is a village in Central - North Bulgaria , part of the Lovech Municipality , Lovech Province , about 5 kilometers north of Lovech .
Hanimaadhoo International Airport ( Dhivehi : ހަނިމާދޫ ބައިނަލްއަޤުވާމީ ވައިގެ ބަނދަރު IATA : HAQ , ICAO : VRMH ) is an airport located on the island of Hanimaadhoo in Haa Dhaalu Atoll , Maldives , opened as a domestic airport .
Hjerting is a district of Esbjerg in southwest Jutland , Denmark , some 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) north of the centre .
Mir Ab ( Persian : ميراب‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Āb ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kalgali is a village in northern part of the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Przydatki Dmenińskie ( pʂɨˈdatki dmɛˈniɲskʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hailey Wishers College Daska is a boys ' college in Daska , Sialkot District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Mafinga Hills are a plateau covered by hills , situated on the border between Zambia and Malawi , in Southern Africa .
Plánice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈplaːɲɪtsɛ ) ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
The Met Office recorded Bude as the sunniest place in the United Kingdom during the summer of 2013 with 783 hours of sunlight .
Lilletorget ( originally named Vaterlands Torv ) is a square in Oslo , Norway .
The Zincirlikuyu Cemetery ( Turkish : Zincirlikuyu Mezarlığı ) is a modern burial ground residing on the European part of Istanbul , Turkey .
Ben Aknoun ( Arabic : بن عكنون‎ ) is a commune of Algiers Province and a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria .
Wławie ( ˈvwavjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
La Font de la Figuera ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈfɔnt de la fiˈɣeɾa ) , Spanish : Fuente la Higuera ( ˈfwente la iˈɣeɾa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Mdimba is a mountain and hill range in northwestern Swaziland .
Aponitishchi ( Russian : Апонитищи ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Zaraysky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 12 kilometers ( 7.5 mi ) northeast from Zaraysk .
Concepción Chiquirichapa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( konsepˈsjon tʃikiɾiˈtʃapa ) ) is a municipality in the Guatemalan department of Quetzaltenango in the Western Highlands of Guatemala , 14 kilometers west of the departmental capital of Quetzaltenango , and 214 kilometers west of the capital Guatemala City .
Pozga ( ˈpɔzɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kulevi oil terminal is an oil port on the eastern Black Sea coast in Georgia .
Baroun is a small area in the Farrukhabad city of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ližnjan ( Italian : Lisignano ) is a village and municipality in Istria , Croatia .
Kamulu is a small town located roughly 40 Kilometers from Nairobi , Kenya within Nairobi County , Kasarani Constituency , Ruai Sub - County .
Kangshanagar High School ( Bengali : কংশনগর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয় ) is a combined school in Comilla , a city in Bangladesh .
Knyazhaya Guba ( Russian : Княжая Губа , Finnish : Knäsöi ) is the rural locality ( a Selo ) in Kandalakshskiy District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Mount Batur ( Gunung Batur ) is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung on the island of Bali , Indonesia .
Bacharach ( pronunciation , also known as Bacharach am Rhein ) is a town in the Mainz - Bingen district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Iberg Dripstone Cave ( German : Iberger Tropfsteinhöhle ) is a public cave and geology museum in southern Lower Saxony near Bad Grund , Germany .
Lythrodontas ( Greek : Λυθροδόντας ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Gumelemi Cay is a tiny island directly north of the Baker 's Bay tip of Great Guana Cay in The Bahamas .
The River Swilly ( Irish : An tSúileach ) is a river in Ireland , which flows in an eastern direction through Letterkenny , County Donegal .
Al - Awjam ( also written Al Awjām , Al Ājām , or Ajam al Qatif ) is a small city located in the Eastern Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the Persian Gulf .
Hreljin Castle ( Gradina Hreljin ) is a castle in Hreljin , Croatia .
Eoryong Station ( Hangul : 어룡역 ; hanja : 魚龍驛 ) is a station of the U Line in Yonghyeon - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Beatrice Islet Conservation Park is a protected area occupying the Beatrice Islets and adjoining intertidal areas in Nepean Bay on Kangaroo Island , South Australia .
Montefiascone Cathedral or the Basilica of Santa Margherita ( Italian : Cattedrale di Santa Margherita ) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Montefiascone in the province of Viterbo , Italy , dedicated to Saint Margaret of Antioch , the patron saint of the town .
Bolga is a populated island , just off of the Helgeland coast , in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county , Norway .
Gotikhel is a village development committee in Lalitpur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Bandar Baru Klang is a modern township located just 2 km away from the Klang town centre in the state of Selangor , Malaysia .
The Canadian Airborne Forces Association ( CAFA ) is the umbrella organization for all military airborne associations within Canada .
Volgodonsk ( Russian : Волгодонск ; IPA : ( vəlgɐˈdonsk ) ) is a city in Rostov Oblast , Russia , located in the east of the oblast on the west bank of the Tsimlyansk Reservoir .
During the hot summer of 1983 , Liphook made the news as the hottest spot ( 33.7C ) in the United Kingdom on three days in July .
Bukit Gombak Single Member Constituency ( Traditional Chinese : 武吉甘柏單選區;Simplified Chinese : 武吉甘柏单选区 ) is a defunct Single Member Constituency in the western area in Singapore .
The Gurktal Alps ( German : Gurktaler Alpen , Slovene : Krške Alpe ) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria , named after the valley of the Gurk River .
Gharbia Governorate ( Egyptian Arabic : محافظة الغربية el - Gharbeyya IPA : ( elɣɑɾˈbejjɑ , -jæ ) , English : Western Governorate ) is one of the governorates of Egypt .
Qilab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قيلاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Île d'Oléron ( pronounced : ( il doleʁɔ̃ ) ) is an island off the Atlantic coast of France ( due west of Rochefort ) , on the southern side of the Pertuis d'Antioche strait .
Hunterville is a small community on State Highway 1 , in the Rangitikei district of the North Island of New Zealand .
Mykonos Island National Airport ( IATA : JMK , ICAO : LGMK ) is an airport in Mykonos , Greece , located 4 kilometers from the town of Mykonos .
Evretou ( Greek : Ευρέτου ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 6 km southwest of Lysos .
Chinchun ( Quechua chinchu a plant of the Tagetes family , -n a suffix , also spelled Chinchón ) is a mountain in the western part of the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Ramatlabama ( or Ramatlhabama ) is a village and railway station 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Mafikeng , in the North West province of South Africa .
Fort Providence Airport ( ICAO : CYJP ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) east of Fort Providence , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Roma Street Parkland covers 16 hectares in the centre of Brisbane , Australia .
Vrhpolje pri Šentvidu ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ pɾi ʃɛnˈtʋiːdu ) ; German : Oberfeld ) is a settlement east of Ivančna Gorica in the Lower Carniola region of Slovenia .
St Gabriel 's , Cricklewood , is an Anglican church in Cricklewood , Brent , London , United Kingdom .
Bsharri District is one of the 7 districts ( qadaa , قضاء ) of the North Governorate , Lebanon .
Jammu Airport ( also known as Satwari Airport ( IATA : IXJ , ICAO : VIJU ) ) is a civil airport in Jammu , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Siófok is a city in Hungary on the southern bank of Lake Balaton in Somogy County .
Dharyala Jalap is a village and union council , near the Jhelum River , of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
The Petén - Veracruz moist forests ecoregion , of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forest Biome , is found in Belize , Guatemala , and Mexico .
The Ngalamu River is a river of northern Mozambique and Malawi , located to the west of Lake Amaramba .
Sieradowice Pierwsze ( ɕɛradɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Party of Democrats ( Italian : Partito dei Democratici , PD ) was a social - democratic and democratic socialist political party in San Marino .
SAL - Sociedade de Aviação Ligeira was an air taxi operator based in Luanda , Angola .
Kalibo Poblacion is a barangay of Kalibo , Aklan , Philippines which is considered as the poblacion or administrative center of the town and the most important barangay of Aklan .
Point Pelee National Park ( /ˈpiːliː/ ; French Parc national de la Pointe - Pelée ) is a national park located in Essex County in southwestern Ontario , Canada where it extends into Lake Erie .
The Harry Gibbons Migratory Bird Sanctuary is a migratory bird sanctuary in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Mount Livadiyskaya ( Russian : гора́ Ливади́йская or со́пка Ливади́йская ) , unofficially known as Mount Pedan ( Педа́н ) or Mount Pidan ( Пида́н ) is one of the highest peaks in Shkotovsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia .
Balingsta Church ( Swedish : Balingsta kyrka ) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Asiab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آسياب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sad Talvar ( Persian : سد تلوار‎ , also Romanized as Sad Talvār ) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gimsøya is an island in Vågan municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
Alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Whistler Creekside in Whistler , British Columbia , Canada .
Ploemel ( Pleñver in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Headquartered in Landskrona , Sweden , Besam has 1500 employees at 26 subsidiaries around the globe and representation in another 55 countries .
Legacy Skatepark is a public skatepark located in Ottawa , Canada .
The Pontifical Oriental Institute ( Latin : Pontificium Institutum Orientalium Studiorum , Italian : Pontificio Instituto Orientale ) or `` Orientale '' is the premier center for the study of Eastern Christianity in Rome , Italy .
Bijand ( Persian : بيجند‎ , also Romanized as Bījand ; also known as Bejand ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Missale Aboense was the first book printed for Finland .
Tampere Ice Stadium ( Finnish : Tampereen jäähalli , often called Hakametsä ) is a sports arena in Tampere , Finland .
Mermaids Cave is an undercut sandstone cave located in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales , Australia .
Laziše ( pronounced ( laˈziːʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Río Inabón is a river in the municipality of Ponce , Puerto Rico .
Polwathumodara railway station is a railway station on the coastal railway line of Sri Lanka .
The East Slovak Museum ( Slovak : Východoslovenské múzeum ) in Košice , Slovakia , is one of the oldest Slovak museums ; it was founded in 1872 .
Piccadilly Slant - Abraham 's Cove is a designated place in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Kuteževo ( pronounced ( ˈkuːtɛʒɛʋɔ ) ; Italian : Cottesevo ) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ballet Theatre of Queensland , founded in 1937 by Phyllis Danaher MBE FRAD , is the oldest continuous dance company in Australia .
Dorposz Szlachecki ( ˈdɔrpɔʂ ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ) ( German : Hönsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Rhinoceros Party ( French : Parti Rhinocéros ) is a Canadian federal - level satirical political party , referred to in English Canada as the Second Rhinoceros Party .
Mimaland was a famous recreation theme park in Gombak , Selangor , Malaysia .
Yujiapu Railway Station ( Chinese : 于家堡 ; pinyin : yú jiā bǎo ) is an underground railway station of Beijing - Tianjin Intercity Railway located in Binhai , Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
Dunajki ( duˈnai̯ki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lohovo ( Cyrillic : Лохово ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Geelong Maritime Museum is a volunteer - run Community group or not - for - profit historical museum located at ' The Stables ' , Osborne House , Swinburn Street , North Geelong Victoria , Australia since 1993 .
The Fakr ad - Din Mosque ( Arabic : مسجد فخر الدين زنكي‎ ) , also known as Masjid Fakhr al - Din , is the oldest mosque in Mogadishu , Somalia .
The School of Facility Management Groningen belongs to the Hanze University Groningen in Groningen , Netherlands and offers a BBA degree programme in International Facility Management .
Bukovački Salaši ( Serbian Cyrillic : Буковачки Салаши ) , also known as Bukovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Буковац ) , is a suburb of Sombor , a city in Serbia .
Kratonohy is a small village of about 250 people in the Czech Republic , in the Hradec Králové Region , lying on a state road from Prague to Hradec Králové .
The Vienna Opera Ball ( German : Wiener Opernball ) is an annual Austrian society event which takes place in the building of the Vienna State Opera in Vienna , Austria on the Thursday preceding Ash Wednesday ( a religious holiday ) .
Rawla Mandi ( in Hindi and Rajasthani:- रावला मंडी , in Punjabi:- ਰਾਵਲਾ ਮਂਡੀ , in Sindhi:- راولا منڊي ) is a small town in Sri Ganganagar district of Rajasthan , India .
Qasemabad - e Shurabad ( Persian : قاسم ابادشوراباد‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Shūrābād ; also known as Qāsemābād ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Église Unie St - Marc ( St. Mark United Church ) is a small but historic church in Ottawa , Canada .
The Sangachal Terminal is an industrial complex consisting of a natural gas processing plant and oil production plant , located on the coast of the Caspian Sea 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) south of Baku , Azerbaijan .
Bhagalpur division is an administrative geographical unit of Bihar state of India , with Bhagalpur as the administrative headquarters of the division .
Brit Olam ( Hebrew : ברית עולם‎ , lit . World Alliance or Eternal Covenant ) is a political party in Israel .
The Veternica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ветерница , pronounced ( ʋɛ̌tɛːrnitsa ) ) is a river in southern Serbia , a 75 km long left tributary to the Južna Morava , which gives the name to the region surrounding its valley .
German submarine U-2344 was a Type XXIII U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
The Torbido is a river in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Rabindra Parishad is a multi - purpose cultural centre on Beer Chand Patel Path in Patna , India .
Bia National Park is a national park in the Western Region of Ghana .
Dolnje Prapreče ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ ) ; in older sources also Dolenje Prapreče , German : Unterprapretsche ) is a small settlement west of Šentlovrenc in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Armyansk ( Ukrainian : Армянськ , Russian : Армянск , Armenian : Արմյանսկ , Crimean Tatar : Ermeni Bazar ) is a town of regional significance in northern Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine , but de facto under control and administration of Russia .
Boleszyce is a part of the Szczecin City , Poland , situated on the right bank of Oder river , east of the Szczecin Old Town , and south of Szczecin - Dąbie .
Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon , Gyeonggi - do in South Korea .
Okszów - Kolonia ( ˈɔkʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hamdamlu ( Persian : همدملو‎ , also Romanized as Hamdamlū ) is a village in Keyvan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Salitje is a town in south Swaziland , by the border with South Africa , about 25 kilometres south of Hluthi .
The Tiouraren Formation is a geological formation in Niger whose strata were originally thought to be Early Cretaceous .
The Mutual Building ( Afrikaans : Mutual Gebou ) , in Cape Town , South Africa , was built as the headquarters of the South African Mutual Life Assurance Society , now the `` Old Mutual '' insurance and financial services company .
Nizhny Novgorod ( Russian : Ни́жний Но́вгород ; IPA : ( ˈnʲiʐnʲɪj ˈnovɡərət ) ) , colloquially shortened to Nizhny , is , with a population of 1,250,619 , the fifth largest city in Russia and the administrative center of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast .
Stora Gråmunkegränd ( Swedish : Great Greyfriar 's Alley ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Nordaustlandet ( sometimes translated as North East Land ) is the second - largest island in the archipelago of Svalbard , Norway , with an area of 14,443 square kilometres ( 5,576 sq mi ) .
El Caco is a stoner rock band from Lillestrøm in Norway .
Gavar Special School is a special needs school founded in 1976 in the Gegharkunik region of the Republic of Armenia .
Andenne is associated with the Rape of Belgium in 1914 , during which reportedly 211 townspeople were massacred .
Rzymsko ( ˈʐɨmskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Helsinki Railway Square ( Finnish : Rautatientori , Swedish : Järnvägstorget ) is an open square immediately to the east of the Helsinki Central railway station in central Helsinki in Finland .
Oinofyta ( Greek : Οινόφυτα ) is a village and former municipality in eastern Boeotia , Greece .
Isahakyan ( Armenian : Իսահակյան ) , known as Kharum until the 1820s , and later as Ghazarabad until 1945 , is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Seyyed Sara ( Persian : سيدسرا‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Sarā ; also known as Sa``īd Sarā ) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 522 , in 118 families .
Tulla Upper ( or Tullagh Upper ) is a barony in County Clare , Ireland .
Azad railway station ( Urdu : آزاد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
The Great Choral Synagogue of Kiev , also known as the Podil Synagogue or the Rozenberg Synagogue , is the oldest synagogue in Kiev , Ukraine .
Kuliyapitiya is the second largest town in Kurunegala District , North Western Province , Sri Lanka , governed by an Urban Council .
Babo Airport is an airport in Babo , West Papua , Indonesia .
Gifhorn ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɡɪfhɔʁn ) ) is a town and capital of the district of Gifhorn in the east of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Kondek - e Khanjar ( Persian : كندك خنجر‎ ; also known as Kondak - e Sarāydīn , Kondek - e Yek , Kondok - e Sarāyeddīn , Kondok Sarāyeddīn , and Kundak Sarāyeddīn ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Antamina Tailings Dam , also known as the Antamina Tailings Impoundment Facility , is a tailings dam located in the Huincush Ravine 55 km ( 34 mi ) east of Huaraz in the Ancash Region of Peru .
The historic Humboldt Post Office building is located at the corner of Main Street and 6th Avenue in Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Autorité de la concurrence ( English : Competition Authority ) is France 's national competition regulator .
Parvadeh ( Persian : پرواده‎ , also Romanized as Parvādeh and Porvādeh ; also known as Parvāreh and Pūrvādeh ) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District , Deyhuk District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Headquartered in Düren , Germany , with production sites located throughout Europe , Heimbach Group produces industrial textiles and filtration materials for various applications .
Based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , Raggedy Angry is a band that plays a mixture of synth and industrial rock music .
The Changi Air Base ( West ) , or Changi West Complex is a military airbase located in Changi to the eastern tip of Singapore , in reference to the existing facilities of Changi Air Base .
Al Mankhool ( Arabic : المنخول‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Ziabar ( Persian : ضيابر‎ , also Romanized as Ẕīābar , Zeyābar , Ẕīā '' Bar , and Zīyā '' Bar ; also known as Ziabera ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nanyang Basin is located in Henan Province of the People 's Republic of China , a small part of the basin is in Hubei Province , the southern neighbor of Henan .
El Araba El Madfuna ( Arabic : العربة المدفونة‎ al-ʿarabä al - madfūnä , meaning ' the Buried Cart ' , also known as Arabet Abydos ) is a town in Egypt .
Boumnyébel is a community in Cameroon about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) along the road from Yaoundé to Douala .
Lagny , Oise ( former : Laigny - les - Chataigniers ) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France .
The Federation of Canadian Naturists ( FCN ) is the official International Naturist Federation ( INF ) representative for English - speaking Canada .
Mokhotlong is a city and seat of Mokhotlong District in the mountainous northeastern part of Lesotho .
Krymskoye Urban Settlement ( Russian : Кры́мское городско́е поселе́ние ) is a municipal formation ( an urban settlement ) in Krymsky Municipal District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
The Agricultural University of Berlin ( German : Landwirtschaftliche Hochschule Berlin ) was an agricultural university in Berlin , Germany .
Großenhain ( also written as Grossenhain ) is a Große Kreisstadt ( German for major district town ) in the district of Meißen , Saxony , Germany .
Old Ahmedabad , the walled city of Ahmedabad in India , was founded by Ahmed Shah I of Gujarat Sultanate in 1411 .
The Smederevo Fortress ( Serbian : Cмeдepeвcκa твpђaвa , Smederevska tvrđava ) is a medieval fortified city in Smederevo , Serbia , which was temporary capital of Serbia in the Middle Ages .
The Vlachochoria ( Gr . Βλαχοχώρια , from Vlach and chorio ( village ) ) is a general toponym in Greece for villages inhabited by Vlach - speakers .
Sayow - ye Bozorg ( Persian : سائوبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Sāyow - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Mount Ayanganna is a sandstone tepui in the Pakaraima Mountains of western Guyana , 85 kilometres east of Mount Roraima at 5 ° 23′N 59 ° 59′W. With a height of 2,041 metres ( 6,696 feet ) it is the easternmost tepui taller than 2,000 metres .
Saint - Aignan - sur - Roë is a commune in the Mayenne department in north - western France .
Nông Thượng is a commune ( xã ) and village in Bắc Kạn , Bắc Kạn Province , in Vietnam .
Isle of Bombay was one of Seven islands of Bombay , an archipelago of islands that were , in the eighteenth century , connected to form the area of the modern city of Mumbai ( formerly Bombay ) in India .
Juuru ( German : Jörden ) is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Rapla County , Estonia .
Bolshoy Semyachik ( Russian : Большой Семячик ) is a volcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Ice FM was a local radio station in Cromwell , New Zealand which commenced operation in July 1996 .
Boguchar ( Russian : Богуча́р ) is a town and the administrative center of Bogucharsky District in Voronezh Oblast , Russia , located on the Boguchar River ( a tributary of the Don ) , 243 kilometers ( 151 mi ) south of Voronezh , the administrative center of the oblast .
Marienkamp Abbey ( Dutch : Klooster Mariënkamp ; Latin : Maria in Campis ) was a Cistercian nunnery in the present province of Drenthe in the Netherlands .
Baeza ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ba.ˈe.θa ) ) , formerly also written as Baéza , is an Andalusian town in the province of Jaén in southern Spain .
Agios Andreas Hospital ( Greek : Γενικό Νοσοκομείο Πατρών `` Ο Άγιος Ανδρέας '' ) is a hospital in Patras , Achaea , Greece .
St Lamberti Church ( in German : St Lamberti - Kirche ) is the main Evangelical Lutheran church in the centre of the city of Oldenburg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Narvik Church ( Norwegian : Narvik kirke ) is the main parish church in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Belgorod International Airport ( Russian : Международный Аэропорт Белгород ) ( IATA : EGO , ICAO : UUOB ) is an airport in Russia located 4 km north of Belgorod .
Tzur Moshe ( Hebrew : צוּר מֹשֶׁה , lit . Rock of Moshe ) is a moshav in central Israel , in the Central district .
Ciobanovca ( German : Hirtenheim , Russian : Чебановка Chebanovka ) is a commune in the Anenii Noi district of the Republic of Moldova .
Kiudang is a mukim in the Tutong District of Brunei .
Syndikalistiska Arbetarefederationen ( ' Syndicalist Workers Federation ' , SAF ) was a syndicalist trade union centre in Sweden 1928 - 1938 .
The city of Siah Rud ( Persian : سيه رود‎ ; also Romanized as Sīah Rūd , Seyah Rūd , and Sīyah Rūd ; also known as Verkhnyaya Siara ) is the capital of Siah Rud District , in Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Unjusa or Unju Temple is a Korean Buddhist temple located in Hwasun County , South Jeolla province , South Korea .
Prolivy ( Russian : Проливы ) is a rural locality ( a railway station ) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 19 meters ( 62 ft ) above sea level .
Kabud Mehr ( Persian : كبودمهر‎ , also Romanized as Kabūd Mehr ; also known as Kūrāmār ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The University of West London is a public university in the United Kingdom which has campuses in Ealing and Brentford in London , as well as in Reading and Slough in Berkshire .
Skrabské ( Hungarian : Tapolymogyorós ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Sidon District ( Arabic : قضاء صيدا‎ ) is a district within the South Governorate of Lebanon .
Bodzewo ( bɔˈd͡zɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Aşağı Şurtan ( also , Ashagy Shurtan ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Swinford , historically called Swineford ( Irish : Béal Átha na Muice , meaning `` ford - mouth of the swine '' ) , is a town in County Mayo , Ireland .
Some organizations say that Iguatemi São Paulo is the first shopping mall to be opened in Brazil , but other ones say that the Shopping do Méier in Rio de Janeiro is older .
Khorintsy ( Russian : Хоринцы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of three settlements , in addition to Balagannakh and Mekimdya , in Khorinsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Tira K'ark'a ( Aymara tira cradle , k'ark'a crevice , fissure , crack , also spelled Tirakarka ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 4,974 metres ( 16,319 ft ) high .
Qeqertarsuatsiaat , formerly Fiskernæs or Fiskenæsset , is a settlement in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland , located on an island off the shores of Labrador Sea .
The Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu National College is the most important high school in Buzău , Romania .
Sougia ( Greek Σούγια ) is a community and a small village in Chania regional unit on the island of Crete , Greece .
The Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary ( French : Parc national des oiseaux du Djoudj ) lies on the southeast bank of the Senegal River in Senegal , in northern Biffeche , north east of St - Louis .
Poturzyn ( pɔˈtuʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Curú Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , tropical dry forests on the southern Nicoya Peninsula , near Tambor .
Aïn Sebt is a town and commune in Sétif Province in north - eastern Algeria .
In the following years , the Schaubühne directed by Stein and his dramaturgical assistant Botho Strauß became one of the leading theatre stages in Germany .
Fuente Álamo de Murcia is a town and municipality in the Region of Murcia , southern Spain .
Kotido Airport ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : HUKO ) is a small civilian airport that serves the town of Kotido in Uganda .
The Federal Heritage Buildings Review Office ( FHBRO ) was established in 1982 after the Government of Canada adopted an internal policy on managing heritage buildings .
The German People 's Union ( German : Deutsche Volksunion , DVU , also Liste D ) was a nationalist political party in Germany .
The Ord Irrigation Area Important Bird Area is an area of land used for irrigated agriculture along the Ord River in the vicinity of the town of Kununurra in the Kimberley region of north - western Australia .
Mansur Kandi ( Persian : منصوركندي‎ , also Romanized as Manşūr Kandī ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Franklin Harbor Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Franklin Harbor on the east coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) south of Cowell .
Perth Oval ( also known as nib Stadium under a naming rights agreement ) is a sports stadium in Perth , the capital of the Australian state of Western Australia .
Ixtapa - Zihuatanejo International Airport ( IATA : ZIH , ICAO : MMZH ) is an international airport in the state of Guerrero on Mexico 's Pacific Ocean coast .
Harry 's Cafe de Wheels is an iconic pie cart located in Woolloomooloo , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia on Cowper Wharf Road , near the Finger Wharf and Fleet Base East of Garden Island Navy Base , opposite the Woolloomooloo Bay Hotel .
My Brahim is a town in Al Haouz Province , Marrakesh - Safi , Morocco .
Åkeshov Castle is a castle in Bromma , a borough of Stockholm , Sweden .
Auboranges ( Arpitan : Ouborindze ) is a municipality in the district of Glâne in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Bergen op Zoom ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɛrɣə(n ) ɔp ˈsoːm ) ; called Berrege ( ˈbɛrəɣə ) in the local dialect ) is a municipality and a city located in the south of the Netherlands .
Parszkowo ( parʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ardoileán or Ard Oileán , known in English as High Island ( a translation of the Irish name ) , is a small island off the northwest coast of Connemara in County Galway , Ireland .
Although short - lived , the Eaton Internment Camp was one of twenty - four official internment facilities created in Canada to accommodate prisoners of war during the period 1914 - 20 .
Bagira is a commune in Bukavu , South Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Obryta ( ɔˈbrɨta ) ( German : Groß Schönfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Santa Lucia Cloud Forest ( Spanish : Bosque Nublado Santa Lucía ) is a cloud forest reserve , located about 80 km northwest of Quito , in the province of Pichincha , in Ecuador .
Imovica ( pronounced ( ˈiːmɔʋitsa ) ) is a small settlement southwest of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Gornji Banjevac ( Cyrillic : Горњи Бањевац ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Mar del Plata International Film Festival ( Spanish : Festival Internacional de Cine de Mar del Plata ) is an international film festival that takes place every November in the city of Mar del Plata , Argentina .
Walcourt ( French pronunciation : ​(walkuʁ ) ) is a Walloon municipality and town located in Belgium in the province of Namur .
Vallensbæk station is a railway station on the Køge radial of the S - train network in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Khalifan District ( Persian : بخش خلیفان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dehqonariq ( Persian : دهقان‌اریق‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Padshahi Balasiah - e Loop ( Persian : پدشاهی بالاسیاه لوپ ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Qarah Bolagh ( Persian : مزرعه قره بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qarah Bolāgh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Skomielna Biała ( skɔˈmjɛlna ˈbjawa ) is a large ( ~ 2750 inhabitants ) village situated in southern Poland ( Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Myślenice County , Lubień rural commune ) .
Skare or Skarde is a village in Odda municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Parsah Su ( Persian : پرسه سو‎ , also Romanized as Parsah Sū ; also known as Shāhābād - e Parsah Sū , Porsesu , and Por Sūsū ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Aidt is a town and parish in the middle of Jutland , Denmark .
Naparima College ( informally known as Naps ) is a public secondary school for teenaged boys in Trinidad and Tobago .
Angammedilla National Park is one of the new national parks in Sri Lanka .
Lapmežciems Parish ( Latvian : Lapmežciema novads ) is an administrative unit of the Engure Municipality , Latvia .
Pelar Dam is a proposed dam located across Nai River in Awaran District of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Eikefjord is a former municipality in the Sunnfjord district in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Toul - Rosières Solar Park is a 115 megawatt ( MW ) solar farm located at the Toul - Rosières Air Base , in France .
Otepää ( formerly Nuustaku ) is a town in Valga County , southern Estonia , it is the administrative centre of Otepää Parish .
Morozovsk ( Russian : Моро́зовск ) is a town and the administrative center of Morozovsky District in Rostov Oblast , Russia , located on the Bystraya River ( left tributary of the Seversky Donets ) , 265 kilometers ( 165 mi ) northeast of Rostov - on - Don , the administrative center of the oblast .
A 2014 study on Transnational Tobacco Companies ( TTCs ) penetration of the Bulgarian market after the fall of communism and during that nations accession into the EU concluded that Bulgartabac was involved with smuggling its own cigarettes out of , and back into , Bulgaria to avoid taxation .
Nasrabad - e Rutak ( Persian : ناصرابادروتك‎ , also Romanized as Nāşrābād - e Rūtak ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Żejtun ( Maltese : Iż - Żejtun ( ɪzˈzɛjtʊn ) ) is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta , with a population of 11,508 in March 2014 .
Deutschlandhalle was an arena located in the Westend neighbourhood of Berlin , Germany .
Torngarsoak Mountain is a mountain located 10 km ( 6 mi ) east of Tallek Lake , Labrador , Canada .
Lake Lupche ( Russian : Озеро Лупче ) is a small lake on the Kola Peninsula , Murmansk Oblast , Russia near Kandalaksha .
Limnitis ( Greek : Λιμνίτης ; Turkish : Yeşilırmak ) is a coastal village in the Tilliria region of north - western Cyprus .
Mälarhöjden is a suburb in south - west Stockholm , Sweden .
Scottish Westminster constituencies were Scottish constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain , normally at the Palace of Westminster , from 1708 to 1801 , and have been constituencies of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , also at Westminster , since 1801 .
Al - Sabe ' Biyar ( Arabic : السبع بيار‎ , also spelled Saba'a Biar ) is a locality in central Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located northeast of Damascus .
Werfenweng is a municipality in the St. Johann i m Pongau district in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
Bedër University ( BU ) is a private non - profit university in Tirana , Albania .
Klukowa Huta ( kluˈkɔva ˈxuta ) ( Kashubian Klëkòwô Hëta , German : Klukowahutta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Waiapu River is a river in the Gisborne District of the North Island of New Zealand , with a total length of approximately 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) .
Phong Nha Cave is a cave in Phong Nha - Kẻ Bàng National Park , a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Quảng Bình Province , Vietnam .
The Nelson Police Department is the police force for the City of Nelson , British Columbia , Canada .
Pur Janki ( Persian : پورجنكي‎ , also Romanized as Pūr Jankī ; also known as Pūr Changī and Pūr Jangī ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Ying River ( simplified Chinese : 颖河 ; traditional Chinese : 潁河 ; pinyin : Yĭng Hé ) is the largest tributary of the Huai River with its origin in Henan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Ahaymer ( Persian : احيمر‎ , also Romanized as Aḩaymer ; also known as Ḩamer ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Kazinczy Street Synagogue of Miskolc is the only surviving synagogue in the city of Miskolc , Hungary , and the only still functioning synagogue of Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county .
Banja Luka City Stadium ( Serbian Cyrillic : Градски стадион Бања Лука ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hrašné ( Hungarian : Rásnyahegy ) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Kalonda ( Hungarian : Kalonda ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Sheraton Imperial Kuala Lumpur is a five star hotel located on Jalan Sultan Ismail in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Hurulu Forest Reserve of Sri Lanka was designated as a biosphere reserve in January 1977 .
Mowtowr - e Pir Mohammad Borhan Zehi ( Persian : موتورپيرمحمدبرهان زهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Pīr Moḩammad Borhān Zehī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Montagne des Érables , also known as Mont des Érables ( translation : Maple Mountain ) , is a massif located in the Charlevoix - Est regional county municipality in the Charlevoix region of Quebec , Canada .
La Escondida Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto La Escondida , ICAO : SCLE ) is a public use airport located 82 kilometres ( 51 mi ) north of Antofagasta , Antofagasta , Chile .
Brygidki is the building of a former Bridgettine nunnery in Lviv , Ukraine .
The Fontaine du Roi René is a listed fountain in Aix - en - Provence , Bouches - du - Rhône , France .
Wydrne ( pronounced ( ˈvɨdrnɛ ) ) ( Ukrainian : Видрне , Vydrne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Cimanie ( t͡ɕiˈmaɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Volgograd State University ( VolSU , Russian : Волгоградский государственный университет ) is one of the leading institutions of higher education in Volgograd , Russia .
Gərməşeyli ( also , Görməşeyli ) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Petrohué Waterfalls ( pronounced petro - WEH ; Spanish : Saltos del Petrohué ) is a chute - type waterfall in the upper reach of Petrohué River in Chile , a short distance downstream of the source of this river in Todos los Santos Lake .
Żurawiniec - Kolonia ( ʐuraˈviɲet͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Children 's Memorial Health Institute ( Polish : Instytut `` Pomnik - Centrum Zdrowia Dziecka '' , literally `` Children 's Health Memorial Centre Institute '' ; CMHI or CZD ) is the largest and best - equipped institute of paediatric healthcare in Poland .
Halleberg is a table mountain by lake Vänern in Vänersborg Municipality , Västergötland , Sweden .
İsmailağatolu , Aksaray is a village in the District of Aksaray , Aksaray Province , Turkey .
Chaftab - e Barmeyun ( Persian : چفتاب برميون‎ , also Romanized as Chaftāb - e Barmeyūn ; also known as Chaftāb ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Do Saran ( Persian : دوسران‎ , also Romanized as Do Sarān , Dowsarān , and Dusaran ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tawi - Tawi ( Chavacano : Provincia de Tawi - Tawi ; Tagalog : Lalawigan ng Tawi - Tawi ) is an island province in the Philippines located in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao ( ARMM ) .
Naut Aran ( Occitan pronunciation : ( ˈnawt aˈɾan ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Aran in Catalonia , Spain .
Chaf - e Pain ( Persian : چاف پائين‎ , also Romanized as Chāf - e Pā’īn ; also known as Chāf and Pā’īn Chāf ) was a village in Chaf Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dehesht - e Olya ( Persian : دهشت عليا‎ , also Romanized as Dehesht - e `` Olyā ; also known as Dehesht ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 358 , in 84 families .
Goulven ( Breton : Goulc'hen ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Dreschvitz is a municipality in southwest Vorpommern - Rügen , a district on the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Trollhättan Municipality ( Trollhättans kommun or Trollhättans stad ) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden .
Diogo Island is an uninhabited volcanic island in the province of Batanes , the northernmost province in the Philippines .
Waimauku is a small locality in the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
Gołębin - Wieś ( ɡɔˈwɛmbin ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Butte - aux - Cailles ( a name that could be translated into `` quail hill '' , although it originates from its former landowner Pierre Caille , who bought a vineyard here in 1543 ) is a hilltop neighbourhood of Paris , France located in Paris ' south - eastern 13th arrondissement .
Qalandar Mahalleh ( Persian : قلندرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Qalandar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Khar Turan National Park or Touran Wildlife Refuge is a National Park in Iran .
In Ghar ( Arabic : عين غار , lit . Cave spring ) is a town and commune , coextensive with the district of In Ghar , in Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Sembikulam is a small village in Tirunelveli district , Tamil Nadu state in southern India .
The Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration ( PFRA ) was a branch under Agriculture and Agri - Food Canada , a department of the Federal Government of Canada .
The North Galaxy Towers are twin 28-storey skyscrapers on King Albert II Street in the Northern Quarter central business district of Brussels , Belgium .
Matetsi is a village in Matabeleland North , Zimbabwe and is located about 55 km west of Hwange .
Conseil Electoral Provisoire ( French pronunciation : ​(kɔ̃sɛj əlɛktɔʁal pʁɔvizwaʁ ) , Provisional Electoral Council , Haitian Creole : Konsey Elektoral Pwovizwa ) is an agency that oversees elections in Haiti .
The former Toodyay Court House in Toodyay , Western Australia has been used as municipal offices for Toodyay since the 1950s .
Khalfaraddin ( also , Khalfaradinlu ) is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sultonobod ( Persian : سلطان‌آباد‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Ballelle is a village in the Cabaret municipality of the Arcahaie , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
The Jihad Museum is located in the western provincial capital of Herat in Afghanistan .
Akosombo is a small town in the south of Ghana , Eastern Region in the Asuogyaman District , a district in the east of Eastern Region of Ghana .
Smolensk Nuclear Power Plant ( Russian : Смоленская АЭС ( pronunciation ) ) is a nuclear power station in Russia .
Calodyne is a neighbourhood located in the Rivière du Rempart District , northern Mauritius .
Al - Haqel ( Arabic : الحقل‎ , also known as Bujaq ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate , located northeast of Aleppo and south of district center Ayn al - Arab .
The Temple of the Sibyl ( in Polish , Świątynia Sybilli ) is a colonnaded round monopteral temple - like structure at Puławy , Poland , built at the turn of the 19th century as a museum by Izabela Czartoryska .
Cirdək ( also , Dzhirdek ) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Balsas River ( Spanish Río Balsas , also locally known as the Mezcala River , or Atoyac River ) is a major river of south - central Mexico .
Jalan Dato ' Abu Bakar is a major road in Petaling Jaya city , Selangor , Malaysia .
Kids Can Rock and Roll is a children 's television program that aired from 1993 - 1996 on Canada 's Global Television Network .
Qaraçuq ( also , Karachik , Karachug , Karachuk , and Karachukh ) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Sadeqabad - e Lachari ( Persian : صادق ابادلاچري‎ , also Romanized as Şādeqābād - e Lācharī and Şadeqābād - e Lāchrī ; also known as Lācharī , Lācharī , Şadeqābād , and Şadeqābād ) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Naizin ( Breton : Neizin ) is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Chauha is a town in Lamki Chuha Municipality in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal .
Weldaad is a community in the Mahaica - Berbice Region of Guyana on the Atlantic Ocean coast , located at 6 ° 29′15``N 57 ° 41′0''W. It contains the areas ' post office and a police station .
François Rabelais University ( French : Université François - Rabelais ) or University of Tours ( Université de Tours ) , is a public university in Tours , France .
Soubré is a city in southwestern Ivory Coast .
Dejë Mountain ( Albanian : Mali i Dejës ) is a mountain in northern Albania .
Drużyn ( ˈdruʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Zajasovnik ( pronounced ( zaˈjaːsɔu̯nik ) ) is a dispersed settlement that is divided between the municipalities of Kamnik and Vransko in Slovenia .
Skrzaty ( ˈskʂatɨ ) ( German : Schradtheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Madawaska - la - Vallée was a provincial electoral district which elected one member to the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) of New Brunswick , Canada .
Voisey 's Bay Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CVB2 ) , is located adjacent to Voisey 's Bay Mine , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Grote rivieren , literally translated Great ( or Large ) rivers , is a landform in the Netherlands .
Mowtowr - e Musa Naruyi ( Persian : موتورموسي نارويي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mūsá Nārūyī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Muqaba ( Arabic : مقابة. Mgaba ) is a village in Bahrain .
Krasno - Oskol Reservoir ( Ukrainian : Червоноскільське водосховище ; Russian : Краснооскольское водохранилище , sometimes translated as Chervonooskil - , Krasnooskol'skoye - or Krasno - Oskol'skoe - ) is an artificial lake on Oskol River in Kharkiv Oblast , Ukraine .
The Minister of State for Europe is an informal name for a position in the Government of the United Kingdom , in charge of affairs with the European Union .
Sarıaydın ( also known as Sarıaydınlı ) is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province , Turkey .
Khongor - Biye ( Russian : Хонгор-Бие ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Salbansky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 72 kilometers ( 45 mi ) from Namtsy , the administrative center of the district .
Ennadai is a former populated place in Kivalliq Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Lilla Edet is a locality and the seat of Lilla Edet Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Weka Pass is a gorge located in the northern Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island between the towns of Waipara and Waikari .
A yearly sporting high point is the Quattroball - Turnier staged by SC Memmelsdorf 1997 e. V. To this meet come up to 400 players in about 100 teams from all over Germany to play the champions in the four different disciplines , volleyball , basketball , handball and soccer fussball .
Cortona Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Cortona , Concattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cortona , Tuscany , central Italy , dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Lipar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Липар ) is a village in the Kula municipality , in the West Bačka District , Vojvodina province , Serbia .
Gwynedd Council ( Welsh : Cyngor Gwynedd ) is the governing body for the principal area of Gwynedd , one of the subdivisions of Wales within the United Kingdom .
The Linz Open , currently sponsored by Generali Gruppe , is a tennis tournament held in Linz , Austria .
Æðuvík ( from Æða meaning `` duck '' and vík meaning `` bay '' ) is a community , located on the southernmost tip of Eysturoy island of the Faroe Islands .
Serra do Marão located in the border between Trás - os - Montes and Douro Litoral regions , is the sixth highest mountain in Continental Portugal , rising up to 1415 meters
St. Gregorios Orthodox Cathedral , Bangalore is a Syrian Orthodox Christian Cathedral located near Johnson market in Richmond town in Bangalore city , India .
Nauendorf is a village and a former municipality in the Saalekreis district , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Mantiqueira Mountains ( Portuguese : Serra da Mantiqueira ) are a mountain range in Southeastern Brazil , with parts in the states of São Paulo , Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro .
Tuulos ( Swedish : Tulois ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Smrje ( pronounced ( ˈsməɾjɛ ) ; Italian : Smeria ) is a village south of Prem in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ruzhintsi ( Bulgarian : Ружинци , pronounced ( ruʒint͡si ) ; also transliterated Ružinci , Ruzhinci , Ruzhintzi , Rujinci , Rujintsi , Rujintzi , etc . ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Vidin Province .
Mannar Island ( Tamil : மன்னார் தீவு ; Sinhalese : මන්නාරම් දූපත ) formerly called Manar Island , is part of Mannar District , Sri Lanka .
Frontenac Secondary School is a high school in the west - end of Kingston , Ontario , Canada , operated by the Limestone District School Board .
Bonaventure Airport ( IATA : YVB , ICAO : CYVB ) is located 1.6 nautical miles ( 3.0 km ; 1.8 mi ) northeast of Bonaventure , Quebec , Canada .
The Hokonui Hills , also known as The Hokonui Mountains or simply The Hokonui , are a range of hills in northern Southland , New Zealand .
Taining County ( simplified Chinese : 泰宁县 ; traditional Chinese : 泰寧縣 ; pinyin : Tàiníng Xiàn ) is a county in Sanming City , Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Pirongia Forest Park is a protected area 30 km southwest of Hamilton , New Zealand .
Makhshar ( Persian : مخشر‎ , also Romanized as Mokhshar ; also known as Maḩchar ) is a village in Dasht - e Veyl Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gmina Rajcza is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , on the Slovak border .
Korczmin ( ˈkɔrt͡ʂmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Aitutaki Airport is an airport on Aitutaki in the Cook Islands ( IATA : AIT , ICAO : NCAI ) .
Yeoksam - dong is a ward of Gangnam - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
The Château de Bourdeilles is a castle located in the commune of Bourdeilles in the Dordogne département in southwestern France .
Dowkana ( Persian : دوكانا‎ , also Romanized as Dowkānā ; also known as Dokāneh ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sop Moei ( Thai : สบเมย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Sop Moei District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Hajiabad , Nosratabad ( Persian : حاجی‌آباد ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District ( Sistan and Baluchestan Province ) , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
At the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Rothbury had a population of 1,740 , increasing to 2,107 at the 2011 Census .
Bilimora is a city situated on the banks of the river Ambika , in Gandevi taluka and Navsari district of Gujarat state in India .
The Glyptothek is a museum in Munich , Germany , which was commissioned by the Bavarian King Ludwig I to house his collection of Greek and Roman sculptures ( hence γλυπτο- glypto- `` sculpture '' , from the Greek verb γλύφειν glyphein `` to carve '' ) .
The Fundy Islands , also known as the Fundy Isles , is a term given to a group of Canadian islands in the Bay of Fundy along the southwestern coast of New Brunswick , Canada , in the provincial county of Charlotte .
Wee Waa ( pronounced `` Wee War '' , /ˈwɪ wɒ/ ) is a town located on the north - western slopes of the New England region in New South Wales , Australia .
Palma Soriano is a Cuban city and municipality in the Santiago de Cuba Province .
Sohrablu ( Persian : سهرابلو‎ , also Romanized as Sohrāblū ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kot Ismail is a small village , situated in the area of Chiniot District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Gräshagen Church ( Swedish : Gräshagskyrkan ) is a church building at Gräshagen in Jönköping , Sweden .
Colegio Niño Jesús de Praga ( English : School of the Baby Jesus of Prague ) , officially known as the Escuela Particular N ° 11 Niño Jesús de Praga is a Chilean primary and secondary school located in Rancagua , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Mazraeh - ye Mahbati ( Persian : مزرعه محبتي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Maḩbatī ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 50 , in 11 families .
Wiluyuq Qucha ( Quechua wilu dry maize reed , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , wiluyuq the one with dry maize reed , qucha lake , hispanicized spelling Veluyoc Cocha ) is a lake in the Andes of Peru .
Bedok Stadium is a football stadium located in the Bedok area of Singapore .
Boljak ( Persian : بلجك‎ ; also known as Bowljak ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
With 1.4 million registered voters , Athens B elected 44 Members of Parliament ( MPs ) ( as of September 2015 ) by reinforced proportional representation and is the largest constituency in Greece .
Paseo de los Lagos is a lake and public path located in the city of Xalapa in Veracruz state in eastern Mexico .
Noyabrsk ( Russian : Ноя́брьск ) is the largest city in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located in the middle of the West Siberian oil fields , on the Tyumen--
Gwangju Metro ( Hangul : 광주 도시철도 ; hanja : 光州都市鐵道 ) is the rapid transit system of Gwangju , South Korea , operated by the Gwangju Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation ( GRTC , or Gwangju Metro ) .
Fifeshire FM was a Nelson , New Zealand radio station owned by RadioWorks .
Banteay Kdei ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទបន្ទាយក្តី ; Prasat Banteay Kdei ) , meaning `` A Citadel of Chambers '' , also known as `` Citadel of Monks ' cells '' , is a Buddhist temple in Angkor , Cambodia .
The Pinnacle Mall is a large mixed - used development in the city of Nasik , Maharashtra , South West India .
Yallahs is a town located on the southeastern coast of Jamaica in the parish of St Thomas and is home to an estimated 10,000 inhabitants .
The Valea Pordei River or Pârâul Parde ( Hungarian : Párdépatak ) is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania .
Narai Dam ( Japanese : 奈良井ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1982 .
Chynorany ( Hungarian : Kinorány ) is a village and municipality in Partizánske District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Saint - Vran ( Breton : Sant - Vran , Gallo : Saent - Veran ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Veobrehesten is the 61st highest mountain in Norway , and the last of the Norwegian peaks higher than 2000 meters to be ascended , in 1949 .
Pęchery ( pɛ̃ˈxɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Montréal - Hochelaga was a former provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of Quebec , Canada that elected members to the Legislative Assembly of Quebec .
Government College , Sanjauli , Shimla-6 , is a college located in Himachal Pradesh , India .
Bəxtiyarlı ( also , Bakhtiyarly ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Čimhová is a village and municipality in Tvrdošín District in the Žilina Region of the northern Slovakia .
The Sawai Mansingh Stadium is a cricket stadium in Jaipur , Rajasthan , India .
Sheepwash Urban Park is a Local Nature Reserve ( LNR ) , situated in Sandwell Metropolitan Borough , in the West Midlands conurbation of the United Kingdom .
Solingen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈzoːlɪŋən ) ) is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Niževec ( pronounced ( ˈniːʒɛʋəts ) ) is a small settlement southeast of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Gródek - Dwór ( ˈɡrudɛk ˈdvur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ħaġar Qim ( Maltese pronunciation : ( ħadʒar ˈʔiːm ) ; `` Standing / Worshipping Stones '' ) is a megalithic temple complex found on the Mediterranean island of Malta , dating from the Ġgantija phase ( 3600 - 3200 BC ) .
San Martiño ( Saint Martin ) is a small island off the north coast of Galician , Spain , at the mouth of the Sor river and the beginning of Ría ( estuary ) of O Barqueiro .
Österskär is eastern part of Åkersberga , Österåker Municipality in Sweden .
Saillat - sur - Vienne ( French pronunciation : ​(sajasyʁvjɛn ) ; Occitan : Salhac , pronounced ( saˈʎak , saˈjak ) , locally : ( ʃɔˈjak ) ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Wiar or Vihor is a left tributary of the San River in southeastern Poland and Ukraine .
Jordan Park , also known as Jordan 's Garden or Park Jordana , was established in 1889 as the first public playground in Kraków , Poland , and the first of its kind in Europe .
The Anthony Power Development Scheme , part of the Pieman River power development scheme , was a proposed scheme for damming parts of the upper catchment of the Pieman River in Western Tasmania , Australia .
The Great Morava ( Serbian : Велика Морава / Velika Morava , pronounced ( vêlikaː mɔ̌rava ) ) is the final section of the Morava ( Cyrillic : Морава ) , a major river system in Serbia .
Lake Sevan ( Armenian : Սևանա լիճ , Sevana lič̣ ) is the largest body of water in Armenia and the Caucasus region .
Kamuning Road is a short road located in Quezon City , Philippines .
Holiki ( xɔˈliki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Maszów Górny ( ˈmaʂuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Santiago ( /ˌsæntiˈɑːɡoʊ/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( sanˈtjaɣo ) ) , also known as Santiago de Chile ( sanˈtjaɣo ðe ˈtʃile ) , is the capital and largest city of Chile .
Biawak ( also known as Kampung Biawak ) is a settlement in Sarawak , Malaysia .
Viannos ( Greek : Βιάννος ) is a municipality in the Heraklion regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Irgenhausen Castrum is a Roman fort in Irgenhausen , Switzerland .
Fréthun ( Francization of Free Town ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Ładawy ( waˈdavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świnice Warckie , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kigali - Rural Province , known in Kinyarwanda as Kigali - Ngali , was a province that surrounds the city of Kigali , Rwanda .
The Brogberg is a hill , 567 metres high , in the Palatine Forest in Germany .
Teniente Manuel Clavero District ( Spanish teniente lieutenant ) is one of four districts of the Putumayo Province in Peru .
Ein Hemed is a national park and nature reserve in the hills seven kilometers west of Jerusalem , Israel .
The Clerk of the Senate and Clerk of the Parliaments is the chief clerk and senior administrative officer of the Senate of Canada .
Yanuv ( Hebrew : יָנוּב , lit . ( He ) will Come Forth ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Kelmė District Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania , located in western part of Lithuania .
Putla District is located in the west of the Sierra Sur Region of the State of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Klepini ( Greek : Κλεπίνη , Turkish : Arapköy ) is a village in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus .
El Beïda ( sometimes written El Bayada ) is a village in the commune of El Ouata , in Béchar Province , Algeria .
The Route nationale 24 is a highway in western France .
Gabelian was a region and family of the old Armenia c. 400 - -800 .
Kendelek ( Persian : كندلك‎ ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Yan Cheshmeh ( Persian : يان چشمه‎ , also Romanized as Yān Cheshmeh and Yān Chashmeh ; also known as Halīleh and Yātcheshmeh ) is a village in Zayandeh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Ben District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Ferrara Cathedral ( Italian : Basilica Cattedrale di San Giorgio , Duomo di Ferrara ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral and minor basilica in Ferrara , Northern Italy .
Ebrahim Beygi ( Persian : ابراهيم بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīm Beygī ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Lhoknga , ( pronunciation `` lhoʔ-ŋa '' , alternative names Lho'nga , Lho - nga , Lhok Nga ) , is a town within the district of the same name , in Aceh Besar Regency , Aceh Special Region , Indonesia , located on the western side of the island of Sumatra , 13 km southwest of Banda Aceh .
The Cape Sorell Lighthouse is a heritage - listed lighthouse that is located on Cape Sorell in the West Coast region of Tasmania , Australia .
Skandawa ( skanˈdava ) ( German Skandau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Sinai University ( Arabic : جامعة سيناء ) is a private university in Sinai , Egypt .
Louage are minibus share taxis in Tunisia .
Mazraeh - ye Kuman ( Persian : مزرعه كومان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kūmān ) is a village in Dalgan Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Leszczyniak ( lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨɲak ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gragoatá is one of the 48 administrative districts in the city Niterói , Rio de Janeiro in Brazil .
Fort Walsh is a National Historic Site of Canada that was a North - West Mounted Police ( NWMP ) fort and the site of the Cypress Hills Massacre .
Tołoczki Wielkie ( tɔˈwɔt͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The South American Business Forum , also known as ' SABF ' , is an annual conference that takes place at the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Hezar Mashki ( Persian : هزارمشكي‎ , also Romanized as Hezār Mashkī ; also known as Tall Bozān - e Hezār Mīshī ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Adamowo - Osiedle ( adaˈmɔvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Royal Concertgebouw ( Dutch : Koninklijk Concertgebouw , pronounced ( ˌkoːnɪnklək kɔnˈsɛrt.xəˌbʌu̯ ) ) is a concert hall in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Gerdeh Pey - e Ajam ( Persian : گرده پي اجم‎ , also Romanized as Gerdeh Pey - e Ājam ; also known as Gerd Pey ) is a village in Ajam Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
CHIB was a volunteer - run radio station in Chibougamau , Quebec , Canada , located at CFS Chibougamau , a military radar installation that formed part of the Pine Tree Line .
8 House ( Danish : 8 Tallet ) , also known as Big House , is a large mixed - use development built in the shape of a figure 8 on the southern perimeter of the new suburb of Ørestad in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Colmar - Berg ( Luxembourgish : Colmer - Bierg , German : Colmar - Berg ) is a commune and town in central Luxembourg , in the canton of Mersch .
Bamra State or Bamanda State , covering an area of 5149 km² , was one of the Princely states of India during the period of the British Raj , its capital was in Debagarh ( Deogarh ) .
Saline Island is a small islet between Grenada and Carriacou ( Grenadines ) , owned by the John family , of Harvey Vale , Carriacou .
Foxton Beach is a small settlement in the Horowhenua District of the Manawatu - Wanganui region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Hora Cero was a comic magazine published in Argentina in the 50s .
Birat Science Campus is a school of science and technology in Nepal .
Limousin ( French pronunciation : ( limuzɛ̃ ) ; ) is a former administrative region of France .
Pa Brayong ( also known as Pa Bryong or Pa Berayong ) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
The Ramlat al - Sab'atayn ( Arabic رملة السبعتين ) is a region of desert in north - central Yemen .
The Belvedere auf dem Klausberg is a building in Sanssouci Park in Potsdam , Germany that is open to the public .
Ålfoten Church ( Norwegian : Ålfoten kyrkje ) is a parish church in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Moanda Airport ( IATA : MFF , ICAO : FOOD ) is an airport serving Moanda , a town in the Haut - Ogooué Province in Gabon .
The Republic of China Naval Academy ( CNA ; Chinese : 中華民國海軍軍官學校 ; pinyin : Zhōnghuámínguó Hǎijūn Jūnguān Xuéxiào ) is the military academy for the navy of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , and is located at Zuoying District , Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Valea Largă ( formerly Ţicud ; Hungarian : Mezőceked , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmɛzøːtsɛkɛd ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania that is composed of nine villages :
The Brusselpoort ( Dutch : Brussels Gate ) is the sole remaining city gate of the original twelve gates of the city of Mechelen , Belgium .
Piechcin ( ˈpʲɛxt͡ɕin ) ( German : Hansdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kościelna Góra ( kɔɕˈt͡ɕelna ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Karcag is a large town in Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok county , in the Northern Great Plain region of central Hungary .
The NATO Missile Firing Installation or NAMFI ( Greek : Πεδίο Βολής Κρήτης ) is an extensive missile firing range located at Souda Bay on the island of Crete , Greece .
Taraklı is a historic district in northwestern Turkey .
Tnuvot ( Hebrew : תְּנוּבוֹת , lit . Crops ; Arabic : تنوفوت‎ ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Maryinsko ( Russian : Марьинско ) is a village in Plyussky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Barnhusviken ( Swedish for `` the Orphanage Bay '' ) is a body of water in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Kenidjack Valley ( Cornish : Keunyjek , meaning place abounding in firewood),sometimes referred to as Nancherrow Valley ( Cornish : Nanj Erow , meaning acre valley ) , is a steep - sided valley in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Pradamano ( Friulian : Pradaman ) is a town and comune in the province of Udine , north - eastern Italy .
Weston Airport or Aerfort Weston is a publicly licensed general aviation airport serving Dublin , Ireland and surrounding areas .
The municipality and town of Totatiche is located in the northern extreme of the state of Jalisco , Mexico between 21 ° 48''30 '' and 22 ° 06''00 '' latitude north and 103 ° 20''00 '' and 103 ° 34''00 '' longitude east at a height of 1,751 meters ( 5,745 ft ) above sea level .
Khirlepposi or Khirleppos ' Melesh ( Russian : Хирлеппоси ; Chuvash : Хирлеппуç Мĕлĕш , Hirleppuş Mĕlĕš ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tautovskoye Rural Settlement of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia , located 6 kilometers ( 3.7 mi ) west of Alikovo , the administrative center of the district .
Sawaga River is a river in Central Bukidnon , Philippines on the island of Mindanao .
The Gulf of Saint - Malo is a part of the south - western English Channel between Brittany , France and the island of Jersey .
Bettembourg railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Beetebuerg , French : Gare de Bettembourg , German : Bahnhof Bettemburg ) is a railway station serving Bettembourg , in southern Luxembourg .
The Château d'Heilly are the listed ruins of a historic castle in Heilly , Somme , Picardy , France .
Daebawisan ( Gangwon - do ) is a mountain of South Korea .
Kissufim ( Hebrew : כִּסּוּפִים , lit . Yearning ) is a community in the northwestern Negev desert in Israel .
Sinnam Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 2 and Line 3 in Daesin - dong , Dongsan - dong , and Namsan - dong , Jung District , Daegu , South Korea .
The Montreal Diocesan Theological College ( known as Dio ) is the theological seminary of the Anglican Diocese of Montreal , Canada .
The Transylvanian Plateau ( Romanian : Podişul Transilvaniei , Hungarian : Erdélyi - medence ) is a plateau in central Romania .
Kang - e Molla Abdollah ( Persian : كنگ ملاعبداله‎ , also Romanized as Kang - e Mollā `` Abdollāh ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 177 , in 31 families .
Tumlingtar Airport ( IATA : TMI , ICAO : VNTR ) , also known as Tumling Tar Airport , is an airport serving Tumlingtar , a city in Nepal .
Búrfellshyrna is a mountain in the Svarfaðardalur in northern Iceland .
Vilniaus Gedimino technikos universitetas ( Vilnius Gediminas Technical University ) , also known as VGTU , is a public university in Vilnius , Lithuania .
Assisi Vidyaniketan is a public school situated in Kakkanad , Kochi in the state of Kerala , India .
Dar os Salam ( Persian : دارالسلام‎ , also Romanized as Dār os Salām ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Perloz is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy .
Le Journal de Québec is a French - language daily newspaper in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada .
Calasparra ( Spanish : ( kalasˈpara ) , locally : ( kalaʰˈpːara ) ) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Murcia , Spain .
The Jamaraat Bridge ( Arabic : جسر الجمرات‎ ; transliterated : Jisr Al - Jamaraat ) is a pedestrian bridge in Mina , Saudi Arabia , near Mecca used by Muslims during the Stoning of the Devil ritual of the Hajj .
East Vancouver ( also `` East Van '' or the `` East Side '' or the `` East End '' ) is a region within the City of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Highway 7 Rapidway in Regional Municipality of York , Ontario , Canada , is a bus rapid transit system that runs from Richmond Hill Centre Terminal in Richmond Hill to Warden Avenue in Markham .
Port Said Airport ( IATA : PSD , ICAO : HEPS ) serves the city of Port Said , Egypt , at the north end of the Suez Canal .
P.Naidu Palem is a village in Chimakurthi mandal , located in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Tel Yosef ( Hebrew : תֵּל יוֹסֵף , lit . Yosef Mond ) is a kibbutz in north - eastern Israel .
L'Île - Saint - Denis ( i.e. the Saint - Denis island ) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris , France .
Veli Lošinj ( Italian : Lussingrande , German : Groß - Lötzing , Venetian : Lusingrande ) , is a village on the island of Lošinj in Primorje - Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia .
Bukovo ( Macedonian : Буково , pronounced ( ˈbukɔvɔ ) ) is a village in the Bitola municipality approximately three kilometers distance from the city of Bitola in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Ghergheasa River is a tributary of Lake Amara ( Buzău River ) in Romania .
Osmore River ( also Moquegua , Ilo , or Tumilaca ) system flows northeast to southwest in the Moquegua Region of southern coastal Peru .
Mazunte is a small beach town on the Pacific coast in Oaxaca , Mexico ( 15.66485 ° N 96.55388 ° W ) .
The St. Lawrence Market South building is a major public market building in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Festhalle Frankfurt is a multi - purpose arena located in Frankfurt , Germany .
Tamtoraq ( Persian : طمطراق‎ , also Romanized as Tamţorāq ; also known as Tamtorāb - e Qarānqū and Tamţorābī ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Located on the isolated west coast of Espiritu Santo , Mount Tabwemasana is not only the highest peak in Vanuatu , but also one of the highest mountains in the Pacific .
Thadiya is a small village along the Mahendra Highway in eastern Nepal .
Worcester Park House , built in 1607 , whose ruins are in Surrey , in the United Kingdom , was one of the residences of the 4th Earl of Worcester , who was appointed Keeper of the Great Park in 1606 .
The La Ngà River ( Vietnamese : Sông La Ngà ) is a river of southern Vietnam .
Zagradinje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Заградиње ) is a village in the municipality of Ravno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Trade Centre 2 ( Arabic : المركز التجاري الثانية‎ ) , also known as Dubai Financial Centre , is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
The Great Ngaruawahia Music Festival was the first large outdoor music festival in New Zealand .
The Queenstown Trail or Queenstown Trail is a cycle and walking trail funded as one of the projects of the New Zealand Cycle Trail ( NZCT ) system in Otago , New Zealand .
Gare de Valenciennes is a railway station serving the town of Valenciennes , Nord , France .
Golra Sharif Junction railway station ( Urdu : گولڑہ شریف جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located on Golra road in Islamabad , The federal capital of the Pakistan .
Jemo Island Atoll ( Marshallese : Jemo̧ or Jāmo̧ , ( tʲææ̯mʲæ͡ɒɒ̯ ) ) is an uninhabited coral island in the Pacific Ocean , in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands north - east of Likiep Atoll .
The Committee for Sustainable Retirement Incomes is an independent , non - partisan , non - profit organisation committed to improving the adequacy and sustainability of retirement incomes in Australia .
Zaloora is a village ( of over 6,000 ) in northern Baramulla district , Jammu and Kashmir ( J&K ) , India , approximately 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) from Sopore .
Sui Airport ( IATA : SUL , ICAO : OPSU ) is located at Sui in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Rembrandt House Museum ( Dutch : Museum Het Rembrandthuis ) is a historic house and art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Pokrówka ( pɔˈkrufka ) is a village in Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Xcaret ( Mayan pronunciation : ( iʃ.ka'ɾet ) ) is a Maya civilization archaeological site located on the Caribbean coastline of the Yucatán Peninsula , in the modern - day state of Quintana Roo in Mexico .
Beit Yehoshua ( Hebrew : בֵּית יְהוֹשֻעַ , lit . House of Yehoshua ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Rudaki District or Nohiyai Rudaki ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Рӯдакӣ/Persian : ناحیهٔ رودکی‎ ) is a district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan .
Penwith ( Cornish : Pennwydh ) is an area of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , located on the peninsula of the same name .
The Islamic Schools of Victoria , or otherwise known as Al - Taqwa College , is a primary and secondary school located on Sayers Road , in Truganina , Victoria , outside Melbourne , Australia .
Chatyr - Kul ( also Chatyr Köl , Chatyrkol , Kyrgyz : Чатыркөл ) is an endorheic alpine lake in the Tian Shan mountains in At - Bashi District of Naryn Province , Kyrgyzstan ; it lies in the lower part of Chatyr - Kul Depression near the Torugart Pass border crossing into China .
The London School of Philosophy is an independent adult education college located in London , United Kingdom .
The Canton of Vimy was a canton in northern France , in the Pas - de - Calais département .
Zahara de los Atunes is a village on the Costa de la Luz of Spain in the province of Cádiz and the autonomous region of Andalusia .
Agordat Airport ( IATA : HHAG ) is an airstrip serving Agordat , Eritrea .
The Veneția River , Venezia in Italian , ( Romanian pronunciation : ( veneˈtsi.a ) ) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania .
Kastri - Loutro ( Greek : Καστρί-Λουτρό ) is a settlement of the department of the beach of Aigani , a former municipal district of Kato Olympos , which is part of the municipality of Tempi in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Ciringa ( pronounced ( ˈtsiːɾiŋɡa ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in northeastern Slovenia , right on the border with Austria .
Aiguá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aiˈɣwa ) ) is a city of the Maldonado Department in Uruguay .
Dəyirmanlı ( also , Dagirmanly and Dayrmanly ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Guzalan ( Persian : گوزالان‎ , also Romanized as Gūzalān ; also known as Gavzalān , Gāvzāleh , Goozalan , and Gūzlān ) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Joghri ( Persian : جغري‎ , also Romanized as Joghrī ; also known as Joghar ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Father Saturnino Urios University ( FSUU ) is a Roman Catholic private university run by the Diocese of Butuan in Butuan City , Philippines .
The San Luis Obispo de Tolosa Parish Church ( also Saint Louis of Toulouse Parish Church ) , commonly known as the Lucban Church , is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Lucban , Quezon , Philippines under the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lucena .
Gadap ( Urdu : گڈاپ ‎,Sindhi : گڏاپ ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Ytterskogen is a village in Rakkestad municipality , Norway , located in the agricultural area south of Rakkestad village and halfway to Ise .
Combined Military Hospitals ( CMHs ) are base hospitals of Pakistan Armed Forces situated in various cantonments .
Acquafraggia ( also Acqua Fraggia ) is a short and frequently steep torrente , or seasonal stream , of the province of Sondrio in Lombardy , north Italy .
Santa Gertrudis - Boca del Infierno Provincial Park , legally Santa - Boca Provincial Park , is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada .
Kocmyrzów ( kɔt͡sˈmɨʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocmyrzów - Luborzyca , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kharrazi Expressway is an expressway in Esfahan , Iran .
Lubań ( ˈlubaɲ ) ( German : Lauban ) is a town in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwest Poland .
Dulgan ( Persian : دولگان‎ , also Romanized as Dūlgān and Dūlogān ; also known as Dūlenjān - e Peyvandī and Dūlūgān ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Karrakatta Club is a women 's club in Perth , Western Australia .
Michurinsk ( Russian : Мичу́ринск ) is the second most populous town in Tambov Oblast , Russia .
Lübecker Yacht - Club ( Lübeck Yacht Club ) is a yacht club in Germany .
Museum Drohobychchyna ( officially known as Drohobych Museum of Local Studies or The Drohobych Museum of Local Lore , commonly called the Drohobych Museum ) is a museum in Drohobych , Ukraine , is a major cultural and educational centre of the Lviv Region .
Loyat ( Breton : Louad ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
The Brothers Volcano is a Pacific Ocean submarine volcano in the Kermadec Arc , 340 kilometres north east of New Zealand 's Whakaari / White Island .
Chaumont - sur - Loire is a commune in the Loir - et - Cher département in central France known for its historical defensive walls .
The Wrocław Zoological Garden , known simply as the Zoo Wrocław ( Polish : Ogród Zoologiczny we Wrocławiu ) , is a zoo on Wróblewskiego Street in Wrocław , Poland .
Bljuštevac ( Serbian : Бљуштевац ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Galle Fort , in the Bay of Galle on the southwest coast of Sri Lanka , was built first in 1588 by the Portuguese , then extensively fortified by the Dutch during the 17th century from 1649 onwards .
Fraser Canyon Hospital ( FCH ) is a publicly funded community hospital in the city of Hope , British Columbia , Canada .
Croydon Kings is an Australian semi - professional soccer club in Adelaide , South Australia .
The Karnala Bird Sanctuary is located in Panvel Taluka of Raigad District , outside Mumbai , India near Matheran and Karjat .
The Estadio Ciudad de Tudela , formerly Estadio José Antonio Elola is a multi - use stadium located in Tudela , Navarre , Spain .
Vyronas ( Greek : Βύρωνας ) is a suburban town and a municipality in the southeastern part of the Athens agglomeration , Greece .
Kaspichan Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Каспичан ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Shumen Province , Northeastern Bulgaria .
Roman Tmetuchl International Airport ( IATA : ROR , ICAO : PTRO , FAA LID : ROR ) is the main airport of Palau .
Mishmar HaShiv'a ( Hebrew : מִשְׁמַר הַשִּׁבְעָה , lit . Guard of the Seven ; Arabic : مشمار هشفعاه‎ ) is a moshav in central Israel .
El Dinouda Digdighei is a coastal village in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Chukat - e Pain ( Persian : چوكات پايين‎ , also Romanized as Chūkāt - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Zbiroh ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzbɪrox ) ) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic .
The RCMP Security Service is the former branch of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police which had responsibilities of domestic intelligence and security for Canada .
Janškovo Selo ( Slovene : Janškovo selo ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Velenje in northern Slovenia .
Lehqorbani - ye Sofla ( Persian : له قرباني سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lehqorbānī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Forest of Compiègne ( French : Forêt de Compiègne ) is a large forest in the region of Picardy , France , near the city of Compiègne and approximately 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Paris .
The Stadio Olimpico del Nuoto ( Olympic Swimming Stadium ) is an aquatics centre at the Foro Italico in Rome , Italy .
Chahar Takht - e Kuk ( Persian : چهارتخته كوك‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Takht - e Kūk and Chahār Takht - e Gūk ; also known as Chahār Takhteh Gūk ) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Mare aux Hippopotames ( Lake of Hippopotamuses ) is a lake and national park in Burkina Faso , created in 1937 and designated in 1977 as the only UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in the nation .
The First Battle of Ypres ( 19 October -- 22 November ) was a First World War battle fought around Ypres , in western Belgium during October and November 1914 .
Viļaka Castle ( Latvian : Viļakas pilsdrupas ) ( Mariensee Castle , Marienhausen , Villack ) is a castle in the historical region of Latgale , in eastern Latvia .
Hacienda Casa del Francés , near Esperanza on the island of Vieques , Puerto Rico , also known as Sportsmen 's House , was built in 1910 .
Staryi Uhryniv ( Ukrainian : Старий Угринів , Old Uhryniv ) is a village in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast in western Ukraine .
Urrea de Gaén is a municipality located in the province of Teruel , community of Aragon , Spain .
The 2001 census of India recorded Dhianpur as having a population of 3,095 forming 510 households .
Kolovesi National Park ( Finnish : Koloveden kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Southern Savonia region of Finland .
The 1979 World Judo Championships were the 10th edition of the World Judo Championships , and were held in Paris , France from December 6 - -
Erlenbach bei Marktheidenfeld ( officially Erlenbach b . Marktheidenfeld ) is a community in the Main - Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( Administrative Community ) of Marktheidenfeld .
Diamarakro ( also known as Diambarakrou ) is a town in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Moscato d'Asti is a `` Denominazione di origine controllata e garantita '' sparkling white wine produced mainly in the province of Asti , north - west Italy , and in smaller nearby regions in the provinces of Alessandria and Cuneo .
Kidal ( Tuareg - Berber : ⴾⴸⵍ , Kidal ) is a town and commune in the desert region of northern Mali .
Monte Terminillo is a massif in the Monti Reatini , part of the Abruzzi Apennine range in central Italy .
The Fluminense Federal University ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal Fluminense , UFF ) is one of the four federally funded public universities in the State of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and one of the Brazilian centers of excellence in teaching and research .
The Belchen Tunnel is a motorway tunnel in Switzerland , and forms part of the A2 motorway from Basel to Chiasso .
The Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra ( Stuttgarter Kammerorchester ) is a professional chamber orchestra in Stuttgart , Germany .
Khandizaj ( Persian : خان ديزج‎ , also Romanized as Khāndīzaj ) is a village in Rahal Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pacheco Island is an island between Vidal Gomez Island and Victoria Island at the north shore of the West entrance of the Strait of Magellan in Chile .
Jevargi is a Panchayat town in Kalaburagi district in Karnataka , India .
Piyeh ( Persian : پيه‎ , also Romanized as Pīyeh ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Vanganel ( pronounced ( ʋaŋɡaˈneːu̯ ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Hoseynabad - e Bahar ( Persian : حسين آبادبهار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Bahār ; also known as Ya``qūb Shāh ) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 3,300 , in 810 families .
The Ceraunian Mountains ( Albanian : Mal i Kanalit , Greek : Κεραύνια όρη , Keravnia ori ; Latin : Cerauni montes ) is a coastal mountain range in southwestern Albania .
Heist - aan - Zee , or Heist , is a town in Knokke - Heist , West Flanders , Belgium .
Črešnjice pri Cerkljah ( pronounced ( ˈtʃɾeːʃnjitsɛ pɾi ˈtseːɾkljax ) ; in older sources also Češnjice , German : Kerschdorf ) is a settlement north of Cerklje ob Krki in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Portør is a village and port on the south coast line of Kragerø in Telemark , Norway .
Zanglan ( Persian : زنگلان‎ , also Romanized as Zanglān ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Allied Works Council was an organisation set up to oversee and organise military construction works in Australia during World War II . Established in February 1942 , the Allied Works Council was responsible for carrying out any works required by the Allied Forces including providing any equipment , materials or workmen required to carry out these works .
Chah - e Siyahi ( Persian : چاه سياهي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Sīyāhī and Chāhsīyāhī ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lędowa ( lɛnˈdɔva ) ( German : Waldhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Dnestrovsc ( Romanian : Dnestrovsc ; Russian : Днестрóвск , Dnestrovsk ; Ukrainian : Дністровськ , Dnistrovs'k ) is a town in southern Transnistria , Moldova , near the border with Ukraine .
Greek National Road 31 is a national highway of southern Greece .
Handsworth Secondary School is a high school in the district of North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , and part of School District 44 North Vancouver .
Kaka Street Special School is a school catering for children with mild - severe learning and physical disabilities located in Tauranga , New Zealand .
Islamabad College for Boys ( ICB ) is the oldest boys college in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Spassk - Dalny ( Russian : Спасск-Да́льний ) , sometimes called simply Spassk , is a town in Primorsky Krai , Russia , situated on the Prikhankayskaya Flatland on the coast of Khanka Lake .
Pughoboto ( Pron:/ˌzʌnˈhiːbəʊtəʊ/ ) is a Town and a town area committee in Zunheboto in the state of Nagaland , India .
Hawzen ( Ge'ez : ሓውዜን ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Sadabad District ( Persian : بخش سعدآباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Eskandar Kola ( Persian : اسكندركلا‎ , also Romanized as Eskandar Kolā ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pantanaw ( Burmese : ပန်းတနော်မြို့ ( páɴtənɔ̀ mjo̰ ) ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south - west Myanmar .
The Palais des Beaux - Arts de Lille ( Lille Palace of Fine Arts ) is one of the largest museums in France , and the largest French museum outside of Paris .
Ñiquén is a commune of the Ñuble province , located in the north of the Bío Bío Region of Chile .
Ankara Castle ( Turkish : Ankara Kalesi ) is a fortification from ancient or medieval era in Ankara , Turkey .
El Corte Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto El Corte , ICAO : SCEG ) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) south - southeast of Talagante , Santiago Metropolitan , Chile .
The Huron Tract was purchased by the Canada Company , an agent of the British government , to be distributed to colonial settlers of Upper Canada .
The Technical Education and Skills Development Authority ( Filipino : Pangasiwaan sa Edukasyong Teknikal at Pagpapaunlad ng Kasanayan ) , abbreviated as TESDA , is an agency of the Philippine government under the Department of Labor and Employment responsible for managing and supervising technical education and skills development in the Philippines .
The Maikal Hills are range of hills in the state of Chhattisgarh India .
Çorrush ( definite Albanian form : Çorrushi ) is a village in the former Kutë municipality , Fier County , southwestern Albania .
San Pedro de Macorís is a municipality ( municipio ) in the Dominican Republic and the capital of the San Pedro de Macorís province in the south - eastern region of the country ; it is among the 5 largest cities of the Dominican Republic .
Maribo is a town in Lolland municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Lolland in south Denmark .
Salona ( Ancient Greek : Σάλωνα ) was an ancient city and capital of Roman province on the Dalmatian coast located in modern - day Croatia .
Feistritz an der Drau ( Slovene : Bistrica na Dravi ) is a village in the municipality of Paternion , in Carinthia , Austria .
Barrack Street Jetty is located on the edge of Perth Water on the Swan River in Perth , Western Australia .
Drückebergergasse ( German : ' Shirker 's Alley ' ) is the popular name for Viscardigasse , a small curbless pedestrian street in Munich , Germany .
Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant project in Lithuania .
Brumath , also Brumpt , is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
The United Kingdom Census 2011 reported a resident population for the City of Norwich of 132,512 , a 9 % increase from the 2001 census .
Sosnogorsk ( Russian : Сосного́рск ; Komi : Сӧснагорт , Sösnagort ) is a town in the Komi Republic , Russia , located on the Izhma River .
Gače ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːtʃɛ ) ; German : Gatschen , Gottscheerish : Gatschn ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia .
Hyderi ( Urdu : حیدری ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of North Nazimabad Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Södra Bankogränd ( Swedish : `` Southern Bank Alley '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden :
Kastellia ( Greek : Καστέλλια , before 1979 : Καστέλλι - Kastelli ) is a village in the municipal unit of Gravia , Phocis , Greece .
About 2.5 mi ( 4.0 km ) to the north of the village is a border checkpoint Krasna Talivka that is located on the highway P22 crossing the border of Ukraine with Russia .
Župica Lake is an artificial lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Unac River .
Sayun Airport ( IATA : GXF , ICAO : OYSY ) ( alternatively Seiyun Airport ) is an airport in Seiyun , Yemen .
Kahn - e Cheragh ( Persian : كهن چراغ‎ , also Romanized as Kahn - e Cherāgh ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ahvarak ( Persian : اهوارك‎ , also Romanized as Ahvārak and Ahūrāk ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Elhayi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان الهائی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Standerton is a large commercial and agricultural town lying on the banks of the Vaal River in Mpumalanga , South Africa , which specialises in cattle , dairy , maize and poultry farming .
Morton Park is a football and cricket ground located on Central Road in the suburb of Blackburn , Victoria , Australia .
The Stadthuys ( an old Dutch spelling , meaning city hall ) is a historical structure situated in the heart of Malacca City , the administrative capital of the state of Malacca , Malaysia in a place known as the Red Square .
The Strasbourg astronomical clock is located in the Cathédrale Notre - Dame of Strasbourg , Alsace , France .
Kisheh Khani ( Persian : كيشخاني‎ , also Romanized as Kīsheh Khānī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Gran Paradiso ( French : Grand Paradis ) is a mountain in the Graian Alps located between the Aosta Valley and Piedmont regions of north - west Italy .
Ninino ( niˈninɔ ) ( German : Mielke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Avgolida ( Greek : Αβγολίδα , Turkish : Kurtuluş ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located northeast of Trikomo .
Caterinovca ( Ukrainian : Катеринівка , Katerynivka , Russian : Катериновка , Katerinovka ) is a commune in the Camenca District of Transnistria , Moldova .
The Luoxiao Mountains ( simplified Chinese : 罗霄山脉 ; traditional Chinese : 羅霄山脈 ; pinyin : Luóxiāo Shānmài ) are a system of mountain ranges in the People 's Republic of China straddling Jiangxi , Hubei and Hunan provinces .
Faisalabad Dry Port railway station ( Urdu : فیصل آباد ڈرائی پورٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located 10 kilometers ( 6.2 mi ) away from Faisalabad city in Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Batrian ( Persian : بطريان‎ , also Romanized as Baţrīān ) is a village in Haq Rural District , Nalus District , Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bougoula , Sikasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
The Mabla Mountains ( variants : Monti Mabla , Monts Mabla ) are a mountain range in the northern Obock Region of Djibouti .
Jarud Banner ( Mongolian : ᠵᠠᠷᠤᠳ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Jarud qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 扎鲁特旗 ; traditional Chinese : 扎魯特旗 ; pinyin : Zālǔtè Qí ) is a banner of eastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Cams Hall at Fareham , Hampshire , United Kingdom , is a Palladian mansion set in parkland overlooking Portsmouth Harbour .
Aqcheh Kharabeh ( Persian : آقچه خرابه‎ , also Romanized as Āqcheh Kharābeh and Āqcheh - ye Kharābeh ; also known as Āghcheh Kharābeh , Aghcheh Kharabeh , Akhārja Khārāweh , and Āqjeh - ye Kharābeh ) is a village in Sardrud - e Olya Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Podaca is a tourist locality in southern Dalmatia , Croatia , located between Makarska and Ploče .
Minervino di Lecce is a town and comune in the province of Lecce , Apulia , south - eastern Italy .
Kafr Kalbin ( Arabic : كفر كلبين‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located northeast of Aleppo .
Osoyoos Lake and its outlet and primary inflow , the Okanogan River ( known as the Okanagan River in Canada ) , are subject to international water - sharing agreements governed by the International Joint Commission as part of the Columbia Basin .
Mazraeh - ye Hoseyn ( Persian : مزرعه حسين‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩoseyn ; also known as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Garizat Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 99 , in 29 families .
Palù is a comune in the province of Verona in northern Italy .
Zawgyi River ( Burmese : ဇော်ဂျီမြစ် ) is a river of eastern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Wisła Kraków ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvʲiswa ˈkrakuv ) ) is a football club based in Kraków , Poland .
Qaleh - ye Kohneh - ye Kavar ( Persian : قلعه كهنه كوار‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Kohneh - ye Kavār ) is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 564 , in 124 families .
Merseburg Cathedral ( German : Merseburger Dom ) is the proto - cathedral of the former Bishopric of Merseburg in Merseburg , Germany .
Baroia Chak No . 36/R.B is a village near Sangla Hill ( Urdu : سانگلہ ہِل ) , near the Nankana Sahib District of the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
The AM - FM migration changed the station 's callsign to XHV - FM , which had been the callsign of 102.5 FM in Mexico City from 1967 to 1991 .
Képespuszta ( Hungary ) is a village in Baranya county , near Orfű , Pécs .
Government Inter College Barabanki or GIC - Barabanki is one of the oldest middle schools of Barabanki city , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Ochotnica Dolna ( ɔxɔtˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Pieter Baan Centre ( Pieter Baan Centrum ) is a forensic psychiatric observation clinic in Utrecht , Netherlands , operated by the Ministry of Security and Justice , where suspects of crimes in the Netherlands are observed to ascertain whether they can be held wholly responsible for their suspected crimes .
Čavoj ( Hungarian : Csavajó ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Kozelets Raion ( Ukrainian : Козелецький район , Kozelets'kyi raion ) is one of the 22 administrative raions ( a district ) of the Chernihiv Oblast in northern Ukraine .
Kahgan - e Sofla ( Persian : كاهگان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kāhgān - e Soflá ; also known as Kagūn , Kāhangān , Kāhgān , and Kūgān ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Skitno ( ˈskʲitnɔ ) ( German : Skitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Astakos ( Greek : Αστακός , meaning `` lobster '' ) is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , Greece .
Guru Nanak Dev University ( Punjabi : ਗੁਰੂ ਨਾਨਕ ਦੇਵ ਯੂਨੀਵਰਸਿਟੀ ; G.N.D.U. ) was established at Amritsar , India on November 24 , 1969 to commemorate Guru Nanak Dev 's birth quincentenary celebrations .
Lej da Staz ( Lake of Staz , German : Stazersee ) is a lake in the Engadin valley , Grisons , Switzerland .
Siversk ( Ukrainian : Сі́верськ ; Russian : Се́верск , tr . Seversk ; until 1973 : Yama ( Я́ма ; Я́ма ) ) is a city in Bakhmut Raion of Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine situated 99 km north of Donetsk .
Norwegian County Road 174 ( Norwegian : Fylkesvei 174 ) is 11.8 kilometers ( 7.3 mi ) long and runs between Nordby and Dalstua in Ullensaker , Norway .
Tužina ( Hungarian : Kovácspalota ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Gunkan ( Persian : گونكن‎ , also Romanized as Gūnkan ; also known as Gūngan ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lihir Island ( aka Niolam Island ) is the largest island in the Lihir group of islands , 22 km long and 14.5 km wide , in Papua New Guinea 's New Ireland Province .
Acireale Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Acireale , Cattedrale Maria Santissima Annunziata ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the city of Acireale in Sicily , province of Catania , Italy .
Jazireh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جزيره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ilkhchi District , Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Gare d'Épinay - Villetaneuse ( Épinay - Villetaneuse Station ) is a railway station located in the commune of Épinay - sur - Seine , Seine - Saint - Denis department , France .
The ARD International Music Competition ( German : Internationaler Musikwettbewerb der ARD ) is the largest international classical music competition in Germany .
CJNI - FM is currently the only commercial News / talk station in Atlantic Canada .
Kupres is a town and municipality in Canton 10 ( Herzeg - Bosnia County ) of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Balatun ( Serbian Cyrillic : Балатун ) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
After the Second World War , Leipzig fell within the territory of East Germany , whereupon the Leipzig Trade Fair became one of the most important trade fairs of Comecon and was traditionally a meeting place for businessmen and politicians from both sides of the Iron Curtain .
The Aiguilles Rouges National Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located in the Aiguilles Rouges mountain range in the Haute - Savoie department in southeastern France .
Petalas ( Greek : Πεταλάς ) is the largest island ( area 5.5 km² ) of the Echinades , among the Ionian Islands group of Greece .
Mountain View College Academy ( or MVCA ) is a private Adventist high school in Valencia City , Bukidnon , Philippines .
Mahanakorn University of Technology ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยเทคโนโลยีมหานคร , short MUT ) is a university in Thailand .
The Peace and Friendship Stadium , commonly known by its acronym SEF ( Greek : Στάδιο Ειρήνης και Φιλίας , transliterated as Stadio Eirinis kai Filias ) is a multi - purpose indoor arena that is located in Piraeus , on the coastal zone of Athens , Greece .
Dekhela ( Arabic : الدخيلة‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Bolechówko ( bɔlɛˈxufkɔ ) ( German : Hackweiler ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jeppe High School for Boys is a public secondary school is located in Kensington , a suburb of Johannesburg , Gauteng , South Africa , one of the 23 Milner Schools .
Hasel Qubi - ye Afshar ( Persian : حاصل قوبي افشار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩāşel Qūbī - ye Afshār ; also known as Ḩāşel Qū’ī and Ḩāşel Qū'ī - ye Afshār ) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shurjeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سروستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Brooklin Novo ( Portuguese for `` New Brooklyn '' ) is a neighborhood in São Paulo , Brazil .
The Gifford Observatory is an astronomical observation facility located in Mount Victoria , Wellington , New Zealand .
Lüneburg Heath ( German : Lüneburger Heide ) is a large area of heath , geest and woodland in the northeastern part of the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany .
VfL - Stadion am Elsterweg ( German pronunciation : ( faʊ̯ ʔɛf ˈʔɛl ˈʃtaːdi̯ɔn ʔam ˈʔɛlstɐveːk ) , locally ( -ˈʔɛlstɐveːç ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Wolfsburg , Germany .
Oreoi ( Greek : Ωρεοί ) is a village and a former municipality in Euboea , Greece .
Poipet ( officially Paôy Paêt ) is a Cambodian boomtown on the Cambodia / Thailand border , in Ou Chrov district , Banteay Meanchey Province .
Riebiņi ( Latvian : Riebiņi , Latgalian : Ribiniški ) is a village in and the center of both Riebiņi parish and Riebiņi municipality , Latvia .
Srednekolymsk ( Russian : Среднеколы́мск ; Yakut : Орто Халыма , Orto Xalıma ) is a town and the administrative center of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located on the left bank of the Kolyma River , 1,485 kilometers ( 923 mi ) northeast of Yakutsk , the capital of the republic .
Choczewo ( xɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Chottschow , Gotendorf ( 1938 - 1945 ) ) is a village in Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
As a welfare garden , the Gustav - Ammann - Park is unique in Switzerland .
Bagh Daraq ( Persian : باغ درق‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Daraq and Bāghdaraq ; also known as Bagdere , Bāgh Darreh , Beg Dara , and Beyg Darreh ) is a village in Valdian Rural District , Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Brudzice ( bruˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bukowina Tatrzańska ( bukɔˈvina taˈtʂaɲska ) , ( Slovak : Tatranská Bukovina ) is a village in Tatra County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
The Royal Spanish Football Federation ( Spanish : Real Federación Española de Fútbol , RFEF ) is the governing body of football in Spain .
Sarmeshk ( Persian : سرمشك‎ ; also known as Sarmoshk ) is a village in Hanza Rural District of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sangok - ri ( 상옥리 ) is a small village ( ri ) in Pohang City District , Gyeongsangbuk - do Province , South Korea .
Unterlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Kopaczów ( kɔˈpat͡ʂuf ) ( German : Oberullersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech and German borders .
Atbasar Airport ( IATA : ATX ) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) north of Atbasar .
The Lao Red Cross Society is a humanitarian organization in Laos .
Miðvágur ( Danish : Midvåg ) , is a village in the Faroe Islands on Vágar .
Ma'an ( Arabic : معان‎ ) is a city in southern Jordan , 218 kilometres ( 135 mi ) southwest of the capital Amman .
The Italian fiscal code card , officially known as Italy 's Codice Fiscale , is the tax code card in Italy , similar to a Social Security Number ( SSN ) card in the United States or the National Insurance Number issued in the United Kingdom .
Hadzhidimovo ( Bulgarian : Хаджидимово ) is a small town and the centre of Hadzhidimovo Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province , south - western Bulgaria .
Ciepielów - Kolonia ( t͡ɕɛˈpjɛluf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Col de Braus ( 1002 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes - Maritimes in France .
Grič pri Klevevžu ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾiːtʃ pɾi klɛˈʋeːu̯ʒu ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Eidsvik Skipsbyggeri is a small shipyard in Kvinnherad , Norway .
Warszawice ( varʂaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( local name Warszewice ) is a village in Gmina Sobienie - Jeziory , Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland .
Hajiabad - e Fajr ( Persian : حاجی‌آباد فجر ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sint - Elooi is a small village , about 5 kilometres south of Ypres in the Flemish province of West - Vlaanderen in Belgium .
Mansehra District ( مانسہرہ ) is in the Hazara division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The E6 European long distance path or E6 path is one of the European long - distance paths from the northwest tip of Finland through Sweden , Denmark , Germany and Austria to the Adriatic coast in Slovenia .
Valozhyn , Vałožyn or Volozhin ( Belarusian : Вало́жын , ( vaˈɫoʐɨn ) ; Russian : Воло́жин ; Polish : Wołożyn ; Yiddish : וואָלאָזשין‎ ; also written as Wolozin and Wolozhin ) is a town in the Minsk Region of Belarus .
Çöl Beşdəli ( also , Chël’beshdali , Chol''-Beshtali , and Chol’beshtaly ) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Bukovec Mountains ( Slovak : Bukovské vrchy ) is a flysch mountain range in north - eastern Slovakia , part of the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians ranges belonging to the Eastern Carpathians .
Poznanovci ( Hungarian : Pálhegy ) is a dispersed village in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Vancouver Golf Club also hosted one Senior PGA Tour event in the 1985 , the Canada Senior Open Championship , won by Peter Thomson of Australia .
Dam Dam ( Persian : دم دم‎ ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
In 1990 , a foreign edition was launched in Sweden , also named Pyton .
Yasti Bulagh ( Persian : ياستي بولاغ‎ , also Romanized as Yāstī Būlāgh ; also known as Yāstī Bolāgh and Yāsu Bulāq ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The University of Natal was a university in Natal , and later KwaZulu - Natal in South Africa .
The GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research ( German : GSI Helmholtzzentrum für Schwerionenforschung ) is a federally and state co - funded heavy ion ( Schwerion ) research center in the Arheilgen suburb of Darmstadt , Germany .
Nitibe is a small town in Nitibe subdistrict , in the East Timor exclave of Oecusse .
Bayamo is the capital city of the Granma Province of Cuba , and one of the largest cities in the Oriente region .
Ventspils Olimpiskais Stadions , more commonly called the Ventspils Stadions , is a multi - purpose stadium in Ventspils , Latvia .
Killamery ( Irish : Cill Lamraí ) is a village in County Kilkenny , Ireland .
Paskrzyn ( ˈpaskʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dößel is a former municipality in the Saalekreis district , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Nižný Kručov ( Hungarian : Magyarkrucsó ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Jingzhou District ( simplified Chinese : 荆州区 ; traditional Chinese : 荊州區 ; pinyin : Jīngzhōu Qū ) is a district of the city of Jingzhou , Hubei , People 's Republic of China .
The Rotbüelspitz ( also spelled Rotbühelspitze ) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps , located on the border between Austria and Switzerland .
Dhoke Qureshian is the main neighbourhood of village Noordolal in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab , Pakistan .
Jonquière railway station is located on rue St - Dominique in the Jonquière borough of Saguenay , Quebec , Canada .
Gomaran ( Armenian : Գոմարան ) is a village in the community of Geghanush , Syunik Province , Armenia .
Chestermere Lake is a man - made reservoir in Chestermere , Alberta , Canada .
Taqanak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طاقانك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Tutow Solar Park is in Demmin , Germany , and is located at Tutow Airport .
Oum El Achar is a village in the commune of Tindouf , in Tindouf Province , Algeria , located at the base of a mountain pass .
Battle River Generating Station is a coal fired station owned by ATCO Power , located near Forestburg , Alberta , Canada .
Linwood House was built as the homestead for Joseph Brittan , who as surgeon , newspaper editor , and provincial councillor , was one of the dominant figures in early Christchurch , New Zealand .
Arana College is a residential college of the University of Otago in Dunedin , New Zealand , founded in 1943 by the Rev. William Turner and the Stuart Residence Halls Council .
JAGS McCartney International Airport ( IATA : GDT , ICAO : MBGT ) , also known as Grand Turk International Airport , is an airport located one mile south of Cockburn Town on Grand Turk Island in the Turks and Caicos Islands , an overseas territory of the United Kingdom .
Russel Metals Inc. ( TSX : RUS ) is one of the largest North American suppliers of metal products , with operations across Canada and the United States .
Agigea ( Romanian pronunciation : ( aˈd͡ʒid͡ʒe̯a ) ; Turkish : Acıçay , Greek : Aghikos ) is a commune in Constanţa County , Romania .
Mahvarmilani District ( Persian : بخش ماهورمیلانی‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bhandaria Government College ( Bengali : ভান্ডারিয়া সরকারি কলেজ ' ) , located in Bhandaria , is one of renowned college of southern Bangladesh .
Mount Baker Secondary School is the only public high school in Cranbrook , British Columbia , Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Khanlar ( Persian : مزرعه خانلار‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Khānlār ) is a village in Ojarud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 67 , in 13 families .
Shah - e Badagh ( Persian : شاه بداغ‎ , also Romanized as Shāh - e Badāgh ) is a village in Najmabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Tenkodogo is the capital city of Boulgou Province and Centre - Est Region in Burkina Faso with a population of 48,534 ( 2012 ) .
Calvin Park Public School is a school for grade 7 and 8 students located in the same building as Loyalist Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( LCVI ) , at 153 Van Order Drive in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Xəlfəkücə ( also , Xəlifəkücə , Xəlfəküçə , and Khalfakyudzha ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
CIIT - DT , UHF channel 35 , is a religious television station located in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Tall Milak ( Persian : تل ميلك‎ , also Romanized as Tall Mīlak and Tal - e Mīlak ) is a village in Somghan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kolbuszowa Dolna ( kɔlbuˈʂɔva ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mulan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مولان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ab Jahan ( Persian : ابجهان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Jahān and Āb - e Jahān ; also known as Ab - e Sahān ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jowzan - e Nuki ( Persian : جوزان نوكي‎ , also Romanized as Jowzān - e Nūkī , Jauzān - i - Nūki , and Jowzān Nowkī ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Al Shindagha ( Arabic : الشندغة‎ ) , sometimes spelled Al Shindagah or Al Shindaga , is a neighbourhood in the traditional centre of the city of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates .
McMaster University Library is the academic library system for the faculties of Humanities , Social Sciences , Engineering , Science , as well as the Michael DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
ViaMichelin services are now available in the United Kingdom ( 02 ) , France ( Bouygues Telecom ) , Italy ( Wind ) , Spain ( Telefónica ) , Germany ( E - Plus ) , Holland ( Base ) and Belgium via the i - mode portal .
Kocul is a village in the Vlorë County in southern Albania .
Choszczno ( ˈxɔʂt͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Arnswalde ) is a town ( population around 16,173 ) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Spirit of Burgas is a summer music festival in the city of Burgas , on the Black Sea coast of Bulgaria .
The Auto & Technik Museum Sinsheim is a technology museum in Sinsheim , Germany .
Aygünlü ( also , Aygyunli , Gonchi , and Mollakamalli ) is a village and municipality in the Shabran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Khuri Chhoti is a small Village / hamlet in Laxmangarh Tehsil in Sikar District of Rajasthan State , India .
Buky ( Ukrainian : Буки ) is an urban - type settlement in Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The Sturt Street Gardens is a central reservation running along one of the main thoroughfares of Ballarat ( Victoria , Australia ) --
Hengill ( Icelandic , pronounced ( hɛɪŋcɪtl̥ ) ) volcano is situated in the southwest of Iceland , to the south of Þingvellir .
San Felice del Benaco is a comune in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy , northern Italy .
Busoga College Mwiri , commonly known as Busoga College , is a boarding secondary school ( grades 8 - 13 ) , in Uganda .
Arfons ( Arfons in Occitan ) is a commune of the Tarn department in southern France .
Medininkai ( Polish : Miedniki Królewskie ) is a village in Lithuania , located 26 km ( 16 mi ) from Vilnius and 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) from the Lithuanian--
Nehuenco II Power Plant or Nehuenco 2 is a natural gas electrical generating station in Quillota , Valparaíso Region , Chile .
Kukola is a district and a suburb of the city of Turku , in Finland .
Mount Balatukan is a massive compound stratovolcano in the southern island of Mindanao , Philippines .
The Lapau is located in Bandar Seri Begawan , across the Royal Regalia Building and the Brunei History Centre .
The Karaburun tragedy of 2004 , also known as the 9 January tragedy , was a marine incident that occurred during an attempted sea crossing from northern Albania to Italy by 36 people , including two dinghy operators and the smugglers ' leader .
Mazhnabad ( Persian : مژن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazhnābād , Majnābād , Mazhan Abad , and Mozhnābād ; also known as Mijnābād ) is a village in Bostan Rural District , Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Puerto Casado ( formerly known as La Victoria ) is one of the 4 districts in Alto Paraguay Department , Paraguay .
Sardoal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐɾðuˈaɫ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Santarém in Portugal .
The Manpower Services Commission ( MSC ) was a non - departmental public body of the Department of Employment Group in the United Kingdom created by Edward Heath 's Conservative Government in 1973 .
Dora Nginza Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital , situated on Spondo Street in Zwide township of Port Elizabeth in South Africa .
The Schlern ( Italian : Sciliar , Ladin : Sciliër ) ( 2,563 m ) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Frodeåsen is a hill just north of the town center of Tønsberg , Norway .
Sirkazhi block is a revenue block in Sirkazhi taluk of Nagapattinam district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Lac Saint - Jean is a large , relatively shallow lake in south - central Quebec , Canada , in the Laurentian Highlands .
Meyn ( Danish : Meden ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Surur is a village located in Wai taluka at Satara District , Maharashtra , India .
Mont Avic is a mountain in the Graian Alps , in the Aosta Valley , north - western Italy .
Bonabéri is a port in the Littoral Province of Cameroon .
Kamineh ( Persian : كميه‎ , also Romanized as Kamīneh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Schiesser AG is one of the world 's largest producers of underwear and lingerie headquartered in Radolfzell , Germany .
Sri Manakula Vinayagar Engineering College(SMVEC ) is an engineering college in Pondicherry , Puducherry union territory , India .
The Ijafene is a highland area of the Sahara Desert in eastern Mauritania .
Lake Te Anau is in the southwestern corner of the South Island of New Zealand .
Chopok ( 2,024 m ) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range ( just after the neighboring Ďumbier and Štiavnica mountains ) in central Slovakia .
New Belgrade ( Serbian : Нови Београд / Novi Beograd , pronounced ( nôʋiː beǒɡrad ) ) is one of 17 city municipalities that constitutes the City of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Śladków Mały ( ˈɕlatkuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Southward Car Museum is an automobile museum housing a collection of over 250 vehicles , as well as three aircraft , located on Otaihanga Road , Otaihanga , just north of Paraparaumu on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Arlberg is a mountain range or massif between Vorarlberg and Tyrol in Austria .
Talassemtane National Park is a national park in the Rif region of Northern Morocco .
Jalawla ( Arabic : جلولاء‎ , also known as Celevla , or mistranslated as Jalula ) is a town in Diyala Governorate , Iraq .
The Opéra Royal de Wallonie ( Royal Opera of Wallonia ) is an opera house in Liège , Belgium , one of four situated in that country .
Snowshill Manor is a National Trust property located in the village of Snowshill , Gloucestershire , United Kingdom .
The Hanken School of Economics ( Swedish : Svenska handelshögskolan , `` Hanken '' ) is a triple accredited Finnish business school located in Helsinki and Vasa , Finland .
Rapsommati ( Greek : Ραψομμάτη , also Ραψομμάτης - Rapsommatis ) is a village within the municipality of Megalopoli in the western part of Arcadia , Greece .
Forest Hill Vineyard ( also referred to as Forest Hill Wines ) is an Australian winery business based in the Great Southern wine region of Western Australia .
Espadaña is a sparsely populated village and municipality in the province of Salamanca , western Spain , part of the autonomous community of Castile - Leon .
Achill Island ( /ˈækəl/ ; Irish : Acaill , Oileán Acla ) in County Mayo is the largest island off the coast of Ireland , and is situated off the west coast .
Kyoto Institute of Technology ( 京都工芸繊維大学 , Kyōto Kōgei Sen'i Daigaku ) in Kyoto , Japan is a Japanese national university established in 1949 .
The King 's Hospital is a Church of Ireland co - educational fee - paying boarding and day school situated in Palmerstown , Dublin , Ireland .
Focșani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( fokˈʃanʲ ) ; German : Fokschan ; Hungarian : Foksány ; Turkish : Fokşan ) is the capital city of Vrancea County in Romania on the shores the Milcov River , in the historical region of Moldavia .
Afshjerd ( Persian : افشجرد‎ ; also known as Āb Shegerd and Afshījerd ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Siege of La Rochelle ( French : Le Siège de La Rochelle , or sometimes Le Grand Siège de La Rochelle ) was a result of a war between the French royal forces of Louis XIII of France and the Huguenots of La Rochelle in 1627 - -28 .
Wahgunyah Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of South Australia about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) west of the town of Fowlers Bay .
Remedios District ( Spanish pronunciation : ( reˈmeðjos ) ) is a district ( distrito ) of Chiriquí Province in Panama .
Dharmasthala is an Indian temple town on the banks of the Nethravathi River in the Belthangadi taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka , India .
Hône is a town and comune ( population 1,146 ) in the Aosta Valley region of north - western Italy .
The Lilla Vilunda runestones are three Viking Age memorial runestones that were erected by members of the same family and which are located at Lilla Vilunda ( also known as Stallgatan ) in Upplands Väsby , Stockholm County , Sweden , and in the historic province of Uppland .
Mohri Pur is a small town situated in tehsil Kabirwala in District Khanewal , Pakistan .
Skithegga is a small river running out of lake Gjellum in Norway , .
Verkhneyarkeyevo ( Russian : Верхнеяркеево ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Ilishevsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
The Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation was created in 1962 as Sweden 's national memorial to Dag Hammarskjöld , Secretary General of the United Nations from 1953 until his death in a plane crash on a mission to the Congo .
The Otłoczyn railway accident ( Polish : Katastrofa kolejowa pod Otłoczynem ) was a train wreck which occurred on August 19 , 1980 , near the village of Otłoczyn ( Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , northern Poland ) .
The Universal College of Learning ( UCOL ) is a New Zealand Government TEI ( Polytechnic ) located primarily in Palmerston North but has campuses also in the other parts of the lower North Island .
Stone Town , also known as Mji Mkongwe ( Swahili for `` old town '' ) , is the old part of Zanzibar City , the main city of Zanzibar , in Tanzania .
Guraini ( Urdu : گورینی‎ , Hindi : गुरैनी ) is a town near Kheta Sarai in Jaunpur District in Uttar Pradesh state of India .
Kociołek Szlachecki ( kɔˈt͡ɕɔwɛk ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ) ( German : Adlig Kessel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Battle of Montemaggiore ( or Monte Maggiore ) was fought on 4 May 1041 , on the river Ofanto near Cannae in Byzantine Italy , between Lombard - Norman rebel forces and the Byzantine Empire .
Skanderbeg Square ( Albanian : Sheshi Skënderbej ) is the main plaza of Tirana , Albania named in 1968 after the Albanian national hero Skanderbeg .
Geography of West Bengal , a state in eastern India , is diverse , of high peaks of Himalaya in the northern extremes to coastal regions down south , with regions such as plateau and Ganges delta intervening in between .
Ostojićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Остојићево ) is a village in Serbia .
Fuling North Railway Station is a railway station located in Chongqing City , People 's Republic of China , on the Yuli Railway which operated by Ministry of Railways of the PRC .
Naujene Parish ( Latvian : Naujenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils Municipality , Latvia .
The Bellarine Rail Trail is a 32 km walking and cycling track on the Bellarine Peninsula , in Victoria , Australia , that follows the route of the former South Geelong to Queenscliff branch line .
Cerenzia is a comune and town with a population of 1000 people in the province of Crotone , in Calabria , Italy .
The 2012 European Cross Country Championships was the 19th edition of the cross country running competition for European athletes which was held in Szentendre , Hungary on 9 December .
Glów ( ɡluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Ballygunge ( Bengali : বালিগঞ্জ ) is a locality in South Kolkata , India .
Mondim de Basto ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mõˈdĩ dɨ ˈβaʃtu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Vila Real in Portugal .
The CFP franc ( called the franc in everyday use ) is the currency used in the French overseas collectivities ( collectivités d’outre - mer , or COM ) of French Polynesia , New Caledonia and Wallis and Futuna .
Kostroma Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Кострома ) ( IATA : KMW , ICAO : UUBA ) is an airport in Russia located 6 km northeast of Kostroma .
Petrila Coal Mine is an underground mining exploitation , one of the largest in Romania located in Petrila , one of six cities in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County .
Zaviyeh Khersan ( Persian : زاويه خرسان‎ , also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Khersān and Zāveyeh Khersān ) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yankari National Park is a large wildlife park located in the south - central part of Bauchi State , in northeastern Nigeria .
Mazraeh - ye Mishi ( Persian : مزرعه ميشي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mīshī ; also known as Mīshī and Pīr Mīshī ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 14 , in 4 families .
The CEFC was established under the Clean Energy Finance Corporation Bill 2012 , which passed through the Parliament of Australia on the 22 July 2012 .
Hollybush is a residential area of Malpas within the city of Newport , South Wales , United Kingdom .
Chew Valley Lake ( grid reference ST5659 ) is a large reservoir in the Chew Valley , Somerset , England , and the fifth - largest artificial lake in the United Kingdom ( the largest in south - west England ) , with an area of 1,200 acres ( 4.9 km² ) .
Janmarg , also known as Ahmedabad BRTS , is a bus rapid transit in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Lake Martignano ( Italian : Lago di Martignano ) , is a small lake in Lazio , Italy 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) north - north - west of Rome , in an extinct crater or maar .
As of 2014 India census , Mecheri holding a population of 1,37,020 as per latest survey .
Kakinada ( urban ) mandal is one of the 59 mandals in East Godavari district of the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Joseph Chamberlain Sixth Form College is one of twenty universities and colleges across the United Kingdom to receive The Queen 's Anniversary Prize for Higher and Further Education .
The People 's Conscience Party ( Indonesian : Partai Hati Nurani Rakyat , Partai Hanura ) is a political party in Indonesia .
The Château de Domecy - sur - le - Vault is a château located in Domecy - sur - le - Vault close to Sermizelles in the Yonne department in Burgundy , north - central France .
Złotniki Lubańskie ( zwɔtˈniki luˈbaɲskʲɛ ) ( German : Goldentraum ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna , within Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Uddevalla Bridge ( Swedish : Uddevallabron ) is a cable - stayed bridge crossing Sunninge sound near Uddevalla in the province of Bohuslän on the west coast of Sweden .
The Château de Gannat is a castle , now a museum known as Museum Yves Machelon , in the town of Gannat in the Allier département of France .
The Komunarskyi District ( Ukrainian : Комунарський район , Komunars'kyi raion ) is one of seven administrative urban districts ( raions ) of the city of Zaporizhia , located in southern Ukraine .
Zgornje Laze ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Hedeby Viking Museum ( German : Wikinger Museum Haithabu ) is a museum near the site of Hedeby , a former medieval city in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany focusing on the Viking Age history of the region .
Moarves de Ojeda is a town belonging to the municipality of Olmos de Ojeda in the province of Palencia ( Castile & León , Spain ) .
Puszczyków ( puʂˈt͡ʂɨkuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Prostějov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈproscɛjof ) ; German : Proßnitz ) is a city in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic , in the historical region of Moravia .
In 1790 , France suppressed the historical provinces , including Labourd , incorporating them into the newly created département of Basses - Pyrénées , together with Béarn .
The German Avenue Road ( German : Deutsche Alleenstraße ) is a tree - lined holiday route that runs the length of Germany from the Baltic Sea to Lake Constance .
Westende is a town in Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium , and in the Flemish province of West - Flanders .
Lake Natron is a salt and soda lake in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania .
Via Condotti ( officially Via dei Condotti ) is a busy and fashionable street of Rome , Italy .
Kaylaka ( Bulgarian : Кайлъка ) is a large park and protected area south of Pleven , Bulgaria , situated in a Karst valley .
The Miss Belgian Beauty contest is the second - largest beauty pageant ( after Miss Exclusive ) in Belgium .
Naqareh - ye Naveh Kesh ( Persian : نقاره ناوه كش‎ , also Romanized as Naqāreh - ye Nāveh Kesh and Naqāreh - ye Nāveh Kash ; also known as Nākura , Naqāreh , and Naqqareh ) is a village in Shurab Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Zunyi ( simplified Chinese : 遵义 ; traditional Chinese : 遵義 ; pinyin : Zūnyì ) is a prefecture - level city in northern Guizhou province , People 's Republic of China , situated between the provincial capital Guiyang to the south and Chongqing to the north , also bordering Sichuan to the northwest .
Waimatuku is a small Southland , New Zealand farming community on the Southern Scenic Route , on New Zealand State Highway 99 between Invercargill and Riverton .
DGI - byen is a facility that houses various spa facilities , restaurants , hotels , conference facilities , a bowling alley , flexible multi - centres , sports clubs , a superellipse shaped swimming pool and Vandkulturhuset , ( Danish for `` Water Culture House '' ) , located in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Eriyodu ( or Eriodu ) is a panchayat town in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Waytani ( Aymara wayta headdress made of feathers or flowers , -ni , a suffix to indicate ownership , ' the one with the decoration on the head ' , hispanicized spelling Huaytane ) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,430 metres ( 17,815 ft ) high .
Brzozowy Ług ( bʐɔˈzɔvɨ ˈwuk ) ( formerly German Johanneshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Wobbies World was an amusement park which operated from about 1970 to the late 1990s in the Melbourne suburb of Vermont South , Australia .
The Cremorne Theatre was a theatre in South Brisbane ( now part of South Bank ) , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia that operated from 1911 to 1954 .
Mëshqerrë ( in local Gheg dialect Mshqerrë , definite form Mshqerra ) is a settlement in the former Gruemirë municipality , Shkodër County , northern Albania .
Jokkmokk ( Lule Sámi : Jåhkåmåhkke or Dálvvadis ; Northern Sámi : Dálvvadis ; Finnish : Jokimukka ) is a locality and the seat of Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County , province of Lapland , Sweden with 2,786 inhabitants in 2010 .
Nehusha ( Hebrew : נְחוּשָׁה , lit . Steadfast ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Isla Grande is a small island and corregimiento in Portobelo District , Colón Province , Panama , off the Caribbean coast .
Boscean is a hamlet on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , approximately half - a - mile northwest of St Just .
The Internationale Niedersachsen - Rundfahrt is a multi - stage road bicycle race held in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Ghardaïa ( Arabic : غرداية , Mzab - Berber : Ɣerdayt , Taɣerdayt , ⵜⴰⵖⴻⵔⴷⴰⵢⵜ ) is the capital city of Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
Dolenja Vas pri Polici ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi pɔˈliːtsi ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Polici , German : Niederdorf ) is a small settlement north of Polica in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Placencja ( plaˈt͡sɛnt͡sja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Radzieszyn ( raˈd͡ʑeʂɨn ) ( German : Ziegelhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The National Development Policy is introduced by YAB Dato ' Seri Dr. Mahathir Mohamad , the then Prime Minister of Malaysia intended to enhance the welfare of the Malaysia comparing to the world .
Myndaba ( Russian : Мындаба ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Myuryunsky Rural Okrug of Ust - Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 3 kilometers ( 1.9 mi ) from Borogontsy , the administrative center of the district and the administrative center of the rural okrug .
Isola dei Pescatori ( meaning Fishermen 's Island ) is an island in Lake Maggiore in northern Italy .
Angelim ( Angelinne ) is a municipality / city in the state of Pernambuco in Brazil .
Ar Rabahiyah is a town in the Amman Governorate of northern Jordan .
The Vasil Levski National Military University ( Bulgarian : Национален военен университет `` Васил Левски '' , Natsionalen voenen universitet `` Vasil Levski '' ) is Bulgaria 's national military academy .
The Darkest of the Hillside Thickets is a rock band from Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
The Swiss National Park ( German : Schweizerischer Nationalpark ; French : Parc National Suisse ; Italian : Parco Nazionale Svizzero ; Romansh : Parc Naziunal Svizzer ) is located in the Western Rhaetian Alps , in eastern Switzerland .
The Basswood River is a river that forms part of the Canada--
Århus Statsgymnasium is a school of secondary education and a Danish Gymnasium in the neighborhood Åbyhøj in Aarhus , Denmark .
Darbekeh ( Persian : دربكه‎ , also Romanized as Darbakeh , Derbekeh , and Derebkeh ; also known as Darībekeh , Derīkeh , and Dripka ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Schaaken Castle is a ruined castle originally built for the Teutonic Knights , in Nekrasovo , Kaliningrad oblast , Russia ( until 1945 Liska - Schaaken in East Prussia ) .
Kroondal is a village situated in North West Province of South Africa with a large German speaking community .
Marajó ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈiʎɐ dʒi maɾaˈʒɔ ) ) is an island located at the mouth of the Amazon River in Brazil .
Młynica ( mwɨˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Mellendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hanyoung Foreign Language High School ( Hangeul : 한영외국어고등학교 , Hanja : 漢榮外國語高等學校 ) is a selective private high school in southeast Seoul , South Korea .
La Cala de Mijas ( English : Mijas Bay ) forms part of the Municipality of Mijas in the province of Málaga , Andalusia , southern Spain .
The Great Temple of the Aten ( or the pr - Jtn , House of the Aten ) was located in the city of el - Amarna , Egypt , and was the main temple for the worship of the god Aten during the reign of Akhenaten ( c. 1353 - 1336 BCE ) .
Kuş Island ( Turkish : Kuş Adası , literally `` Bird Island '' ) or Arter Island ( Armenian : Արտեր Arter ) , is a small island in Lake Van , Turkey .
Bonkuy - e Bagdali ( Persian : بنكوي بگدلي‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e Bagdalī ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
Samson Road is a major east - west street in Caloocan , northern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Megarine ( Arabic : اﻟﻤﻘﺎرﻳﻦ‎ ) is a town and commune in Ouargla Province , Algeria , located just north of the city of Touggourt .
Gurholi ( गुरोळी ) is a village in Purandar Taluka , India , with an economy based mainly on agriculture where fruits such as figs , custard apples , and pomegranates are produced .
Left Recomposition ( ARisteri ANasynthesi or ARAN ) is an organization of the anti - capitalist left in Greece , strongly influenced by Mao Zedong and Louis Althusser 's political philosophy .
Żerdno ( ˈʐɛrdnɔ ) ( German : Schneidemühl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pentecostal School ( simplified Chinese : 五旬节中学 ; traditional Chinese : 五旬節中學 ; pinyin : Wǔxúnjié Zhōngxué ) is an Anglo - Chinese secondary school founded by the Kowloon Pentecostal Church in Hong Kong in 1973 .
Pragati - III Combined Cycle Power Plant is located at Bawana Delhi , India .
Skikda ( Arabic : سكيكدة ‎ ) is a city in north eastern Algeria and a port on the Gulf of Stora , the ancient Sinus Numidicus .
Avonside is an eastern suburb in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Sieroniowice ( ɕɛrɔɲɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Collector 's Hotels is a very local chain of hotels in the Old Town of Stockholm , Sweden , consisting of the hotels Lord Nelson , Lady Hamilton and Victory Hotel that started as a family business in 1973 .
The Alcide de Gasperi Building is a skyscraper in Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Tagus Estuary Natural Reserve ( Portuguese : Reserva Natural do Estuário do Tejo ) is a natural reserve in Portugal .
Tirana District ( Albanian : Rrethi i Tiranës ) was one of the 36 districts of Albania .
Grand - Lahou is a coastal town in southern Ivory Coast .
Session Road is the main thoroughfare of Baguio in the Philippines and is the main hub of what is called the Baguio Central Business District .
Ruurlo is a town and former municipality in the province of Gelderland in the eastern part of the Netherlands .
Correios De Timor - Leste ( CTL ) is the government agency which is responsible for providing postal services in East Timor .
Mount Khabarjina ( Georgian : ქაბარჯინა ) is a mountain and dormant volcano in the Caucasus of Georgia .
Thakra is a village situated in the Gujar Khan Tehsil of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Amos / Magny Airport ( IATA : YEY , ICAO : CYEY ) is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west of Amos , Quebec , Canada .
Islamic International Medical College ( abbreviated as IIMC ) , established in 1996 , is school of medicine affiliated with Riphah International University and located in Rawalpindi , Punjab , Pakistan .
Aguada de Baixo was a freguesia in Águeda Municipality , Aveiro District , Portugal .
The Provisional Legislative Council or the PLC ( Chinese : 臨時立法會 , frequently abbreviated to 臨立會 ) was the interim legislature of Hong Kong from 1997 to 1998 .
Malšice is a market town ( městys ) in Tábor District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Rabinówka ( rabiˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
El Tanque is a town and a municipality in the northwestern part of the island of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands , and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Spain .
Brekke Church ( Norwegian : Brekke kyrkje ) is a parish church in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Cheongnyangni 588 is a red light district in Seoul , South Korea near Cheongnyangni station .
Frizzell Hotsprings is a hot spring on the south bank of the Skeena River , northeast of Hotspring Point , near Prince Rupert , British Columbia , Canada .
The Grange P-12 College is a Prep to Year 12 government school located in the outer western suburb of Hoppers Crossing , Melbourne , Australia .
Portus Ganda is the yachting port of the city of Ghent in Belgium .
Tha Pla Duk ( Thai : ทาปลาดุก ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Tha District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand .
Kheyrud Kenar ( Persian : خيرودكنار‎ , also Romanized as Kheyrūd Kenār ; also known as Kheyr Rūd Kenār ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
XEFV - AM is a Regional Mexican radio station serving the border towns of Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , Mexico ( its city of license ) and El Paso , Texas , USA ( where it also maintains a sales office ) .
Abuye Meda is a mountain located near the city of Dessye in Ethiopia .
The National Taitung University ( NTTU ; Chinese : 國立臺東大學 ) is a national university in Taitung City , Taitung County , Taiwan .
Pune Cantonment , also known as Pune Camp , is a military cantonment located in Pune , Maharashtra in India .
Cheshmeh - ye Alucheh ( Persian : چشمه الوچه‎‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Alūcheh ) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Duvbo is an upper - middle - class residential area in Sundbyberg in suburban Stockholm , Sweden .
Marco Davison Bascur Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Marco Davison Bascur , ICAO : SCID ) is a public use airport located 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) north - northeast of Punto Arenas , Magallanes y Antártica Chilena , Chile .
Killa Rumi ( Quechua killa moon , rumi stone , `` moon stone '' , hispanicized spelling Quillarumi ) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru on a mountain of that name .
The Château de Noirmoutier is a castle on the Île de Noirmoutier in the Vendée département of France .
Dood Tsagaan Lake ( Mongolian : Доод Цагаан нуур : lit . `` lower white lake '' ) is a lake in northwestern Khövsgöl aimag , Mongolia , between the Tsagaannuur and Renchinlkhümbe sums .
Ocho Rios ( Spanish for `` Eight Rivers '' ) is a town in the parish of Saint Ann on the north coast of Jamaica .
Vinča ( Serbian : Винча , IPA : ( ʋîːntʃa ) ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
The Association of Galilée Valley communes ( French : Communauté de communes du Val de Galilée ) is a French administrative association of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine .
Consolidated Credit Union Place ( formerly known as the Summerside Wellness Centre ) is a multi purpose facility that opened in two stages in April 2006 in the City of Summerside , Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Kurakhove ( Ukrainian : Курахове , Russian : Курахово ) is a city in Marinka Raion of Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Dupljaja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дупљаја ) is a village in Serbia .
The Lille Metro ( French : Métro de Lille ) is a driverless metro located in Lille , France .
Tuggerah Lake , an intermittently open intermediate wave dominated barrier estuary that is part of the Tuggerah Lakes , is located within the Wyong Shire local government area in the Central Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kamieniczne ( kamʲɛˈɲit͡ʂnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Nanga Sago is a mountain situated 15 km North of Leh , capital of Ladakh in India .
Qubalı ( also , Kubaly ) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Eunsusa ( literally `` Silver Water Temple '' ) is a small Korean Buddhist Temple that sits at the base of Sutmaibong ( peak ) , or Elephant Rock , in the Maisan ( Horse Ear Mountain ) in Jinan County , North Jeolla Province , South Korea .
Dergajen ( or Derge Agen ) is a Tigrayan tabia ( municipality ) located 19 kilometers east of Kwiha , Ethiopia .
The Siruvani River is a river near Coimbatore , South India .
Pyriatyn ( Ukrainian : Пирятин ) is a city in Poltava Oblast , Ukraine .
Matakaoa Ward is the most northern and eastern ward in the Gisborne District on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Murray Brook Mine is a VMS deposit in the Bathurst Mining Camp ( BMC ) of northern New Brunswick , Canada owned by NovaGold Resources .
The Calvana is a cattle breed from Tuscany , in central Italy .
`` Looking High , High , High '' is a song by British singer Bryan Johnson , that represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 , performed in English .
Tulum ( sometimes Tulum Pueblo ) is the largest community in the municipality of Tulum , Quintana Roo , Mexico .
Runiz - e Sofla ( Persian : رونيزسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Rūnīz - e Soflá ; also known as Deh - e Pā’īn , Deh Pāīn , Rownīz - e Pā’īn , and Rūnīz - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Runiz Rural District , Runiz District , Estahban County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Municipal Library of Porto ( Biblioteca Pública Municipal do Porto ) is a library located in the city of Porto in Portugal .
Pabradė ( pronunciation ) is a city in Lithuania , in Švenčionys district municipality , on Žeimena river , 38 km south - west of Švenčionys .
The Mahas are a sub - group of the Nubian people located in Sudan along the banks of the Nile .
The Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic ( Kazakh SSR or KSSR ; Kazakh : Қазақ Кеңестік Социалистік Республикасы , Qazaq Keñestik Socïalïstik Respwblïkası ; Russian : Казахская Советская Социалистическая Республика , Kazakhskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika ) was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union .
Ivanava District is an administrative subdivision , a raion of Brest Voblast , in Belarus .
Jalalabad Airport ( IATA : JAA , ICAO : OAJL ) is located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of Jalalabad city in Afghanistan .
The Port Stephens Examiner is a weekly newspaper published in Raymond Terrace , New South Wales , Australia since 1893 .
Scar Creek Airport ( TC LID : CBA7 ) was a small general aviation airport located near Scar Creek , British Columbia , Canada .
Molaoi ( Greek : Μολάοι ) is a town and a former municipality in Laconia , Peloponnese , Greece .
The Pulvermuhl Viaduct ( Biisser Bréck in Luxemburgish ) is a two - lane railway viaduct in Pulvermuhl in eastern Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Eskifjörður ( in original Icelandic spelling ) , or also Eskifjördur , is a town and port in eastern Iceland with a large fishing industry .
Sari Ojaq ( Persian : ساري اجاق‎ , also Romanized as Sārī Ojāq ; also known as Sheykh ʿAskar ) is a village in Avajiq - e Shomali Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bolkesjø is a lake , village and resort in Notodden municipality , Norway .
Ambaliyadda ( 7 ° 1'N 80 ° 54'E ) is a village in Sri Lanka .
The League of Jewish Women ( LJW ) is a voluntary Jewish women 's service organisation in the United Kingdom .
Golmayo is municipality in Spain , located in the province of Soria , in the autonomous community of Castile - Leon , Spain .
Chojeniec - Kolonia ( xɔˈjɛɲɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Turks and Caicos National Museum is the national museum of the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Lej Minor is a mountain lake in the Val Minor of the canton of Grisons , Switzerland .
Velika Dolina ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈdoːlina ) ; German : Großdolina ) ( literally , ' big valley ' ) is a village in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Managua ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈnaɣwa ) ) is the capital city of Nicaragua as well as of the department of the same name .
Curio Bay is a coastal embayment in the Southland District of New Zealand , best known as the site of a petrified forest some 180 million years old .
Punt Kanon is a point at the extreme southeast of the Caribbean island of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles .
The Upukerora River is a river in New Zealand , flowing into Lake Te Anau north of Te Anau township .
The Jacuí River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒakuˈi ) ) is a river in Rio Grande do Sul state of southern Brazil .
It is also a site of literary interest since Luigi Capuana , one of Italy 's most famous writers in the 19th and early 20th centuries , hailed from Mineo and was at one time the town 's mayor .
The Adam Park Guild House is located at Adam Park Estate is a historic house at the National University of Singapore .
Životice u Nového Jičína is a village and municipality in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic .
Mahpahkum Indian Reserve No . 4 , officially Mahpahkum 4 , is an Indian reserve at the northwest end of Deserters Island in the Deserters Group of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Zorgvliet ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈzɔrxflit ) ) is a neighbourhood in the Scheveningen district of The Hague , Netherlands .
Fuenlabrada ( Spanish pronunciation : ( fwenlaˈβɾaða ) ) is a city and municipality located in the Madrid Metropolitan Area , in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
Orillia Transit is operated by First Student Canada ( formerly Laidlaw School Transit ) under contract to the City of Orillia in central Ontario , Canada .
The Ufa Plateau ( Russian : Уфимское Плато , Ufimskoye Plato ) is a plateau where the city of Ufa is located in Bashkortostan and Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia .
Bistritsa Babi ( Bulgarian : Бистришките баби , `` The Bistritsa Grannies '' ) are an elderly / multi - generational female vocal ensemble carrying on the traditional dances and polyphonic singing of the Shopluk region of Bulgaria .
The Central African Armed Forces ( French : Forces armées centrafricaines ( FACA ) ) are the armed forces of the Central African Republic , established after independence in 1960 .
Simitli ( Bulgarian : Симитли ) also known as Simitliya ( Bulgarian : Симитлия ) , is a small city in Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria .
Tangaroa College is a state coeducational secondary school catering for years 9 - 13 in Ōtara , Auckland , New Zealand .
Sialkot ( Punjabi , Urdu : سيالكوٹ‎ ) is a city in , and the administrative headquarters for , Sialkot District , located in the northeast of the Punjab , Pakistan .
Bare Creek , a watercourse that is part of the Middle Harbour catchment of Sydney Harbour , is located in the northern beaches region of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Taksim Stadium ( Turkish : Taksim Stadı ) was the first football stadium in Istanbul , Turkey .
The Bischheim Musée du bain rituel juif ( Jewish ritual bath museum of Bischheim ) is a museum in Bischheim , France , in which Jewish bathing rituals were practiced , now recognized as a historical monument in France .
Poręba Średnia ( pɔˈrɛmba ˈɕrɛdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Klimkowo ( klʲimˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Húnavatnshreppur is a rural municipality located in north - western Iceland .
Interlaken Airport ( ICAO : LSMI ) is a former military airbase in Interlaken , Switzerland .
Booti Booti National Park is a national park in New South Wales , Australia , 282 kilometres ( 175 mi ) , by road , north - north - east of Sydney .
Chellala ( Arabic : شلالة , lit . waterfall ) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province , Algeria .
Akhmat Tower is a supertall skyscraper proposed in Grozny , Russia .
Jereslavec ( pronounced ( jɛɾɛˈslaːʋəts ) ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Seznam.cz ( or just Seznam , which means directory in English ) is a web portal and search engine in the Czech Republic .
Prince Alfred College ( also referred to as PAC , Princes , and in sporting circles , The Reds ) is a private independent , day and boarding school for boys , located on Dequetteville Terrace , Kent Town - near the centre of Adelaide , South Australia .
The Mount Bozdağ ( Azerbaijani : Bozdağ dağı ) is a mountain in Greater Caucasus near Mingechevir city , Azerbaijan .
Gerd Gavabar ( Persian : گردگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Gerd Gavābar and Gerd Gavāber ; also known as Gerehgoabar ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tepalcatepec is a town in Michoacán , Mexico , located north of Canollita .
Solur Bazar ( Persian : سلوربازار‎ , also Romanized as Solūr Bāzār ; also known as Sowlūr Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
From the 2010 National Census , Seberang Perai has a population of 815,767 , the second most populous local government area in Malaysia .
Castel Sant'Elia is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Viterbo , Latium , central Italy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Rome and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southeast of Viterbo .
Isortoq Heliport ( IATA : IOQ , ICAO : BGIS ) is a heliport in Isortoq , a village in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland .
Zákupy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzaːkupɪ ) ; German : Reichstadt ) is a town of the Česká Lípa District , in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Qarchak ( Persian : قرچک‎ ; also known as Qareh Chak ) is a city in and the capital of Qarchak County , in Tehran Province , Iran .
There was a cult gossain in the central India and one of the descendant of the followers of this cult Himmat Bahadur Gossain who actively took part in Indian freedom struggle was born in Kulpahar and Kulpahar had connection with this cult since the origin of the cult .
Sural ( Persian : سورال‎ , also Romanized as Sūrāl ; also known as Surhāl ) is a village in Sis Rural District , Bolbanabad District , Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kashkarantsy ( Russian : Кашкаранцы ) is the rural locality ( a Selo ) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
The Trifinio biosphere reserve is located where El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras meet their border , thus the prefix tri in its name .
Rai Bahadur ( also Rao Bahadur in South India ) , abbreviated R.B. , was a title of honour bestowed during British rule in India to individuals for their service to the Empire .
Osięciny ( ɔɕenˈt͡ɕinɨ ) ( German : Ossenholz , Yiddish : אשענטשין‎ ) is a village in Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
White Sands Shopping Centre ( Chinese : 白沙购物中心 ) is a shopping mall in Pasir Ris , Singapore next to Pasir Ris MRT as well as the Pasir Ris Bus Interchange .
Akhandalamani Temple at Aradi village , Odisha , India , is dedicated to Lord Siva .
Agropolis Fondation , extended name `` Montpellier Agricultural Sciences and Sustainable Development '' was created in France on Feb. 21st , 2007 by the three initial founding institutions INRA , CIRAD , and Montpellier SupAgro .
Moulton War Memorial stands in Main Road , Moulton , Cheshire , England .
The Basque Parliament ( Basque : Eusko Legebiltzarra , Spanish : Parlamento Vasco ) is the legislative body of the Basque Autonomous Community of Spain and the elected assembly to which the Basque Government is responsible .
Dołżyn ( ˈdɔu̯ʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mezhyrich ( Ukrainian : Межиріч , also referred to as Mezhirich ) is a village ( selo ) in central Ukraine .
Bombetoka Bay is a bay on the northwestern coast of Madagascar near the city of Mahajanga , where the Betsiboka River flows into the Mozambique Channel .
The International Rally of Queensland , known previously as Rally Queensland , is a rally racing event held in the Gympie Region of Queensland , Australia run by the Brisbane Sporting Car Club .
Yunlin County ( Chinese : 雲林縣 ; pinyin : Yúnlín Xiàn ) is a county in western Taiwan .
Oshnuzang ( Persian : اشنوزنگ‎ , also Romanized as Oshnūzang and Oshnuzeng ; also known as Oshnūrang and Shenow Zang ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nightcliff Primary School is one of the oldest primary schools in Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Nett also written as Net , is one of the administrative divisions of Pohnpei State , Federated States of Micronesia .
Fornos de Algodres ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfɔɾnuʒ ðɨ ɐɫˈɣoðɾɨʃ ) ) is a municipality and a town in Portugal .
The Bin Qasim Industrial Zone is one of the largest industrial areas in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Mahalakshmi Layout is a suburb in north - west Bengaluru , India .
Dera Ismail Khan Tehsil is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Dera Ismail Khan District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Ławsk ( wafsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Garfield Sobers Gymnasium ( or occasionally the `` Wildey Gym '' ) is one of the main government - owned indoor sporting facilities located in the country of Barbados .
Fera Airport is an airport on Fera Island in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : FRE , ICAO : AGGF ) .
Conches - sur - Gondoire ( pronounced : ( kɔ̃ːʃ syʁ ɡɔ̃dwaːʁ ) ) is a commune on the Gondoire river in Brie , in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Paunoviči ( pronounced ( ˈpaːunɔʋitʃi ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Savo Railway Museum ( Finnish : Savon Radan Museo ) is a museum located in Pieksämäki , Finland .
Prevole ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːʋɔlɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Lombadan - e Pain ( Persian : لمبه دان پائين‎ , also Romanized as Lombadān - e Pā’īn ; also known as Lombadān , Lombadān - e Soflá , Lompehdān , and Lompehdān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Caloocan National Science and Technology High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Paaralang Pang - Agham at Teknolohiyang Pambansa ng Caloocan ) colloquially known as CNSTHS or CalNatSci is a specialized public high school in the Philippines .
Strandby is a coastal town in Denmark , located in Region Nordjylland .
Gull Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CJK5 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Gull Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Greek National Road 81 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 81 , abbreviated as EO81 ) is a single carriageway road in Attica , Greece .
( Er . ) Dharmendra yadav As of 2001 India census , Itaura had a population of 19,455 .
Salah Chin ( Persian : سلح چين‎ , also Romanized as Salaḩ Chīn ; also known as Sang Būr and Sankbor ) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
José Celestino Mutis Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto José Celestino Mutis ) ( IATA : BSC , ICAO : SKBS ) is an airport serving Bahía Solano , a municipality of the Chocó Department in Colombia .
Bufkan ( Persian : بوفكان‎ , also Romanized as Būfkān ; also known as Būkān ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Brummana High School ( BHS , Arabic : مدرسة برمانا الثانوية‎ ) is a private secondary school in Lebanon .
Hundested is a town with a population of 8,543 ( 1 January 2015 ) and a former municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region Hovedstaden in the northern part of the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in eastern Denmark .
During the summer of 2015 , a new scoreboard is being installed at the Air Canada Centre , and the old scoreboard will be installed at Ricoh Coliseum .
Irgalem ( Amharic : ይርጋለም ? ; also spelled Yrgalam , Yrgalem and Yrga Alem ; alternate names include Abosto , Dalle ) is a town in southern Ethiopia .
Oulun Suomalaisen Yhteiskoulun Lukio ( abbr . OSYK , English : Finnish Co - educational Lycée of Oulu ) is a Finnish - language upper secondary school in Oulu , Finland .
Pushkin Leningrad State University ( Russian : Ленинградский государственный университет имени А.С. Пушкина ) is a university in Russia , located in Pushkin , Saint Petersburg .
The Metrolink system is the only tram network in the United Kingdom to run multiple vehicles together and subsequently the M5000 can operate as either a single vehicle or coupled together to form a `` double '' unit .
Monte Settepani is a mountain in Liguria , northern Italy , part of the Ligurian Alps .
Nandigram Upazila ( Bengali : নন্দীগ্রাম উপজেলা ) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi , Bangladesh .
Silverstream Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving Silverstream in Upper Hutt , New Zealand .
Westmead Hospital is a major 975 bed tertiary hospital in Sydney , Australia , opened on 10 November 1978 by the then Premier , Neville Wran , and guest of honour was former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam .
Lac - à - la - Tortue Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CSU7 ) is located on Lac - à - la - Tortue , Quebec , Canada and is open from May until October .
The Wright Pulsar Gemini is a type of double - decker bus body built for VDL DB250 and used in the United Kingdom since 2003 .
Viveiro ( Galician pronunciation : ( biˈβejɾo ) ) is a town and municipality in the province of Lugo , in the northwestern Galician autonomous community of Spain .
Lalapanzi is a village in Midlands province in Zimbabwe .
Vanadzor State University named after Hovhannes Tumanyan ( VSU ) ( Armenian : Վանաձորի Հովհաննես Թումանյանի անվան Պետական Համալսարան ) is a university in Vanadzor , Lori Province , Armenia .
Gredina ( Cyrillic : Гредина ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tafila Technical University ( TTU ) ( Arabic جامعة الطفيلة التقنية ) , is a public university in Jordan .
Ravyan ( Persian : راويان‎ , also Romanized as Rāvyān and Rāvīyān ; also known as Rūyān ) is a village in Zeri Rural District , Qatur District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cheronge is a settlement in Kenya 's Central Province ( Swahili : Kati ) .
Jeongseon Alpine Centre ( 정선 알파인 경기장 ) is an alpine skiing area being developed in South Korea .
Sundarpur kathauli is a village , situated in Azamgarh district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Vasilsursk ( Russian : Васильсу́рск ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Vorotynsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the Sura River , not far from its fall into the Volga .
Darkush ( Arabic : دركوش‎ ; also spelled Darkoush or Derkush ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located northwest of Idlib along the Syrian--
The Taltal wind farm is a wind energy project under construction in northern Chile which when complete is expected to be the most productive wind farm in the country .
Los Cristianos is a town in Spain with a population of 20,506 ( 2015 ) , situated on the south coast of the Canary Island of Tenerife .
The Bördekreis was a district ( Kreis ) in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Popowo - Ignacewo ( pɔˈpɔvɔ iɡnaˈt͡sɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieleszyn , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Polysayevo ( Russian : Полыса́ево ) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Inya River 139 kilometers ( 86 mi ) south of Kemerovo .
Bombay High , also known as Mumbai High , is an offshore oilfield 162 kilometres ( 101 mi ) off the coast of Mumbai , India , in about 75 m of water .
Noodasjärv is a lake in Estonia 's Voru County .
Lugari District was one of the seventy - one districts of Kenya , located in that country 's Western Province .
Sekirišče ( in older sources also Sekiršče ) is a small settlement north of the road that leads from Rob to Krvava Peč in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Mengzhou ( Chinese : 孟州 ; pinyin : Mèngzhōu ) is a County - level city in Henan province , People 's Republic of China .
Qalatuyeh ( Persian : قلاتويه‎ , also Romanized as Qalātūyeh , Qalātū’īyeh , and Qalātūīyeh ; also known as Kalato and Kalātu ) is a village in Abshur Rural District , Forg District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Aboke is a town in northern Kole District , Uganda .
Çukurova ( Turkish pronunciation : ( tʃukuɾova ) ) , historically known as Cilicia , is a geo - cultural region in south - central Turkey , covering the provinces of Mersin , Adana , Osmaniye and Hatay .
Froleh ( pronounced ( ˈfɾoːlɛx ) ) is a road - side settlement in the Slovene Hills in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in northeastern Slovenia .
Monte d'Accoddi is an archaeological site in northern Sardinia , Italy , located in the territory of Sassari near Porto Torres .
Plače ( pronounced ( ˈplaːtʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mahbub Kandi ( Persian : محبوب كندي‎ , also Romanized as Maḩbūb Kandī ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Lake Seewen ( German : Seewener See ) is a former lake in Seewen , Canton of Solothurn , in Switzerland .
Plélo ( Breton : Pleuloc'h , Gallo : Pléloc ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Strategic Missile Troops or Strategic Rocket Forces of the Russian Federation or RVSN RF are a military branch of the Russian Armed Forces that controls Russia 's land - based intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) .
The Khan Khentii Strictly Protected Area is a 12,270 km2 ( 4,740 sq mi ) government administered Strictly Protected Area in the Khentii aimag ( province ) in Eastern Mongolia .
Tell Chuera is an ancient Near Eastern tell site in Ar Raqqah Governorate , northern Syria .
Oostende railway station ( IATA : ZGJ ) is located in Ostend in West Flanders , Belgium .
The East Klang Valley Expressway , EKVE is a new expressway under planning in Klang Valley , Malaysia .
Saint - Priest - Taurion ( Occitan : Sent Prech ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Flerzheim is a district of Rheinbach in the Rhein - Sieg - Kreis in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Aghal ( Urdu : اغال‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
In September 1942 the Gestapo established a labour camp in Großbeeren , where at least 1197 forced labourers from Belgium , Czechoslovakia , France , Poland , Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union were killed .
The Manly Golf Club is a golf club in Manly , New South Wales , Australia .
Plan de Sánchez is a village in the municipality of Rabinal , Baja Verapaz department , Guatemala .
In 1821 it was declared the first port of Mazatlán on Mexico 's Pacific coast .
The Vanj River is a river in east Tajikistan .
Corroios is a civil parish in the municipality of Seixal in the district of Setúbal , Portugal .
Hilweyne is a coastal town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Maranello is a town and comune in the region of Emilia - Romagna in Northern Italy , 18 km from Modena , with a population of 17,165 as of 2013 .
Bakop is a village on the south coast of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
The Comarca del Ebro is a comarca of the Province of Burgos in the autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Varzob District or Nohiyai Varzob ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Варзоб / Persian : ناحیۀ ورزاب‎ ) is a district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan , lying north of Dushanbe .
Fanshawe Lake is a popular rowing venue , hosting several regattas throughout the year , the lake is home to the London Training Centre for Canada 's women 's national rowing team , the University of Western Ontario 's rowing team and Western - Middlesex Rowing Club .
Ralam Glacier is one of the main Himalayan glaciers situated on the hills of Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India .
Zbulitów Mały ( zbuˈlituf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Queen Victoria Village , generally known as QV Melbourne or just QV , is a precinct in the central business district of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Tigr was chartered to tow the BOS 400 from Pointe - Noire in the Republic of Congo to Cape Town , South Africa .
Steenbecque ( Dutch : Steenbeke or Steenbeeke ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
China Bay railway station is a railway station in China Bay , near Trincomalee in eastern Sri Lanka .
Bagore - ki - Haveli is a haveli in Udaipur in Rajasthan state in India .
AMP Centre is a Sydney skyscraper located at 50 Bridge Street , Sydney NSW Australia .
The Farol da Ponta de São Lourenço is a lighthouse located on the islet of São Lourenço , marking the extreme east of Madeira island , Portugal .
Pengzhou ( Chinese : 彭州 ; pinyin : Péngzhōu ) , formerly Peng County or Pengxian , is a county - level city under the jurisdiction of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province , People 's Republic of China , some 19 km ( 11.81 mi ) northwest of Chengdu .
The Bolaman Castle ( Turkish : Bolaman Kalesi ) is a historic castle located at Bolaman town of Fatsa in Ordu Province , Turkey .
Zakojca ( pronounced ( zaˈkoːi̯tsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The FIFI Wild Cup was an alternative football World Cup held in summer 2006 in Germany .
Khaidarkan ( Kyrgyz : Айдаркен ; Russian : Хайдаркан or more recently Айдаркен ) is an urban - type settlement in Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Sardarpur was a British station in Central India during the British Raj , and was within the state of Gwalior .
Deh Khosrow ( Persian : ده خسرو‎ ; also known as Dāvūd Rashīd - e Khosrow , Dāvūd Rash , Dāvūd Rashīd , and Shahīd Rajā’ī ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Shire of Koorda is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 240 kilometres ( 150 mi ) northeast of Perth , the state capital .
Ahlat ( Armenian : Խլաթ , Khlat ; Ottoman Turkish : اخلاط ) , is a historic town and district in Turkey 's Bitlis Province in Eastern Anatolia Region .
Leśniowice ( lɛɕɲɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mount Kerinci ( also spelled Kerintji , among several other ways , and referred to as Gunung Kerinci , Gadang , Berapi Kurinci , Kerinchi , Korinci / Korintji , or Peak of Indrapura / Indrapoera ) is the highest volcano in Indonesia , and the highest peak on the island of Sumatra .
Zaramin - e Sofla ( Persian : زرامين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zarāmīn - e Soflá and Zaramin Sofla ; also known as Zaramin and Zarāmīn - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , Zarrin Dasht District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Po Leung Kuk Mrs. Ma Kam Ming - Cheung Fook Sien College ( Chinese : 保良局馬錦明夫人章馥仙中學 ) is a full - time grammar school situated in Tung Chung , Lantau , Hong Kong , beside Fu Tung Estate .
CEU San Pablo University ( Spanish : Universidad CEU San Pablo ) is a private , Catholic university established more than 75 years ago in Madrid and is today one of Spain 's most prestigious academic institutions consistently ranked among the top 5 private universities ( `` El Mundo Ranking '' ) .
Valani ( Persian : ولني‎ , also Romanized as Valanī ) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The National League for Democracy ( Burmese : အမျိုးသား ဒီမိုကရေစီ အဖွဲ့ချုပ် , IPA : ( ʔəmjóðá dìmòkəɹèsì ʔəpʰwḛdʑoʊʔ ) ; NLD ) is a democratic socialist and liberal democratic political party in Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Sulęcin ( suˈlɛnt͡ɕin ) ( German : Zielenzig ) is a town in western Poland with 10,638 inhabitants ( 2008 ) , the capital of Sulecin County , since 1999 in Lubusz Voivodeship .
Līksna is a village in Līksna parish , Daugavpils municipality in southeastern Latvia .
Dream World is an amusement park in Thanyaburi district , Pathum Thani province , Thailand .
Medevi brunn , is Scandinavia 's oldest spa , located on the eastern shore of Lake Vättern , in north - west Östergötland , Sweden .
Vétheuil is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
The National Ideal for Unity or NIU ( Natzionalen Ideal za Edinstvo ) ( Bulgarian : Национален идеал за единство ) , was a nationalist political party in Bulgaria .
Sipacapa is a municipality in the San Marcos department , situated in the Western highlands of Guatemala .
The Massif de l'Étoile ( Occitan : Montanha de l'Estela , French : massif de l'Étoile , i.e. `` Star Mountain '' , `` Star Massif '' ) is a little mountain range located north of Marseilles , in Occitania and in France .
Theewaterskloof Dam is an earth - fill type dam located on the Sonderend River near Villiersdorp , Western Cape , South Africa .
Naini Saini Airport also Known as Pithoragarh Airstrip is located in Pithoragarh , Uttarakhand , India .
Sistema Cantareira ( Cantareira system ) is a water supply system in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Gazdunuiyeh ( Persian : گزدونوييه‎ , also Romanized as Gazdūnūīyeh ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Strykhaliuky ( Ukrainian : Стрихалюки ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The square was named Mexikoplatz in 1956 , to honour the support Mexico gave to Austria in 1938 , when it was the only country to protest the Anschluss ( annexation ) of Austria by Nazi Germany .
Limoux ( French pronunciation : ​(limu ) ; Occitan : Limós ( liˈmus ) ) is a commune and subprefecture in the Aude department , a part of the ancient Languedoc province and the present - day Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
While the Light Lasts and Other Stories is a short story collection by Agatha Christie first published in the UK on 4 August 1997 by HarperCollins .
The Judgement of Cambyses is an oil on wood diptych by Dutch artist Gerard David , depicting the arrest and flaying of the corrupt Persian judge Sisamnes on the order of Cambyses , based on Herodotus 's Histories .
Angie Tribeca is an American comedy television series created by Steve Carell and Nancy Walls Carell .
Doctor Aybolit ( Russian : Доктор Айболит , Aibolit ) is a fictional character from the children 's poems Aybolit and Barmaley by Korney Chukovsky .
SportsCenter was conceived in 1979 , and created by ESPN executives Chet Simmons and Scotty Connal .
The Head of Christ , also called the Sallman Head , is a 1940 portrait painting of Jesus of Nazareth by American artist Warner Sallman ( 1892 - 1968 ) .
Pony und Knappe ( English : Pony and Knappe ) is an outdoor 1896 bronze sculpture by German sculptor Erdmann Encke , installed in Tiergarten in Berlin , Germany .
Latino sine flexione ( `` Latin without inflections '' ) , or Peano 's Interlingua ( abbreviated as IL ) , is an international auxiliary language invented by the Italian mathematician Giuseppe Peano ( 1858 - -1932 ) in 1903 .
Eros , Inside Eros ( 1986 ) is a bronze sculpture by Arman .
Sky Mirror is a public sculpture by artist Anish Kapoor .
The First Game is a painting by Arnold Friberg , and was commissioned in 1968 by Chevrolet Motor Division as one of four paintings to commemorate the then - upcoming centennial celebration of college football in the United States .
Mouk is an animated television series ( 62 x 11 ' ) produced by the French company Millimages , adapted from the work of Marc Boutavant , and directed by François Narboux .
The Clothed Maja ( Spanish : La maja vestida ) is a painting by the Spanish painter Francisco de Goya between 1800 and 1805 .
Balaam and the Ass is a 1626 painting by the Dutch artist Rembrandt , dating from his time in Leiden and now in the Musée Cognacq - Jay in Paris .
My Bed is a work by the British artist Tracey Emin .
Soleil dans le ciel de Saint - Paul ( French for `` Sun in the sky of Saint - Paul '' ) is a painting in oil on canvas , 73 × 115.5 cm , created in 1983 by Russian - French artist Marc Chagall .
The Search for the Funniest Mom in America , or simply Funniest Mom , is a six - part reality series that features a competition between ten female comedians who compete for $ 50,000 , the opportunity to develop her own show for Nick at Nite and host a special night of programming on the network .
Monkeys ( Chair ) is a sculpture by the American artist Jeff Koons ( 112 x 23 x 26 in ) .
Pingu is a British - Swiss stop - motion animated children 's comedy television series created by Otmar Gutmann and produced from 1986 to 2000 for Swiss television by Trickfilmstudio and The Pygos Group .
The Totteridge XI is an 1897 oil on canvas work by English painter Arthur Wardle .
A Polish Nobleman is a 1637 painting by Rembrandt depicting a man in a costume of either Polish szlachta or Eastern - European boyar nobility .
Dylan Hunt is the name of two fictional characters created for television by Gene Roddenberry .
So Long Sucker is a board game invented in 1950 by John Forbes Nash , Mel Hausner , Lloyd S. Shapley and Martin Shubik .
The Virgin of the Rocks ( sometimes the Madonna of the Rocks ) is the name used for two paintings by Leonardo da Vinci , of the same subject , and of a composition which is identical except for several significant details .
Sunbaker is a 1937 black - and - white photograph by Australian modernist photographer Max Dupain , depicting the head and shoulders of a man lying on a beach , taken from a low angle .
Two Crabs is an 1889 oil painting by Vincent van Gogh .
The Problem We All Live With is a 1964 painting by Norman Rockwell .
Rhein II is a photograph made by German visual artist Andreas Gursky in 1999 .
The Cortona Triptych is a depiction of the Madonna and Child with saints , by Fra Angelico now at the Diocesan Museum , Cortona , Italy .
Daphne and Chloe ( Spanish : Dafnis y Cloe ) is a painting by award - winning Filipino painter and hero Juan Luna .
I Want a Dog is a children 's book written and illustrated by Dayal Kaur Khalsa , originally published by Tundra Books and Clarkson N. Potter in 1987 .
The Fighting Temeraire tugged to her last berth to be broken up , 1838 is an oil painting by the English artist J. M. W. Turner .
Escogedoras de café ( Coffee Pickers ) ( 1939 ) is a painting by the Ecuadorian social realist artist Alba Calderón .
Joanie Loves Chachi was the first Miller - Boyett ( and only Garry Marshall - produced ) sitcom developed by Tom Miller and Robert L. Boyett , and was created by Lowell Ganz , Mark Rothman , and Garry Marshall .
News at 6:30 is also for free reviewing on TVB News ' website .
On Photography is a 1977 collection of essays by Susan Sontag .
The Brady Bunch Hour is an American variety television series featuring skits and songs produced by Sid and Marty Krofft in association with Paramount Television , which aired on ABC between 1976 to 1977 .
The Spanish Wedding or La Vicaria ( 1868 - 1870 ) is a masterwork by Marià Fortuny i Marsal , also known as Marià Fortuny or Mariano Fortuny .
The Martelli Annunciation is a painting by Filippo Lippi , in the Martelli Chapel in the left transept of the Basilica di San Lorenzo , Florence .
Portrait of Baldassare Castiglione is a c. 1514 - -1515 oil painting attributed to the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael .
Swans Reflecting Elephants ( 1937 ) is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí .
The Green Green Grass is a BBC television sitcom , created and initially written by John Sullivan , produced by Shazam Productions for the BBC .
Leonidas at Thermopylae is an 1814 painting by Jacques - Louis David now on show at the Louvre .
Peace Concluded , 1856 ( 1856 ) is a painting by John Everett Millais which depicts a wounded British officer reading The Times newspaper 's report of the end of the Crimean War .
The Weapon Shops of Isher is a science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt , first published in 1951 .
The Brazen Serpent is a painting by Peter Paul Rubens , probably dating to between 1635 and 1640 .
A break away ! is an 1891 painting by Australian artist Tom Roberts .
The Steuben Monument is a public art work by Swiss - American artist J. Otto Schweizer , located on the west side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
DC 's Legends of Tomorrow , or simply Legends of Tomorrow , is an American television series developed by Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , Andrew Kreisberg and Phil Klemmer , who are also executive producers along with Sarah Schechter and Chris Fedak ;
How to Explain Pictures to a Dead Hare ( German : ' ' wie man dem toten Hasen die Bilder erklärt '' ) was a performance piece enacted by the German artist Joseph Beuys on 26 November 1965 at the Galerie Schmela in Düsseldorf .
The Pioneer Woman monument is a bronze sculpture in Ponca City , Oklahoma , designed by Bryant Baker and dedicated on April 22 , 1930 .
Keiller 's marmalade company first produced the cake commercially and have been claimed to be the originators of the term `` Dundee cake '' .
The Miró Wall is a ceramic tiled wall designed by Spanish artist Joan Miró for the Wilhelm Hack Museum in Ludwigshafen , Germany .
Des racines et des ailes is a French television documentary series created by Patrick de Carolis and Patrick Charles in 1997 .
Le Suicidé is a small oil painting by Édouard Manet , completed between 1877 and 1881 .
Cascading Waterfall , is a public artwork by American artist John Joseph Earley , located Meridian Hill Park , which is in Washington , DC , United States .
The Portrait of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Piero della Francesca ( c. 1451 ) .
DNA Tower , a public sculpture by American glass artist Dale Chihuly , is in the Morris Mills Atrium of the VanNuys Medical Science Building , on the campus of Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis ( IUPUI ) , which is near downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
Winged Figure ( BH 315 ) is a 1963 sculpture by British artist Barbara Hepworth .
Moses ( 3/3 ) is a public sculpture by United States artist Tony Smith .
The Tree of Crows ( also known as Raven Tree ) is an oil painting of 1822 by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich .
The Coachman ( Italian : Il Conduttore del Carro ) , also known as The Little Man ( L'Omino ) , is a fictional character who appears in Carlo Collodi 's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio ( Le avventure di Pinocchio )
Ganymede Abducted by the Eagle ( c. 1531 - 1532 ) is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance artist Antonio da Correggio .
Boardwalk Empire is an American period crime drama television series created by Terence Winter and airing on premium cable channel HBO .
Long Way Down is a television series , book and DVD documenting a motorcycle journey undertaken by Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman , on which they rode south through 18 countries from John o ' Groats in Scotland to Cape Town in South Africa via Europe and Africa in 2007 .
The Bride of the Wind ( Die Windsbraut ) ( or The Tempest ) is a 1913 - 1914 oil on canvas painting by Oskar Kokoschka .
Autumn Rhythm ( Number 30 ) is a 1950 abstract expressionist drip painting by American artist Jackson Pollock .
A Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling is an oil on oak painting undertaken between 1526 and 1528 by the German artist Hans Holbein the Younger .
The concept of ZeD was originally developed by Rae Hull , who was the regional director for CBC in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Le prisonnier politique ( French ; The Political Prisoner ) is a bronze sculpture created in 1949 by Luxembourgish sculptor Lucien Wercollier .
The Death of Major Peirson , 6 January 1781 is a 1783 large oil painting by John Singleton Copley .
The James Buchanan Memorial is a bronze and granite memorial in the Southeast corner of Meridian Hill Park Northwest , Washington , D.C. It was designed by architect William Gorden Beecher , and sculpted by Maryland artist Hans Schuler .
My Lucky Charm 情来运转 is a 25 episode Chinese drama shown on MediaCorp Channel 8 in Singapore and made its debut on 3 January 2005 .
IBC Express Balita ( lit . IBC Express News ) was the flagship program of Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation ( IBC ) .
Homage to Leonardo , sometimes referred to as Vitruvian Man for being a representation of the drawing of the same name by Leonardo da Vinci , is an outdoor statue by Italian sculptor Enzo Plazzotta , located at Belgrave Square in London , United Kingdom .
Snoopy 's Getting Married , Charlie Brown is the 28th prime - time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Lobster Trap and Fish Tail , a mobile by American artist Alexander Calder , is located at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City , New York , United States .
Portrait of George Dyer and Lucian Freud was an oil on canvas painting by the Irish - born artist Francis Bacon , which he destroyed before it left his studio , though it was photographed and is highly regarded by art critics .
Vilko Filač ( 14 February 1950 -- 25 November 2008 ) was a Slovenian cinematographer .
Nano Assault Neo is a twin - stick shoot 'em up video game developed by Shin'en Multimedia and released on the Nintendo eShop for the Wii U. It was a launch title for the system on 18 November 2012 in North America , and in PAL regions on 30 November 2012 .
C.O.P. The Recruit is a video game published by Ubisoft for the Nintendo DS . The game was announced at E3 2009 at the Nintendo conference .
From 1998 to 2011 Coin3D was developed and maintained by Systems in Motion ( SIM ) , later renamed to Kongsberg SIM , later merged into the parent company Kongsberg Oil & Gas Technologies Kongsberg Gruppen .
Knights of the Temple II is an open - world action - adventure game , developed by Cauldron and published by Playlogic Entertainment .
A Kingdom for Keflings is a video game developed by NinjaBee for the Xbox Live Arcade which was released on November 19 , 2008 .
Internet Protocol Device Control ( IPDC ) is a specification for controlling networking hardware devices , developed by Level 3 Communications and a group of other telcos .
The TOPS-10 System ( Timesharing / Total Operating System-10 ) was a computer operating system from Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) for the PDP-10 ( or DECsystem-10 ) mainframe computer launched in 1967 .
Originally developed in the 1990s at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in the group of Charles E. Leiserson , Cilk was later commercialized as Cilk++ by a spinoff company , Cilk Arts .
Gates of Zendocon is a 1989 shoot - em - up action video game by Epyx written by Peter Engelbrite for the 1989 color portable handheld console Atari Lynx .
Double Fine Happy Action Theater ( sometimes referred to as Happy Action Theater ) is a casual video game developed by Double Fine Productions and distributed by Microsoft Game Studios .
GNU Common Lisp ( GCL ) is the GNU Project 's Common Lisp compiler , an evolutionary development of Kyoto Common Lisp .
RPG Maker 2000 ( RM2 K ) is the second Microsoft Windows version of the RPG Maker series of programs developed by Enterbrain and published by ASCII .
In computing , the Linux Unified Key Setup or LUKS is a disk encryption specification created by Clemens Fruhwirth in 2004 and originally intended for Linux .
Spelling Jungle , also known as Yobi 's Basic Spelling Tricks is an educational adventure game created by Bright Star Technology and released by Sierra in 1993 for both Windows and Macintosh PCs . The program is designed to help strengthen reading , spelling , and logic skills in children ages 7 - -10 .
Battle vs. Chess is a computer simulation game of chess developed by Targem Games and Zuxxez Entertainment and published by TopWare Interactive .
Sengoku Ace ( 戦国エース ) , also known as Samurai Aces in the English version , is a vertically - scrolling shoot 'em up video game originally releasaed in the arcades by Psikyo in 1993 .
Radikal Bikers is a racing arcade game developed by the Spanish company Gaelco in 1998 , with also a conversion for PlayStation developed instead by Bit Managers .
The ClueFinders Search and Solve Adventures is an educational computer game in The Learning Company 's ClueFinders series that focuses on critical thinking skills .
Puzzle Kingdoms is a puzzle video game developed by Infinite Interactive for the PC , Nintendo DS and Wii .
3D XPoint ( pronounced three dee cross point ) is a non - volatile memory technology announced by Intel and Micron in July 2015 .
NBA Live 10 is the 2009 installment in the NBA Live series , developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts .
Slipstream 5000 is a racing video game developed by The Software Refinery and published by Gremlin Interactive for the PC in 1995 .
Infinity Blade is a fighting game with role - playing elements developed by Chair Entertainment and Epic Games and released through the Apple App Store on December 9 , 2010 .
Epic Astro Story is a simulation video game developed and published by Kairosoft for the Android and iOS operating systems .
Virtua Tennis ( Power Smash in Japan ) is a 1999 tennis arcade game created by Sega - AM3 .
F-15 Strike Eagle II is an F-15 Strike Eagle combat flight simulator released in 1989 by MicroProse and is the sequel of F-15 Strike Eagle .
The Last Bounty Hunter is a live - action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games in 1994 .
M.U.D. TV ( Mad Ugly Dirty TV ) is a business simulation video game developed by Realmforge Studios and published by Kalypso Media for Microsoft Windows released on February 23 , 2010 .
R.O.B. ( Robotic Operating Buddy ) , released in Japan as the Family Computer Robot ( Japanese : ファミリーコンピュータ ロボット Hepburn : Famirī Konpyūta Robotto ) , is an accessory for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) .
BloodStorm is a fighting game released in 1994 in arcade form by Strata and developed by Incredible Technologies .
Massive Snowboarding is a mobile game developed and published by Gameloft , and created for the V CAST service from Verizon Wireless .
In the Groove 2 is the sequel to Roxor Games ' 2004 arcade game In the Groove .
ASIMO , an acronym for Advanced Step in Innovative Mobility , is a humanoid robot designed and developed by Honda .
UK Truck Simulator is a vehicle simulation game developed and published by SCS Software .
Deep Zoom is a technology developed by Microsoft for efficiently transmitting and viewing images .
Dark Adventure is a dimetric action - adventure game produced by Konami that was released for the arcades in North America in 1987 .
International Karate + , often abbreviated as IK+ , is a karate fighting video game published in 1987 by System 3 , originally for the Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum .
EclipseLink is the open source Eclipse Persistence Services Project from the Eclipse Foundation .
Heroes of Gaia ( Chinese : 英雄之城 ; pinyin : Yīngxióng Zhī Chéng ) , known in the separate European version as Castle of Heroes , is a massively multiplayer online fantasy browser - based strategy game developed by the Chinese developer Snail Games and published in the United States by its U.S. publishing division , Snail Games USA .
Jubatus is an open source online machine learning and distributed computing framework that is developed at Nippon Telegraph and Telephone and Preferred Infrastructure .
Europa Universalis III is a grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive .
Escape Velocity Override is a space trading simulator game developed by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh .
CityVille was a casual social city - building game developed by Zynga , and released in December 2010 .
Abrams Battle Tank , aka M-1 Abrams Battle Tank for the Sega version , is a computer game developed by Dynamix and published by Electronic Arts in 1988 for DOS .
PixelJunk 4 am , formerly called PixelJunk Lifelike , is a music video game and music visualizer developed by Q - Games .
Kirby 's Epic Yarn , known in Japan as Keito no Kirby ( 毛糸のカービィ Keito no Kābī , lit . `` Yarn Kirby '' ) , is a 2010 platform video game developed by Good - Feel and HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
EcoQuest is a series of two educational adventure games developed by Sierra Entertainment .
Starlancer is a space - based science fiction flight simulator computer game , created by Erin Roberts , Chris Roberts , and Warthog PLC under the auspices of Digital Anvil .
Debbugs was mainly written by Ian Jackson , former Debian project leader .
Bomberman Land Touch ! ( Touch ! Bomberman Land in Japan ) is a puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Prison Architect is a private prison construction and management simulation video game developed and published by Introversion Software .
Apache Empire - db is open source and provided under the Apache 2.0 license from the Apache Software Foundation .
Babysitting Mania is a simulation - style , time - management game developed by Gogii Games and available for Microsoft Windows and the Nintendo DS . The game allows the player to babysit many virtual children while cleaning the house and managing parties all under a certain time limit .
Phantasie is a fantasy role - playing video game series designed by Winston Douglas Wood and published by Strategic Simulations , Inc. in 1985 .
Adidas Championship Football is a soccer video game developed by Ocean Software in 1990 .
Red Dead Redemption is an open world , western action - adventure video game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games .
Pitfall ! is a platform video game released by Activision for the Atari 2600 in 1982 .
Snuggle Truck is a driving / racing action game developed by Owlchemy Labs .
Angry Birds is a video game franchise created by Finnish computer game developer Rovio Entertainment .
Eight Days is an action video game that was being developed by SCE London Studio for the PlayStation 3 .
Seastalker is an interactive fiction computer game designed by Stu Galley and Jim Lawrence and published by Infocom in 1984 .
Lula 3D is an adult adventure video game developed and published by cdv Software Entertainment for the personal computer .
The Legend of Three Kingdoms ( simplified Chinese : 三国群英传 ; traditional Chinese : 三國群英傳 ; pinyin : Sān Guó Qún Yīng Zhuàn ) is a video game series originally developed by OdinSoft , later by UserJoy Technology .
Brian Kernighan and Rob Pike summarize this in The Unix Programming Environment as `` the idea that the power of a system comes more from the relationships among programs than from the programs themselves '' .
Ninja Spirit , known in Japan as Saigo no Nindou ( 最後の忍道 ) , is a 1988 platform arcade game developed and published by Irem .
Stonekeep is a role - playing video game developed and released by Interplay Entertainment for the PC in 1995 .
Reality Fighters is a PlayStation Vita augmented reality video game developed by Novarama , and published by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Android 2 is a shoot 'em up maze video game written by Costa Panayi and published by Vortex Software in 1983 for the ZX Spectrum and in 1985 for the Amstrad CPC .
Bing Maps ( previously Live Search Maps , Windows Live Maps , Windows Live Local , and MSN Virtual Earth ) is a web mapping service provided as a part of Microsoft 's Bing suite of search engines and powered by the Bing Maps for Enterprise framework .
Diabolical Pitch ( formerly titled Codename D ) , is a baseball action video game from Grasshopper Manufacture and Suda51 for the Microsoft Kinect .
Head of development Christer Ericson of SCE Santa Monica Studio confirmed that God of War III has seamless loading ; no loading screens and no hard disk drive installation requirement .
The game was initially developed by Tall Tree Games , now called Big Viking Games , YoWorld was acquired by Zynga in 2008 .
Zektor is a multi - directional shooter arcade game created by Sega in 1982 , which challenges the player to pilot a space ship in a quest to recapture eight cities that have been captured by alien robots .
Mushroom Wars is a real - time strategy game developed by Creat Studios , originally available for the PlayStation 3 on the PlayStation Network ( PSN ) .
TrackMania 2 ( stylized as TrackMania² ) is a racing video game developed by Nadeo and published by Ubisoft as part of the TrackMania series .
Mutant Storm Empire is a multi - directional shoot 'em up by PomPom Games and sequel to Mutant Storm Reloaded for Xbox 360 's Xbox Live Arcade service .
Block Breaker Deluxe is a video game developed by Gameloft for mobile phones .
The McDonald 's Videogame is an online game created by the Italian group La Molleindustria .
Shanghai Kid , sometimes titled The Shanghai Kid , and known in Japan as Hokuha Syourin Hiryū no Ken ( 北派少林 飛龍の拳 lit . `` North Faction Shaolin - Fist of the Flying Dragon '' ) , is a 1985 arcade fighting game developed by Nihon Game ( now Culture Brain ) and published by Taiyo System .
On 1 January 1801 , the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland were merged to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Zollgrenzschutz ( ZGS ) ( German : Customs Border Guards ) was an organization under the German Finance Ministry from 1937 to 1945 .
Columbia TriStar Television ( CTT ) was an American television company that ran from 1994 to 2002 .
Arenberg joined Napoleon 's Confederation of the Rhine , although that did not prevent it being mediatised in 1810 , with France annexing Dülmen and Meppen , and the duchy of Berg annexing Recklinghausen .
The Taifa of Saltés and Huelva was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in southern Iberia from around 1012 to 1051 .
0n 14 November 1984 , the Irish government surprised most observers by placing Irish Shipping Ltd into liquidation .
In March 1918 they tried to seize power in Bukhara , with help from the Tashkent Soviet , and the Young Bukharians had to flee from the Emir , Mohammed Alim Khan to Tashkent .
The Hammond Pros from Hammond , Indiana played in the National Football League from 1920 to 1926 as a traveling team .
The California Republic was a short - lived , unrecognized state that , for a few weeks in 1846 , militarily controlled the area to the north of the San Francisco Bay in the present - day state of California .
In 2005 , Tecnomatix was acquired by the UGS Corporation and the Tecnomatix product was combined with UGS ' existing MPM solutions .
The Parthian Empire ( /ˈpɑːrθiən/ ; 247 BC -- 224 AD ) , also known as the Arsacid Empire ( /ˈɑːrsəsɪd/ ) , was a major Iranian political and cultural power in ancient Iran .
Air Bremen was a small German airline based in Bremen operating between 1988 and 1990 .
American Overseas Airlines ( AOA ) was an airline that operated between the United States and Europe between 1945 and 1950 .
The Le Favori was a French automobile manufactured in Paris from 1921 until 1923 .
Martinsyde was a British aircraft and motorcycle manufacturer between 1908 and 1922 , when they were forced into liquidation by a factory fire .
EDO Corporation was an American company , which was acquired by ITT Corporation in 2007 .
Dzhebrailsky Uyezd ( Russian : Джебраильский уезд ) was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Jabrayil from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by the Soviet authorities .
The studio was shut down in 1997 and some of the Amblimation staff went on to join DreamWorks Animation .
US Airways was a major American airline that ceased operations on October 17 , 2015 after merging with American Airlines .
Key financial figures for GE Industrial : 2007 Revenue : $ 17.7 billion 2007 Profit : 9 % ( % vol ) Number of Employees : ~70,000
As no investors could be found , it was announced on 7 February 1991 that Interflug with its then 2,900 employees and 20 aircraft would be liquidated .
The Haagaas School ( Norwegian : Haagaas Artiumskursus , informally also Haagaas skole , Haagaas private gymnas or Haagaas ' studentfabrikk ) , or simply Haagaas , was a private gymnasium in Oslo , that existed from 1915 to 1955 .
From its inception in 1118 through 1596 , the Kingdom of Desmond was ruled by the family of the MacCarthy Mór , ( i.e. , the `` Great MacCarthy '' ) .
The United Federated Forces of the Symbionese Liberation Army ( SLA ) was an American self - styled left - wing revolutionary organization active between 1973 and 1975 that considered itself a vanguard army .
In late 2012 , Fresh Choice closed approximately half its locations .
The business existed till approximately 1942 which was the year in which Dider died , although Robert Serf himself was still working in his own automotive workshop at Nancy until the 1970s .
Československé hudební nástroje , oborový podník ( Czechoslovak Musical Instruments , specialized business ) was -- during the era of communist Czechoslovakia from 1948 to 1992 -- a state owned music instrument manufacturing company headquartered in Hradec Králové .
Game Park was a South Korean company that was founded in 1996 and went bankrupt in March 2007 .
At about year 2000 , CBGB entered a protracted dispute over allegedly unpaid rent amounts until the landlord , Bowery Residents ' Committee , sued in 2005 and lost the case , but a deal to renew CBGB 's lease , expiring in 2006 , failed .
Jagdgeschwader 6 ( JG 6 ) Horst Wessel was a Luftwaffe fighter - wing of World War II . The first Geschwaderkommodore was Oberstleutnant Johann Kogler who became a POW during the Operation Bodenplatte when he crashed and was taken prisoner by British troops on 1 January 1945 .
The Eastern Wei ( simplified Chinese : 东魏 ; traditional Chinese : 東魏 ; pinyin : Dōng Wèi ) followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei , and ruled northern China from 534 to 550 .
The Mankessim Kingdom ( 1252 - -1844 ) was a pre - colonial African state in modern - day Ghana .
The Long Beach State 49ers football team represented California State University , Long Beach from the 1955 through 1991 seasons .
Wuyue ( simplified Chinese : 吴越 ; traditional Chinese : 吳越 ; pinyin : Wúyuè ; Shanghainese : ( ɦuɦyɪʔ ) ) , 907 - 978 , was an independent coastal kingdom founded during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms ( 907 - 960 ) of Chinese history .
Sleepycat Software , Inc. was the software company primarily responsible for maintaining the Berkeley DB packages from 1996 to 2006 .
Die Freundin ( English : The Girlfriend : Journal for Ideal Friendship between Women ) was a popular Weimar - era German lesbian magazine published from 1924 to 1933 .
The Slovak Democratic Coalition ( Slovak : Slovenská demokratická koalícia , SDK ) was a political party in Slovakia , which existed from 1998 to 2002 .
The Chainless was a French automobile manufactured from 1900 to 1903 in Paris by SA des Voitures Légère Chainless .
Sender Freies Berlin ( SFB ) ( English : Radio Free Berlin ) was the ARD public radio and television service for West Berlin from 1 June 1954 until 1990 and for Berlin as a whole from German reunification until 30 April 2003 .
In early 1945 , after the Germans had been driven out , the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was formally restored on paper .
The Reichsfilmkammer ( RFK ; English : Film Chamber of the Reich ) was a public corporation based in Berlin that regulated the film industry in Nazi Germany between 1933 and 1945 .
Viborg and Nyslott County ( Swedish : Viborgs och Nyslotts län , Finnish : Viipurin ja Savonlinnan lääni ) was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1721 .
In May 2012 , De Tomaso was again for sale after their business plan failed to gather sufficient financial backing .
The Republic of Lucca was a historic state of Italy , which lasted from 1160 to 1805 on the central Italian peninsula .
SA des Anciens Établissements Secqueville - Hoyau was a French automobile producer between 1919 and 1924 .
Murray Gerstenhaber ( born June 5 , 1927 ) is an American mathematician , professor of mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania , best known for his contributions to theoretical physics with his discovery of Gerstenhaber algebra .
Yinsheng Wang is a Professor of Chemistry and the Director for the ETOX ( Environmental Toxicology ) Graduate Program at the University of California Riverside .
Emilio García Gómez decided to pursue Arabic as a career after attending Arabic language classes taught by Prof . Miguel Asín Palacios at the Complutense University of Madrid .
Ahmedou Ould - Abdallah ( Arabic : أحمدو ولد عبد الله‎ ) ( born November 21 , 1940 ) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was a senior United Nations official .
David Saltzberg is a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California , Los Angeles .
T. Leslie You d received his BES in civil engineering from Brigham Young University in 1964 .
Joseph Hamilton Beattie ( 1808 - 1871 ) was a locomotive engineer with the London and South Western Railway .
James R. Dow is a Professor Emeritus of German at Iowa State University with research interests in German Volkskunde ( folklore ) , Old Order Amish of Kalona and Amana Colonists of Amana .
Wolfgang Pree ( * 27 June 1964 in Linz , Austria ) is a computer scientist and professor at the University of Salzburg , Austria .
Alice Louise Reynolds ( April 1 , 1873 -- December 5 , 1938 ) was a Brigham Young University professor who is rated among the top-10 BYU professors of the 20th century .
John P. Grotzinger is the Fletcher Jones Professor of Geology at California Institute of Technology under the Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences .
Marta Santos Pais ( born in 1952 ) is the Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary - General on Violence against Children .
A professor at Yale Law School for more than forty years , Rodell was described in 1980 as the `` bad boy of American legal academia '' ( by Charles Alan Wright , `` Goodbye to Fred Rodell , '' 89 Yale L.J. 1455 , quoted in the Pitt Law School Web site ) .
The series introduces Herc as a detective in the Baltimore Police Department 's Narcotics Unit , begrudgingly detailed to the initial Barksdale investigation .
Professor Dinesh Manocha is an American computer scientist , the Phi Delta Theta / Matthew Mason Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Leo Apostel ( Antwerp , 4 September 1925 -- Ghent , 10 August 1995 ) was a Belgian philosopher and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Ghent University .
Ann Ellis Hanson is an American papyrologist and historian who holds the position of senior research scholar and lecturer in the Department of Classics at Yale University .
Lauren Grodstein ( born November 19 , 1975 ) is an American novelist and educator at Rutgers University of Camden in New Jersey , known for her use of male viewpoint characters .
John M. Merriman ( born 1946 ) is a Charles Seymour Professor of History at Yale University .
Tayfun Sönmez is a Turkish - American professor of economics at Boston College .
Pedram Javaheri also known as `` P.J. Javaheri '' ( born May 24 , 1983 ) is an Iranian - American meteorologist for CNN International based at the CNN World Headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia .
Oscar Schachter ( 1915 - -2003 ) was an American international law and diplomacy professor , and United Nations aide .
In June 2010 , Saab Automobile announced the appointment of Jason Castriota as its new Design Director , reporting directly to Saab Automobile CEO Jan Åke Jonsson .
Michael A. Cusumano is the Sloan Management Review Distinguished Professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management .
Dan - Virgil Voiculescu ( born 14 June 1949 ) is a professor of mathematics at the University of California , Berkeley .
Otto Walper was born in Rotenburg an der Fulda , and studied at the University of Marburg , where he was the main professor of Greek and Hebrew , and he received a Ph . D degree at the University of Basel .
George Dawes Hicks FBA ( 14 September 1862 -- 16 February 1941 ) was a British philosopher who was professor of philosophy at the University College , London between 1904 to 1928 and professor emeritus thereafter until his death .
Pedro Pedrosa Mendes is a Professor of Computational Systems Biology in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester .
Miriam O'Reilly ( born 16 February 1957 in Balbriggan , County Dublin ) is an Irish television presenter , best known as a former presenter on the BBC One rural affairs show Countryfile .
Richard Bruce Silverman ( born May 12 , 1946 ) is a chemistry professor at Northwestern University in the United States .
Hamid Zangeneh is a professor of economics at Widener University , located in Chester , Pennsylvania .
María Elena Meneses Rocha is a former journalist and current professor and researcher into media , communications and the Internet with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education , Mexico City .
Etzel Cardeña is the Thorsen Professor of Psychology at Lund University , Sweden where he is Director of the Centre for Research on Consciousness and Anomalous Psychology ( CERCAP ) .
Rensis Likert ( /ˈlɪkərt/ LIK - ərt ; 5 August 1903 - -3 September 1981 ) was an American administrator and organizational psychologist based at the U.S. Department of Agriculture until 1946 , then at the Institute for Social Research at the University of Michigan .
Professor Werner Hacke , born 1948 in Duisburg , Germany , was Professor and Chairman of the Department of Neurology , University of Heidelberg , from 1987 bis 2014 and holds now a Senior Professorship of Neurology at the University of Heidelberg , Germany .
Babita Sharma is a British television newsreader on BBC News ( TV channel ) and BBC World News , presenting the Newsday strand each Monday - Wednesday from London with Rico Hizon in Singapore .
Mauricio de Maria y Campos is the former Director - General of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) and former Mexican Ambassador to South Africa .
From 1977 to 1990 Leon Black was employed by investment bank Drexel Burnham Lambert , where he served as managing director , head of the Mergers & Acquisitions Group , and co - head of the Corporate Finance Department .
Walter Rothensteiner is Chairman of the Raiffeisen Zentralbank & a Bilderberg participant .
Robert K. Rasmussen is a professor of bankruptcy law who was the dean of the Gould School of Law at the University of Southern California from 2007 until 2015 .
Wang Jisi ( 王缉思 ) is Dean of the School of International Studies at Peking University .
Arnved Nedkvitne ( born 21 May 1947 ) is a Norwegian historian of the Middle Ages and Professor Emeritus of mediaeval history at the University of Trondheim and the University of Oslo .
Don VandenBerg is a professor of Astronomy ( Ph.D. Australian National University ) at the department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
After posts at Aachen , Bonn , Breslau , Heidelberg ( 1896 - -1898 ) , and Kiel ( 1898 - -1907 ) , he returned finally to the University of Heidelberg in 1907 as the head of the Philipp Lenard Institute .
Henry Fillmore Band Hall , the rehearsal hall for many of the University of Miami 's performing groups , acquired its name as a tribute to Fillmore 's work in the band genre .
Andreas Mandelis ( born 22 June 1952 ) , is a professor and researcher at the department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at the University of Toronto and director of the Centre for Advanced Diffusion - Wave Technologies ( CADIFT ) .
Heinz König ( 25 December 1927 -- 21 November 2002 ) was a German researcher , economist and former professor for Economy and Econometrics at the University of Mannheim from 1962 to 1996 .
Mary P. Koss ( born Mary Lyndon Pease ) is an American Regents ' Professor at the University of Arizona , Mel and Enid Zuckerman College of Public Health in Tucson , Arizona .
John G. Anderson ( born 1948 ) is an American seismologist and Professor at the University of Nevada , Reno .
Nicole Stott began her career in 1987 as a structural design engineer with Pratt & Whitney Government Engines in West Palm Beach , Florida .
The Catholic University of America , Washington D.C. offers a Johannes Quasten Award .
Milind Tambe is Helen N. and Emmett H. Jones Professor in Engineering and a Professor of Computer Science and Industrial and Systems Engineering at the University of Southern California , Los Angeles .
Menachem Brenner is a Professor of Finance and a Bank and Financial Analysts Faculty Fellow at New York University Stern School of Business .
Carol Stephenson , OC is a Canadian business executive and the recently retired dean of the Richard Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario .
Kenneth A. Bollen ( born 1951 ) is the Henry Rudolf Immerwahr Distinguished Professor of Sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
William Watson Goodwin ( May 9 , 1831 -- June 15 , 1912 ) was an American classical scholar , for many years Eliot professor of Greek at Harvard University .
Earl St. John ( 14 June 1892 -- 26 February 1968 ) was an American film producer in overall charge of production for The Rank Organisation at Pinewood Studios from 1950 to 1964 .
Eric Rauchway ( born 1969 or 1970 ) is an American historian and professor at the University of California , Davis .
After graduating from Trinity College , Dublin , with a BA ( Hons ) degree , Mike Dibb joined BBC TV in 1963 .
Michael R. Eisenson is co - founder , managing director and chief executive officer of Charlesbank Capital Partners , LLC , a private equity investment firm based in Boston and New York .
Immediately after Arthur Wakefield left the Navy in 1841 , his brother , Edward Gibbon Wakefield recruited him to join the New Zealand Company , tasking him to select settlers for a new settlement to be named Nelson , escort the party to New Zealand , and supervise the growth of the new town .
Tommie Shelby is an American philosopher and professor of African and African American Studies and of Philosophy at Harvard University .
David Correia is an American scholar and activist , and an associate professor of American Studies at the University of New Mexico , where his classes focus on the relationship between culture , politics , and the environment .
Diane Katsiaficas ( El Paso , Texas , 23 November 1947 ) is an American of Greek heritage visual artist who develops multimedia narrative works , and a professor in the Art Department at the University of Minnesota .
Major General Juha Kilpiä ( born in 1953 ) , a native of Finland , current serves as Head of Mission and Chief of Staff of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization ( UNTSO ) .
Stuart J. Youngner is Susan E. Watson Professor of Bioethics , Professor of Psychiatry , Professor of Medicine , and Chair of the Department of Bioethics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine .
Nina Ananiashvili ( born : Nino Ananiashvili , Georgian : ნინო ანანიაშვილი ; born March 28 , 1963 ) is a Georgian ballerina and artistic director of the State Ballet of Georgia .
Nolan B. Aughenbaugh ( born 1928 ) is an American Professor Emeritus of Geological Engineering at the University of Mississippi .
Nelson Cowan ( born March 7 , 1951 ) is the Curators ' Professor of Psychology at the University of Missouri .
William Campbell James Meredith ( February 6 , 1904 - -1960 ) Q.C. , D.C.L. , often referred to as W. C. J. Meredith , was a Canadian attorney , the author of three legal books and Dean of the McGill University Faculty of Law .
Herschel Garfein is a Grammy Award - winning American composer , librettist , stage director , and faculty member of the Steinhardt School of Music at New York University , where he teaches Script Analysis .
In 1979 Phil Scraton joined the Open University 's teaching staff as a member of the `` Crime , Justice and Society '' course team , contributing also to the Social Sciences ' Foundation Course .
Marian Finucane ( born 21 May 1950 ) is an Irish broadcaster with Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) .
Eric Tagliacozzo is Professor of History at Cornell University , where he teaches Southeast Asian history .
Hans L. Trefousse ( December 18 , 1921 -- January 8 , 2010 ) was an American author , historian , and professor emeritus at Brooklyn College from 1950 to 1998 .
Susan Haack ( born 1945 ) is Distinguished Professor in the Humanities , Cooper Senior Scholar in Arts and Sciences , Professor of Philosophy , and Professor of Law at the University of Miami ( B.A. , M.A. , B.Phil , Oxford ; Ph.D. , Cambridge ) .
Robert A. Bradway is the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Amgen .
Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Mohamedou sometimes spelled Mohammad - Mahmoud Mohamedou ( born 1968 ) is a Harvard University scholar who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Mauritania from 2008 until 2009 .
Brittney Ezell ( born January 18 , 1976 ) is the head college basketball coach of the East Tennessee State University Lady Buccaneers .
James Maas is an American social psychologist , professor at Cornell University , and Stephen H. Weiss Presidential Fellow , and Chair of the Psychology Department for 8 years .
Irving Amen has taught at Pratt Institute and at the University of Notre Dame .
James E. Womack ( born 1941 ) is an American biologist and a professor at Texas A&M University .
John E. Bercaw ( born December 3 , 1944 ) is an American chemist and Centennial Professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology .
Albert Moore Barrett , M.D. ( 1871 - 1936 ) , an American physician , was professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan , and credited with the establishment of the first psychiatric hospital within a university .
Ivars Knēts , ( born September 17 , 1938 , Riga , Latvia ) has been a rector and professor at Riga Technical University , as the Director of the Institute of Biomaterials and Biomechanics .
Don Lincoln ( born 1964 ) is an American particle physics researcher at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory and adjunct Professor of Physics at the University of Notre Dame .
Page Smith 's archives are housed at the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ) Special Collections but have yet to be cataloged .
Michael J. Mikos is a professor of foreign languages and literature at the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee .
Jur P. van den Berg ( born 1981 in Groningen , Netherlands ) is an assistant professor at the University of Utah .
Avery August ( born January 31 , 1966 ) is a Belizean - born American scientist and doctor who is currently a Professor of Immunology at Cornell University .
Peter Bromley ( 30 April 1929 -- 3 June 2003 ) was BBC Radio 's voice of horse racing for 40 years , and one of the most famous and recognised sports broadcasters in the United Kingdom .
Mary Jo Salter ( born August 15 , 1954 ) is an American poet , a co - editor of The Norton Anthology of Poetry and a professor in the Writing Seminars program at Johns Hopkins University .
Matt Kaufmann is a Senior Research Scientist in the Department of Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin , USA .
Tim Whewell is a radio and television journalist and foreign correspondent with the BBC .
Herbert Hodge ( 1901- ? ) was a London taxi driver and BBC radio personality .
Alexis Hauser is an Austrian conductor who is the music director of the McGill Symphony Orchestra and the McGill Sinfonietta , as well as a faculty member with the Schulich School of Music of McGill University in Montreal , Canada .
E. Paul Zehr ( born June 16 , 1968 ) is a Canadian professor of kinesiology and neuroscience , and an award winning science communicator at the University of Victoria , in British Columbia , Canada .
Johann Jakob Bachofen ( 22 December 1815 -- 25 November 1887 ) was a Swiss antiquarian , jurist , philologist , and anthropologist , professor for Roman law at the University of Basel from 1841 to 1845 .
John F. Dickson ( November 30 , 1821 -- September 12 , 1880 ) was an American public servant , law enforcement officer and police captain with the New York City Police Department .
Scott D. Emr ( born February 8 , 1954 ) is a cell biologist and molecular geneticist who is serving as the Frank H.T. Rhodes Class of ' 56 Director of the Weill Institute for Cell and Molecular Biology at Cornell University .
Ruth Simmons ( born Ruth Jean Stubblefield ; July 3 , 1945 ) was the 18th president of Brown University , the first black president of an Ivy League institution .
Celia Deane - Drummond ( born 1956 ) is a professor of theology at the University of Notre Dame .
Jonathan R. Macey is the Sam Harris Professor of Corporate Law , Corporate Finance and Securities Law at Yale Law School .
Philip S. Khoury ( born October 15 , 1949 ) is Ford International Professor of History and Associate Provost at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Liesbet Hooghe ( born December 1 , 1962 , in Oudenaarde , Belgium ) is a political scientist , the W. R. Kenan Jr. Professor of Political Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Abram de Swaan ( born January 8 , 1942 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch essayist , sociologist and professor emeritus from the University of Amsterdam .
Robert Dorfman ( 27 October 1916 -- 24 June 2002 ) was emeritus professor of political economy at Harvard University .
Fred Cummings ( Frederick W. Cummings ) is a theoretical physicist and professor emeritus at University of California , Riverside .
Aleš Klégr ( born 27 November 1951 ) is a Czech linguist , professor of English language at Charles University in Prague .
John Edgar Wideman ( born June 14 , 1941 ) is an American writer , professor at Brown University , and sits on the contributing editorial board of the literary journal Conjunctions .
Scott S. Hall a psychology and behavioral science professor and researcher at Stanford University 's School of Medicine , specializing in Fragile X syndrome , Prader - Willi syndrome , and in research on the relationship of Fragile X syndrome to other conditions , including Autism Spectrum Disorders .
Alison Gopnik ( born June 16 , 1955 ) is an American professor of psychology and affiliate professor of philosophy at the University of California , Berkeley .
Anudvaipayan Bhattacharya ( Bengali : অনুদ্বৈপায়ন ভট্টাচার্য ) ( 31 January 1941 -- 25 March 1971 ) was a lecturer of the Department of Applied Physics at the University of Dhaka who was killed by the Pakistan Army on 25 March 1971 .
Howard Wilson Emmons ( 1912 - -1998 ) was a professor in the department of Mechanical Engineering at Harvard University .
Monica Pidgeon ( 29 September 1913 -- 17 September 2009 ) was a British interior designer and architectural writer best known as the editor of Architectural Design from 1946 to 1975 .
Mark Damazer , CBE ( born 15 April 1955 ) is the Master of St Peter 's College , Oxford , and a former controller of BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio 7 in the United Kingdom .
Thomas Alexander Parrott ( November 27 , 1914 - June 14 , 2007 ) was an American Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) officer .
Simon Caney is Professor of Political Theory and Fellow and Tutor of Magdalen College , Oxford .
Andrzej Udalski ( born 22 January 1957 in Łódź , Poland ) is a Polish astronomer and astrophysicist , and director of the Astronomical Observatory of the University of Warsaw .
Donald Neuen is an American choral conductor , composer , arranger , editor , and educator who was formerly the Distinguished Professor of Conducting and Director of Choral Activities at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Tomas Hökfelt ( born 29 June 1940 ) is a Swedish physician and former professor in histology at the Karolinska Institutet from 1979 until 2006 , when he got his emeritate .
Bernardo Kucinski ( São Paulo , 1937 ) is a Brazilian journalist and political scientist , professor at the University of São Paulo and collaborator of Workers ' Party ( Brazil ) .
John R. Kramer ( August 17 , 1937 -- March 7 , 2006 ) served as the 19th dean of the Tulane University Law School from 1986 to 1996 , and previous to that was an associate dean at Georgetown University .
Michael Siegal ( March 30 , 1950 -- February 20 , 2012 ) was a developmental psychologist and cognitive scientist who was Marie Curie Chair in Psychology at the University of Trieste , Italy , and was a Professor of Psychology at the University of Sheffield , UK .
João Magueijo ( born 1967 ) is a Portuguese cosmologist and professor in Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London .
Erik Alfsen enrolled in the University of Oslo in 1949 , studied at Institut Henri Poincaré from 1954 to 1955 , and back in Oslo , he took the cand.real .
Marcia J. Bates ( born 1942 ) is Professor VI Emerita of Information Studies in the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies , University of California , Los Angeles .
Michael Artin ( German : ( ˈaɐ̯tiːn ) ; born 28 June 1934 ) is an American mathematician and a professor emeritus in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology mathematics department , known for his contributions to algebraic geometry .
Bernd Brinkmann was the director of the Institute of Legal Medicine of the University of Münster in Münster , North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany from 1981 until 2007 .
Sherman Cochran ( simplified Chinese : 高家龙 ; traditional Chinese : 高家龍 ; pinyin : Gāo Jiālóng ; born 1940 ) is Hu Shih Professor Emeritus of Chinese history at Cornell University .
John L. Sorenson ( born April 8 , 1924 ) is an emeritus professor of anthropology at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and the author of An Ancient American Setting for the Book of Mormon as well as many other books and articles on the Book of Mormon and archaeology .
Nicholas Mirzoeff is a visual culture theorist and professor in the Department of Media , Culture and Communication at New York University .
John Hendra ( born 1960 , Canada ) currently serves as the Assistant Secretary - General for Policy and Programme at the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women ( UN Women ) .
Günter Ollenschläger ( born 3 March 1951 in Bonn ) is a German physician , medical editor , and professor of internal medicine and clinical decision making at the University of Cologne , Faculty of Medicine .
Edward Bennett Williams ( May 31 , 1920 -- August 13 , 1988 ) was a Washington , D.C. trial attorney who founded the law firm of Williams & Connolly and owned several professional sports teams .
Guy Ferri ( July 7 , 1922 -- 1991 ) was a United States diplomat and United Nations official who served as a State Department foreign service officer from 1954 - -1972 and as the deputy representative of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations from 1972 to 1983 .
Lorcan Dempsey is the Vice - President and Chief Strategist of the Online Computer Library Center ( OCLC ) .
Frank Porter Graham ( October 14 , 1886 -- February 16 , 1972 ) was President of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and , for a brief period , a United States Senator .
Fred W. Turek is the Director of the Center for Sleep & Circadian Biology and the Charles & Emma Morrison Professor of Biology in the Department of Neurobiology , both at Northwestern University .
Branko Grünbaum ( Hebrew : ברנקו גרונבאום‎ ; born 2 October 1929 ) is a Yugoslavian - born mathematician and a professor emeritus at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur ( September 18 , 1888 -- September 9 , 1971 ) was a scholar of early English , German , and Old Norse literature at the University of California , Berkeley .
Nicholas Chiorazzi , physician and researcher , is Head of the Karches Center for Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Research at The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research in Manhasset , NY .
Eleanor Oldroyd ( born in Bury , Lancashire , 2 June 1962 ) is an English sports broadcaster with BBC Radio .
Gregory Ashley Mayles ( born in 1971 in Coalville , Leicestershire , England ) , better known as Gregg Mayles , is a British video game designer currently working for video game company Rare as Creative Director .
Baron Henri Hottinguer , was born at castle Piple on 15 September 1868 , the first - born son of Baron Rodolphe Hottinguer .
Princess Lalla Asma of Morocco ( Arabic : الأميرة لالة أسماء‎ , GCVO , born 29 September 1965 , Rabat ) is the second daughter and third eldest child of Hassan II of Morocco and his second wife , Lalla Latifa Hammou .
Willeke Alberti ( 3 February 1945 , Amsterdam , Netherlands ) ( real name : Willy Albertina Verbrugge ) is a Dutch singer and actress , the daughter of entertainer and singer Willy Alberti and Hendrika Geertruida Kuiper ( 1921 - 2011 ) .
Stephanie Alfonso of Castile ( Spanish : Estefanía Alfonso de Castilla ) ( 1139/1148 -- 1 July 1180 ) , also known as Stephanie the Unfortunate ( Estefanía la Desdichada ) , was an illegitimate daughter of Alfonso VII of León and Castile and Urraca Fernández de Castro , widow of Count Rodrigo Martínez .
Edward Plantagenet , 17th Earl of Warwick ( 25 February 1475 -- 28 November 1499 ) was the son of George Plantagenet , 1st Duke of Clarence , and a potential claimant to the English throne during the reigns of both Richard III ( 1483 - -1485 ) and his successor , Henry VII ( 1485 - -1509 ) .
John Butler of Kilcash ( died 10 May 1570 ) was the third son of James Butler , 9th Earl of Ormond and Lady Joan Fitzgerald .
Henry Aston Barker ( 1774 -- 19 July 1856 ) was a Scottish landscape and panorama painter and exhibitor , the son of Robert Barker whose business he continued .
John Ricord ( September 5 , 1813 -- March 26 , 1861 ) whose birth name was probably Jean Baptiste Ricord - Madianna II , was a lawyer and world traveler .
Irena Sendler was born as Irena Krzyżanowska on 15 February 1910 in Otwock , near Warsaw , to Dr. Stanisław Krzyżanowski , a physician , and his wife , Janina .
Ma Xiu ( died 211 ) was the son of the warlord Ma Teng during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history .
Neleus of Scepsis ( /ˈniːliəs , ˈniːljuːs/ ; Greek : Νηλεύς ) , was the son of Coriscus of Scepsis .
Khari Wynn was born in Boston , Massachusetts , son of acclaimed music critic / writer Ron Wynn .
Bred in Kentucky by Abbott Properties , Hystericalady is the best daughter of the leading sire Distorted Humor , the sire of the dual Classic winning gelding Funny Cide .
Victor Channing Sanborn was born in Concord , Massachusetts to Louisa Leavitt and Franklin Benjamin Sanborn , and was named in honor of the poet Ellery Channing .
Edward Butler , 2nd Viscount Galmoye ( c. 1627 - - after 24 October 1667 ) was the son of Piers Butler of Duiske and Margaret Netterville , daughter of Nicholas Netterville , 1st Viscount Netterville .
Helmut Schmidt was born as the eldest of two sons of teachers Ludovica Koch and Gustav Ludwig Schmidt ( d. 1981 ) in Barmbek , a rough working - class district of Hamburg , in 1918 .
Micipsa ( pronounced : Mikipsa , Berber name : Mikiwsen ; died : c. 118 BC ) was the eldest legitimate son of Masinissa , the King of Numidia , a Berber kingdom in Ancient Algeria , North Africa .
Grimaldo Canella ( d. c. 1184 ) was the youngest son of Otto Canella and Consul of Genoa in 1162 , 1170 , and 1184 .
Justinus van Nassau ( 1559 -- 1631 ) was the only extramarital child of William the Silent .
The Papyrus Prisse , a Middle Kingdom source , supports the fact that King Huni was indeed Sneferu 's predecessor .
Omobono Stradivari ( November 14 , 1679 -- June 8 , 1742 ) was a violin maker and the sixth son of the famous Antonio Stradivari .
Teddy Schwarzman was born in 1979 in New York City to Stephen A. Schwarzman , the founder , chairman and CEO of The Blackstone Group , and Ellen Katz ( née Philips ) , a trustee of Northwestern University and the Mount Sinai Medical Center .
Menkaure was the son of Khafra and the grandson of Khufu .
James FitzGerald , 10th Earl of Desmond ( d. 1529 ) was the son of Maurice FitzGerald , 9th Earl of Desmond .
Nodouble 's Australian - bred sire , Noholme , was the 1959 Australian Horse of the Year who took nearly a full second off the race record in winning the prestigious Cox Plate .
Ernst - Ludwig von Thadden belongs to the German Uradel family Thadden and is the son of the German author Wiebke von Thadden and the German historian and professor of history at the University of Göttingen , Rudolf von Thadden .
Konstanty Władysław Sobieski ( 1 May 1680 -- 28 February 1726 ) was a Polish prince , nobleman , politician , diplomat , scholar and the son of John III Sobieski , King of Poland , and his wife , Marie Casimire Louise de la Grange d'Arquien .
Chandragupta II was the son of the previous ruler , Samudragupta .
Prince John of the United Kingdom ( John Charles Francis ; 12 July 1905 -- 18 January 1919 ) was the fifth son and youngest of the six children to King George V and his wife , Queen Mary .
Deo Nang Toï ( 1914 - 2008 ) was the daughter of Deo Van Long , the president of the Fédération Taï in North - West Vietnam and Laos under the last years of French Indochina .
Louise Hoffsten , born September 6 , 1965 in Linköping , Sweden , is a Swedish songwriter , musician and singer spanning several genres , notably rock , blues , folk and pop . Her father , Gunnar Hoffsten , was also a musician and played the trumpet in a jazz band .
Foaled in New Zealand , and trained by Geoff Murphy , Gurner 's Lane was sired by Sir Tristram out of Taiona , who also produced the Group One winners Sovereign Red and Trichelle ( both full siblings ) , and was named New Zealand Broodmare of the Year in 1981 and 1983 .
Pedro Afonso , Count of Barcelos ( before 1289 - May 1350 ) , was an illegitimate son of King Denis of Portugal and Grácia Frois .
Xiao Yu was born in 574 , during the reign of his father Emperor Ming of Western Liang , who claimed the throne of Liang Dynasty but whose territory was limited to a small amount of territory around his capital Jiangling .
John Aspinwall Roosevelt ( March 13 , 1916 -- April 27 , 1981 ) was an American and the sixth and last child of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , and his wife , Eleanor Roosevelt , and the only Roosevelt son who never sought political office .
Neferuptah or Ptahneferu ( `` Beauty of Ptah '' ) was a daughter of the Egyptian king Amenemhat III ( c. 1860 BC to 1814 BC ) of the 12th dynasty .
Jordan of Hauteville ( after 1055 -- 12/18/19 September 1092 ) was the eldest son and bastard of Roger I of Sicily .
John William Polidori was born on 7 September 1795 in London , the oldest son of Gaetano Polidori , an Italian political émigré scholar , and Anna Maria Pierce , an English governess .
Gildo Pastor was born in Monaco , the son of Jean - Baptiste Pastor , a stonemason from Liguria , Italy who emigrated to Monte Carlo as a young man in the 1880s .
He came to throne in July 1628 after having assassinated his father King Anaukpetlun who had discovered Minyedeippa 's affair with one of his concubines , daughter of Kengtung Sawbwa .
Alexander V of Macedon ( Greek : Ἀλέξανδρος Εʹ ὁ Μακεδών ; died 294 BC ) was the third and youngest son of Cassander and Thessalonica of Macedon , who was a half - sister of Alexander the Great .
Cunimund succeeded Thurisind as king .
Deng Pufang ( simplified Chinese : 邓朴方 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧樸方 ; pinyin : Dèng Pǔfāng ) ( born 16 April 1944 ) is the first son of China 's former Paramount leader Deng Xiaoping .
Camilla Way is the daughter of the poet and author Peter Way .
Deirdre was the daughter of the royal storyteller Fedlimid mac Daill .
Lieve Geelvinck ( 28 May 1676 - 22 August 1743 ) was the son of Joan Geelvinck and grandson of Cornelis Geelvinck and , following them into the vroedschap , he became administrator of the Dutch East India Company and member of the Council of State .
Louis the Younger considered himself the true heir of Louis the German and as his father died in 876 , Louis buried him in the abbey of Lorsch , in his own territories , in order to emphasise his primacy to his brothers .
Nicolas Grimal was born to Pierre Grimal in 1948 .
Manchu Manoj Kumar was born on 20 May 1983 to film actor Mohan Babu and Manchu Nirmala Devi .
Giulio d'Este ( July 13 , 1478 -- March 24 , 1561 ) was the illegitimate son of Ercole I d'Este , Duke of Ferrara , the result of an affair with Isabella Arduin , a lady in the service of Ercole 's wife .
Empery 's sire was Vaguely Noble , the winner of the 1968 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe who also sired Hunt 's great racing mare , Dahlia .
Matthieu Chedid is the son of French singer Louis Chedid , and the grandson of the Egyptian - born French writer and poetess of Lebanese descent Andrée Chedid who has written lyrics for him .
Lucien Bonaparte , Prince Français , 1st Prince of Canino and Musignano ( 21 May 1775 -- 29 June 1840 ) , born Luciano Buonaparte , was the third surviving son of Carlo Buonaparte and his wife Letizia Ramolino .
Lucy Toulmin Smith was born at Boston , Massachusetts , USA , on 21 November 1838 , of English parents , Joshua Toulmin Smith and his wife Martha .
Elizabeth Cady Stanton , the eighth of 11 children , was born in Johnstown , New York , to Daniel Cady and Margaret Livingston Cady .
Li Chongmei ( 李重美 ) ( d. January 11 , 937 ) , formally the Prince of Yong ( 雍王 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang , as a son of its last emperor Li Congke .
Chiang Hsiao - wu ( Chinese : 蔣孝武 ; also known as Alex Chiang ; April 25 , 1945 - July 1 , 1991 ) , was the second son of Chiang Ching - kuo , the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988 .
Ahmad Shah Bahadur , Mirza Ahmad Shah , Mujahid - ud - Din Ahmad Shah Ghazi ( 23 December 1725 -- 1 January 1775 ) was born to Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah .
Jean - Dominique , comte de Cassini ( 30 June 1748 -- 18 October 1845 ) was a French astronomer , son of César - François Cassini de Thury .
Warren Adams was born in Minervaville , South Carolina , in 1838 to Governor James Hopkins Adams and Jane Margaret Scott .
Georg Ludwig Hartig and Theodor Hartig 1840 .
Princess Astrid of Belgium , Archduchess of Austria - Este ( born 5 June 1962 ) , is the second child and only daughter of King Albert II and Queen Paola , and younger sister to the current Belgian monarch , King Philippe .
Heinrich Lossow 's father was Arnold Hermann Lossow , a Bremen sculptor .
A son of Storm Cat , who in 2006 became the world 's most expensive stallion , Tabasco Cat was out of the mare Barbicue Sauce .
Lady Eleanor Beaufort ( 1431 -- 16 August 1501 ) was the daughter of Edmund Beaufort , 2nd Duke of Somerset ( 1406 - 1455 ) , KG , and was a sister of the 3rd and 4th Dukes of Somerset .
Gervase of Blois was the illegitimate son of King Stephen of England and his mistress , Damette .
Margareta von Ascheberg was the youngest child of Field Marshal Rutger von Ascheberg and Magdalena Eleonora Busseck .
Nicholas Brend , born between 22 September 1560 and 21 September 1561 , was a younger son of Thomas Brend ( c. 1516 -- 21 September 1598 ) of West Molesey , Surrey , a London scrivener .
Herman II , Count of Winzenburg ( died 29 January 1152 ) was a son of Herman I , Count of Winzenburg and his second wife , Hedwig .
StudentsFirst is a political lobbying organization formed by U.S. public school reform advocate Michelle Rhee in 2010 , after she resigned as school chancellor of Washington D.C. public schools .
Angel Bakeries ( Hebrew : מאפיות אנג'ל‎ Ma'afiyot Angel ) , also known as Angel 's Bakery , is the largest commercial bakery in Israel , producing 275,000 loaves of bread and 275,000 rolls daily and controlling 30 percent of the country 's bread market .
The United States Africa Command ( U.S. AFRICOM ( official abbreviation ) , USAFRICOM , or AFRICOM ) is one of nine Unified Combatant Commands of the United States Armed Forces , headquartered at Kelley Barracks , Stuttgart , Germany .
RiverCity Motorway Group is a Queensland company that operates Brisbane 's first private tollway -- the Clem Jones Tunnel ( CLEM7 ) .
AM General is an American heavy vehicle manufacturer based in South Bend , Indiana .
The David Lynch Foundation For Consciousness - Based Education and World Peace ( DLF ) is a global charitable foundation with offices in New York City , Los Angeles , and Fairfield , Iowa .
Haas Automation , Inc is an American machine tool builder headquartered in Oxnard , California .
XTB is operated by X - Trade Brokers Dom Maklerski S.A. based in Warsaw , Poland ; its representative company , XTB Limited , is based in London , United Kingdom , and is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority .
The Gentle Barn is an American nonprofit 501(c)(3 ) animal welfare organization located in Santa Clarita , California .
Veteran Tickets Foundation ( VTF ) is a national , non - profit , 501c(3 ) organization located in Phoenix , Arizona that gives free event tickets to Veterans , Active Duty Military and their families .
Element Yachts is a second generation Canadian boatbuilding company located in Erin , Ontario .
SV Angel is a San Francisco - based angel investment firm , which helps startup companies with business development , financing , M&A and other strategic advice .
Alliance Trust PLC is a publicly traded investment and financial services company , headquartered in Dundee , Scotland .
Yvert et Tellier is a postage stamp dealer and a philatelic publishing company founded in 1895 in the northern French city of Amiens , where the head office is still located .
Coca Braun ( stylized as coca braun ) is an international photographic cooperative owned by its photographer - members , with offices located in Amsterdam , Munich and Berlin .
PetroSkills was founded in 1963 and is based out of Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck of America , Inc. ( MFTA ) , Logan Township , New Jersey , United States , imports and markets Class 3 through Class 5 diesel - powered , medium - duty cabover trucks through more than 200 dealer locations in the United States , Canada , Puerto Rico and Guam .
Tänapäev is an Estonian publishing house established in 1999 and headquartered in Tallinn .
Collings Guitars is an Austin , Texas based stringed instrument manufacturer .
Carson Helicopters , Inc is a helicopter operating company based in Perkasie , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Teen Driver Challenge ( TDC ) sponsored by the Florida Sheriffs Association ( FSA ) is a 12-hour course presented to students over a two - day period , ideally with a 5-to-1 student - to - instructor ratio .
Fairmount Heavy Transport was founded in 2005 and based in Rotterdam .
Best Before Records is a boutique independent record label based in London , United Kingdom .
Ariens Company is a Brillion , Wisconsin - based equipment company which has a long history manufacturing snow blowers and lawn tractors for commercial and high - end consumer markets .
PhotoDisc , Inc. based in Seattle , was a publisher of digital stock photography free of royalties .
Ultimate Pro Wrestling ( UPW ) was a Los Angeles , California based independent pro wrestling company owned and operated by Rick Bassman , that operated from 1999 to 2007 .
Second Intention is a game development consultancy based in Wellington , New Zealand .
Vodafone New Zealand is a telecommunications company operating in New Zealand ; it is a subsidiary of the London - listed company Vodafone Plc . It is New Zealand 's largest mobile phone operator , based in Auckland , and was formed in 1998 , after Vodafone purchased BellSouth 's New Zealand operations .
Tata Naka ( Georgian : თათა ნაკა ) is a dress label owned by Georgian twin sisters Tamar and Natasha Surguladze based in London , UK .
IISCO Steel Plant of Steel Authority of India Limited , located at Burnpur in Asansol , is an integrated steel plant with an installed capacity of producing 2.5 million tonnes of liquid steel .
The Dow Chemical Company ( NYSE : DOW ) , commonly referred to as Dow , is an American multinational chemical corporation headquartered in Midland , Michigan .
VF Corporation is an American worldwide apparel and footwear company founded in 1899 and headquartered in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Connexus Internet is an Australian - owned and operated ASX - listed Internet service provider founded and based in Melbourne , Australia , in 1989 , which primarily caters to the business sector .
Premier Foods plc is a British food manufacturer headquartered in St Albans , Hertfordshire .
Telasi is an electricity distribution company of Tbilisi , Georgia .
Steam Whistle Brewing is a brewery in Toronto .
The Austrian Federal Computing Centre or Bundesrechenzentrum ( BRZ ) is a public information technology ( IT ) service provider based in Vienna .
In 2006 DFDS Seaways stopped serving Sweden when MS Princess of Scandinavia was taken off service and the Copenhagen--
Orion Corporation , founded in 1917 and headquartered at Espoo , Finland , is a Finnish company , which develops , manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals , active pharmaceutical ingredients and diagnostic tests for global markets .
Polysoude is a French welding company headquartered in Nantes .
Direct Edge was a Jersey City , New Jersey - based stock exchange operating two separate platforms , EDGA Exchange and EDGX Exchange .
Roxtec Limited 's head office is in Bury , Greater Manchester , and is responsible for operations in the UK and Ireland .
The operating company , Pandora TV Co. , Ltd. , has its headquarters in the Seoul - Gangnam Building in Yeoksam - dong , Gangnam - gu , Seoul .
The Alaska Steamship Company was purchased in August 1944 for $ 4,290,000 by the Skinner and Eddy Corporation of Seattle .
CS Energy is an Australia - based electricity generating company owned by the Government of Queensland with its head office located in Fortitude Valley , Brisbane .
Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group is an aircraft maintenance , modification and design company located at Cambridge Airport , which it also owns and operates .
Qlipso was incubated and funded by Jerusalem Venture Partners and now headquartered in Los Angeles , California , with additional offices in New York City and Jerusalem , Israel .
Jilin Aodong Medicine Industry Group Company Limited ( SZSE : 000623 ; Chinese : 吉林敖東藥業集團股份有限公 ) is a state - owned enterprise in Dunhua , Jilin , China .
Namdhari 's Fresh ( a unit of Namdhari 's Seeds ) is a grocery store chain , started in 2000 in the city of Bangalore .
The Bank continues operations today under the Banco Nacional Ultramarino brand in Macau , a Chinese Special Administrative Region and former Portuguese colony , where it is also licensed to issue Macanese pataca banknotes .
Tricycle Records is a San Francisco based independent record label founded in 2006 by Julie Schuchard and Don Joslin ( The Union Trade ) .
The story of the Marcegaglia Group began in 1959 , when Steno Marcegaglia , not quite thirty , together with a partner , through Marcegaglia - Caraffini of Gazoldo degli Ippoliti ( Mantua ) , took over an artisan company producing irrigation pipes and metal guides for rolling shutters .
SCHIN was formed in 1993 as an academic research organization within the University of Newcastle upon Tyne .
On September 14 , 2010 it was announced that Music Oasis , Inc. of Scottsdale , AZ ; parent company of ZONE Radio Imaging , purchase Thompson Creative .
Petcetera was a pet specialty supply retailer founded in Richmond , British Columbia in 1995 by Dan Urbani .
The Islamic Insurance Company , also known as the First Takaful and Re - Takaful Insurance Company , is a private insurance firm based in Mogadishu , Somalia .
The National Theatre of Namibia is the State Theatre in the Namibian capital Windhoek .
Industria de Diseño Textil , S.A. ( Inditex ) ( /ˌɪndɪˈtɛks/ , Spanish : ( indiˈteks ) ; Textile Design Industries ) is a Spanish multinational clothing company headquartered in Arteixo , Galicia .
Maxim Recruitment Ltd is a British recruitment agency headquartered in Melton Mowbray , Leicestershire , England with associated offices located in Hong Kong and Dubai .
MENCK GmbH is a specialist offshore engineering company and part of the Acteon Group Ltd. Headquartered in Kaltenkirchen , North Germany , MENCK GmbH provides specialised hydraulic pile - driving services for the oil and gas industry and in the construction of other offshore structures such as bridges and wind farms .
William Gray & Company Ltd. was a British shipbuilding company located in West Hartlepool , County Durham , in North East England .
Coffee World is a brand of Global Franchise Architects ( GFA ) , a Geneva Switzerland - based company that builds , operates , and franchises a select portfolio of specialty food service brands .
Criminal IQ Records is an independent record label based in Chicago , Illinois , founded by John Babbin and Darius Hurley to facilitate the releases from Chicago 's no - wave / punk scene circa 2003 to present .
Cravens Railway Carriage and Wagon Company Limited was a railway rolling stock builder in the Darnall district of Sheffield , England .
Melstar Information Technologies ( BSE : 532307 ) is an application development software services company based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
SkyGreece Airlines S.A. was a Canadian - owned Greek airline headquartered in Markopoulo Mesogaias , Attica , near Athens .
Kenya Pipeline Company operates a pipeline system for transportation of refined petroleum products from Mombasa to Nairobi and western Kenya towns of Nakuru , Kisumu and Eldoret .
Indian Bank ( Hindi:इंडियन बैंक)(Tamil;இந்தியவங்கி ) is an Indian state - owned financial services company established in 1907 and headquartered in Chennai , India .
À la Table de Spanghero , commonly known as Spanghero , is a French meat processing company based in Castelnaudary , Aude .
Meanwhile , Swan Hunter inherited both the Naval Yard at High Walker on the River Tyne of Vickers - Armstrongs and the Hebburn Yard of Hawthorn Leslie in 1968 .
The Lefever Arms Company ( 1883 - -1916 ) was a manufacturer of guns in Syracuse , New York founded by Daniel Myron Lefever ( 1835 - -1906 ) who was an American gun maker , popularly known as `` Uncle Dan Lefever '' .
Para - Ski International was a Canadian aircraft manufacturer , based in Mascouche , Quebec .
Motovario ® was founded in 1965 by Giancarlo Raguzzoni in Formigine in the heart of Modena industrial district .
Nordseewerke Emden GmbH ( sometimes abbreviated NSWE , in English : North Sea Company ) was a shipbuilding company , located in the north German city of Emden .
BCI Engineers & Scientists , Inc. , based in Lakeland , Florida , is an Engineering / Geology consultant company .
Guardly is a Canadian - based security company with headquarters in Toronto .
The Tote , formerly the Horserace Totalisator Board and called in rhyming slang the nanny , is a British bookmaker with head offices in Wigan .
Budoart ( a portemanteau of boudoir and art ) is a contemporary art gallery specializing in contemporary Czech artists , based in Prague .
Hin Stuttligi Flokkurin ( English : The Funny Party ) was a joke political party in the Faroe Islands .
AC Lens is a privately held company based in Columbus , Ohio that sells contact lenses , eyeglasses and vision care products online .
North American Arms is a United States company , headquartered in Provo , Utah , that manufactures pocket pistols and mini - revolvers .
The Admiralty Shipyard ( Admiralty Wharves ) ( Russian : Адмиралтейские верфи ) ( formerly Soviet Shipyard No . 194 ) is one of the oldest and largest shipyards in Russia , located in Saint Petersburg .
Gelesis is a privately held biotechnology company located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Technogym is a manufacturer of fitness equipment based in Cesena , Italy .
TransAsia Airways ( TNA ; traditional Chinese : 復興航空 ; simplified Chinese : 复兴航空 ; pinyin : Fùxīng Hángkōng ) ( lit . `` Revival Airlines ) is an airline based in Neihu District , Taipei , Taiwan .
Buckeye Industries , also called Buckeye Aviation , was an American aircraft manufacturer , based in Argos , Indiana .
Tata Research Development and Design Centre ( TRDDC ) is the first software research centre in Pune India established by TCS in 1981.TRDDC undertakes research in Software Engineering , Process Engineering and Systems Research .
Sattler 's was a regional department store chain headquartered at 998 Broadway , Buffalo , New York , two miles ( 3 km ) from the downtown core .
Kolzam is a Polish company , based in Racibórz , specialising in the production , maintenance , and modernisation of railway rolling stock .
As of July 2012 , Wasabi Anime has hosted events in California , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , and Las Vegas .
The network operated by Belgrano Cargas extended through the provinces of Buenos Aires , Santa Fe , Córdoba , Mendoza , Santiago del Estero , San Juan , La Rioja , Catamarca , Tucumán , Chaco , Formosa , Salta and Jujuy .
Saint Thomas Health ( STHe ) is an integrated health delivery system based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Eugen Systems is a French video game developer based in Paris , France .
On August 31 , 1999 the company was incorporated in Delaware as Virata Corporation and the company headquarters became Bunker Hill Lane , Santa Clara , California 95054 .
Heartland REACT is a chapter of REACT International based in Omaha , Nebraska .
Gábor Kornél Tolnai , born November 22 , 1902 in Budapest , died on February 3 , 1982 in Stockholm , was a Hungarian - Swedish Diploma engineer , inventor , constructor , mechanical engineer , precision engineer , electrical engineer and a self - employed person .
Old Chang Kee ( Chinese : 老曾记 ; pinyin : Lǎocéngjì ) is an established snack chain in Singapore specialising in curry puffs and other local snacks .
Libreria antiquaria Bourlot is an historic antiquarian bookshop in Turin , Italy .
Carrenza , is a cloud - computing company based in London , United Kingdom .
Uttara Bank Limited ( UBL ) was established in 1965 with the head office located at Motijheel in Dhaka .
WellCare Health Plans , Inc. began operations in 1985 and is based in Tampa , Florida .
OneSimCard was introduced in 2007 by parent company Belmont Telecom Inc. a licensed U.S. interexchange carrier providing telecommunications services since 1994 .
Charles Tombras Advertising , Inc. , dba The Tombras Group , is a full service advertising agency founded in 1946 and headquartered in Knoxville , Tennessee , noted for its national advertising campaigns in the United States .
Whittier Street Health Center is a Federally Qualified Health Center that provides primary care and support services to primarily low - income , racially and ethnically diverse populations mostly from the Roxbury , Dorchester , and Mattapan neighborhoods of Boston , Massachusetts .
Simon Fraser University , commonly referred to as SFU , is a public research university in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada , with its main campus on Burnaby Mountain and satellite campuses in Downtown Vancouver and Surrey .
Lifan Industry ( Group ) Co. , Ltd. ( Lifan Group or Lifan , Chinese : 力帆 , lit . `` Great Sail '' ) is a privately owned Chinese motorcycle and automobile manufacturer headquartered in Chongqing , China .
Alleycat 's Pizza , usually referred to simply as Alleycat 's , is a pizzeria chain restaurant that started in Taipei , Taiwan , in 2004 .
In 1983 T / Maker Company was incorporated in Mountain View , California by Heidi Roizen --
X - Rite , Inc. is a manufacturer of color measurement and management solutions , located in Grand Rapids , Michigan , United States .
Cornerstone OnDemand Inc. is a cloud - based learning and talent management solutions provider headquartered in Santa Monica , California .
After immigrating from Russian - controlled Congress Poland to the United States in 1904 Max Factor moved his family and business to Los Angeles , California , seeing an opportunity to provide made - to - order wigs and theatrical make - up to the growing film industry .
Incinerator Studios was an American video game developer , based in Carlsbad , California .
Vitol has almost 40 offices worldwide and its largest operations are in Geneva , Houston , London , and Singapore .
Laverda S.p . A. -- in the small rural village of Breganze in Vicenza province ( North - East of Italy ) .
China High Speed Transmission was founded in 1969 , formerly Nanjing Machine Tool Repairing Plant .
Attica TV is a Greek regionally based television station in Aspropyrgos of Attica .
Stuckey 's Corporation , the company operating the chains , has its headquarters in Eastman , Georgia .
Vasanta Group is the UK 's largest office supplies company , headquartered in Sheffield .
SemGroup headquartered in Tulsa , Oklahoma , is a transporter of oil and natural gas through pipelines from refineries to end users , as well as the manufacturer and seller of asphalt .
Got Game Entertainment , LLC was an American developer and publisher of videogames , based in Weston , Connecticut .
Tata Group is an Indian multinational conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
In 2003 , Rasmussen founded Rasmussen Reports , based in Asbury Park , New Jersey .
BAM Nuttall Limited ( formerly known as Edmund Nuttall Limited ) is a construction and civil engineering company headquartered in Camberley , United Kingdom .
Swiss Chalet is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants founded in 1954 in Toronto .
The Artery Foundation is a full - service management company based in California and founded in 2004 .
Wilhelm J. Sluka or the Conditorei Sluka is a famous Konditorei and café in Vienna , and a traditional k.u.k .
Its first AirMall at the Pittsburgh International Airport in 1992 .
Joyce Boutique Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 647 ) is a famous fashion retailer in Hong Kong .
TBWA Worldwide is an international advertising agency whose headquarters are in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , United States .
Churches for Middle East Peace ( CMEP ) is a 501 ( c)(3 ) non - profit advocacy organization based in Washington , D.C. As a coalition of Orthodox , Catholic and Protestant churches , CMEP works to influence American policy in ways that will bring justice and peace for all people and countries in the Middle East .
The Foundation for California Community Colleges is a 501(c)(3 ) tax - exempt nonprofit organization based in Sacramento , California .
Topps Tiles plc is a British national retailer based in Enderby .
The Equal Justice Initiative ( or EJI ) is a non - profit organization , based in Montgomery , Alabama , that provides legal representation to prisoners who may have been wrongly convicted of crimes , poor prisoners , and others who may have been denied a fair trial .
TNT N.V. was an international express , mail delivery and logistics services company with headquarters in Hoofddorp , Netherlands .
Young Rewired State ( often stylized as YRS ) is an organisation based in the United Kingdom , which run events and schemes for technically gifted young people aged 18 and under .
The Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation ( TWSE ; Chinese : 臺灣證券交易所 ; pinyin : Táiwān Zhèngquàn Jiāoyì Suǒ ) is a financial institution , located in Taipei 101 , in Taipei , Taiwan .
Vosper & Company , often referred to simply as Vospers , was a British shipbuilding company based in Portsmouth , England .
The University of Giessen , officially called the Justus Liebig University Giessen ( German : Justus - Liebig - Universität Gießen ) , is a large public research university in Giessen , Hesse , Germany .
The Cobthorn Trust was formed in 1986 , originally to support and promote the conservation activities at Cobthorn Farm in Congresbury , North Somerset .
ONEOK , Inc. is a diversified Fortune 200 corporation based in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Bruntwood is a family - owned property company offering office space , serviced offices , retail space and virtual offices in the north of England and Birmingham in the United Kingdom .
Crystal Fountains Inc. , known as Crystal , is a water feature design and product manufacturing firm based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The central office of Nepal Telecom is located at Bhadrakali Plaza , Kathmandu .
Ecotricity is a green energy company based in Stroud , Gloucestershire , England specialising in selling green energy to consumers that it primarily generated from its 70 megawatt wind power portfolio ( they prefer the term Windmill rather than Wind - Turbine ) .
Originally covering only Windhoek , Rehoboth and Okahandja , One Africa Television has grown significantly .
A. Reyrolle & Company was a British engineering firm based in Hebburn , Tyne and Wear in the North East of England .
PTW Architects is an Australian architecture firm founded in Sydney in 1889 .
AGS Airports Limited is the United Kingdom - based owner of Aberdeen , Glasgow and Southampton Airports .
Space Exploration Technologies Corporation ( SpaceX ) is an American aerospace manufacturer and space transport services company with its headquarters in Hawthorne , California , USA .
Songkick is one of the original high tech startups in London 's Silicon Roundabout area .
Fine Spinners and Doublers was a major cotton spinning business based in Manchester , England .
C&I Eurotrans XXI is a coachbuilder based in Bucharest , Romania .
JT Storage ( also known as JTS Corporation , JTS Corp and JTS ) was a maker of inexpensive IDE hard drives for personal computers based in San Jose , California .
Elite Gudz was an independent game and creative studio based in New York , NY .
Learn.com was a software company headquartered in Sunrise , Florida .
Byline Bank is an American bank based in Chicago .
MindWorks Media is a film production company based in Islamabad , Pakistan , founded by Hassan Waqas Rana , Umar Garcia Tariq and Umair Jaswal in 2008 .
Vero Precision Engineering Ltd ( VPE ) was a UK machine - tool manufacturing company which operated from premises at 7 South Mill Rd , Southampton SO15 4JW .
World Television ( WTV SA ) is one of the longest established creative and digital video communications agency in Europe , headquartered in Geneva , Switzerland with fully staffed offices in London , Cologne , Frankfurt , Madrid , Stockholm and Zurich .
Ranchi Science Centre is the first science centre in the state of Jharkhand in India , under Jharkhand Council on Science & Technology ( JCST ) of Department of Science & Technology , Government of Jharkhand ( GOJ ) .
Magirus GmbH is a truck manufacturer based in Ulm , Germany , founded by Conrad Dietrich Magirus ( 1824 - -1895 ) .
Nitrome , commonly known as Nitrome Limited , is a British independent game development company based in London .
Burson - Marsteller is a global public relations and communications firm headquartered in New York City .
Immediate Music , LLC ( commonly known as Immediate Music ) is a music composition company based in Santa Monica that is notable for providing a specialized library of high - end trailer music for commercial motion pictures .
Finansbank is a Turkish bank with headquarters in Levent , Istanbul .
Liceo Mirella Catalán Urzúa ( English : Mirella Catalán Urzúa High School ) is a Chilean high school located in Paredones , Cardenal Caro Province , Chile .
Autolinee Regionali Luganesi ( ARL ) is a public transport operator in the region around the Swiss city of Lugano .
HIP Video Promo is a privately owned music video promotion company based out of South River , New Jersey .
The Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau was a German engineering firm based in the present - day district of Übigau in the city of Dresden , Germany .
Hidesign is a leather goods manufacturer based in Pondicherry , India .
Coraid , Inc. was a computer data storage vendor that provided storage area network ( SAN ) products that used Ethernet , headquartered in Redwood City , California .
Pontiflex is a mobile advertising company based in Brooklyn , NY .
Proper Games is a British video game developer based in Dundee , Scotland .
Warehouse Shoe Sale , branded as WSS , is a retail chain of shoe stores headquartered in Los Angeles , California , with 67 retail outlets as of July 2015 .
Hanna Andersson is an American , Portland , Oregon - based corporation that specializes in children 's apparel .
Traverse Legal , PLC is a law office in Traverse City , Michigan and Los Angeles California .
Sparebanken Møre is a Norwegian savings bank , headquartered in Ålesund , Norway .
Foreverlamp is headquartered in the Hong Kong and holds regional offices in Beijing , Taipei and Los Angeles .
Titan Cement Company S.A. is a large multinational cement and building materials producing company , based in Athens , Greece .
Graymatics is a cognitive media processing company based in Santa Clara , California , United States and in Singapore .
SH Arnolt Inc. of Chicago and Warsaw Indiana sold four different manufacturer 's cars with Bertone bodies during the period 1953 to 1968 .
The 1980s included further expansion activities for Fountain Tire : a move to the new head office based in southeast Edmonton , a change in Fountain Tire 's expansion strategy , and a partnership formed with one of the world 's top tire manufacturers , Goodyear .
On November 3 , 2010 , 38 Studios announced the closure of its $ 75 million financing package in conjunction with the EDC and the relocation of the Maynard , Massachusetts development studio to One Empire Plaza , Providence , Rhode Island , in early 2011 .
Crowley Milner and Company , generally referred to as Crowley 's , was a department store chain founded in Detroit , Michigan in 1909 .
Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras S / A ( Azul Brazilian Airlines ; or simply Azul ) is a low cost carrier based in Barueri .
Tinsley & Hull was a Savannah , Georgia based cotton brokerage which became insolvent in 1913 .
Weatherbys is a privately owned English company , established 1770 , and currently based in Wellingborough , Northamptonshire .
Neiman Marcus , originally Neiman - Marcus , is an American luxury specialty department store owned by the Neiman Marcus Group , headquartered in Dallas , Texas .
BTA Bank ( Kazakh : БТА ) ( BTA Bank Joint - Stock Company in full ) is a Kazakhstan bank with headquarters in Almaty .
The Young PAP ( YP ) is the youth - wing of Singapore 's governing People 's Action Party ( PAP ) , and serves as a youth organisation for young adults and students in Singapore who support the ruling party and have an interest in politics .
Icing Works is a Penarth based supplier of cupcake cases , boxes and icing equipment to cupcake shops .
In 2000 , after the assassination of Brigadier Saunders by the terrorist group 17 November ( 17N ) , and especially with the forthcoming Athens Olympics being a major terrorist target , a significant international pressure was exerted on PASOK to recognise that Greece had a terrorist problem and do everything possible to bring the terrorist group to justice .
Nicaise et Delcuve was a Belgian metal engineering company based in La Louvière , Belgium .
The Co - operative Bank plc is a retail and commercial bank in the United Kingdom , with its headquarters in Balloon Street , Manchester .
Atommash ( Russian : `` Атоммаш '' ) is a multidisciplinary engineering company located in Volgodonsk , Rostov Oblast , Russia .
Hana Micron was founded in 2001 and its headquarters is located in Asan City , South Korea .
Diffus Design is a design company and consultancy based in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Apollo Education Group , Inc. is an S&P 400 corporation based in the South Phoenix area of Phoenix , Arizona .
Robbs was a mid - size department store in Hexham , owned by Beales .
The Harsco Infrastructure Deutschland GmbH ( formerly Hünnebeck GmbH ) , with its headquarters located in Ratingen , Germany , is a subsidiary of the Harsco Corporation .
Solar Trust of America was an integrated solar industrial solutions company founded in 2009 and based in Oakland , California .
Bryant University is a private university , located in Smithfield , Rhode Island , U.S. , that grants the degrees of bachelor of arts , bachelor of science , and master 's degrees in business , taxation and accounting .
Sud Radio Groupe ( from 1992 until 2010 Groupe Start ) is a French company established in 1992 which engages in radio publishing and is based in Orléans , France .
Pearson and Darling was an architectural firm based in Toronto from 1897 through 1923 , a key player in shaping the urban look of the city and the rest of Canada in the first half of the 20th century .
Rap - A - Lot Records is a Houston hip hop record label that was created in 1986 .
Adam and Noah Brown were American shipbuilders , based in New York City , who were active between 1804 and 1833 .
The Behemoth development studio is located in San Diego , California .
Steelcase is a United States - based furniture company founded in 1912 in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Parks ' Fly Shop is a fly shop and licensed fly fishing outfitter in Gardiner , Montana .
Energen Resources Corporation is the subsidiary of Energen Corporation , an oil and gas exploration and production company with headquarters in Birmingham , Alabama .
Future Group is an Indian private conglomerate , headquartered in Mumbai .
PASHA Holding is a private investment company based in Baku , Azerbaijan .
McSweeney 's Publishing is an American non - profit publishing house founded by editor Dave Eggers in 1998 , headquartered in San Francisco .
Antarctic Press is a United States , San Antonio - based comic book publishing company which publishes `` American Manga '' style comic books .
Alinta Energy is an American - owned gas and electricity retailer with headquarters based in Sydney , New South Wales .
ElasticHosts is a computer service provider based in London , UK .
Norconex headquarters are in Gatineau , Quebec , Canada .
Peek Freans is the name of a former biscuit making company based in Bermondsey , London , which is now a global brand of biscuits and related confectionery owned by various food businesses .
Afara Websystems Inc. was a Sunnyvale , California , USA server company whose goal was to build servers surrounding a custom high - throughput CPU architecture , `` developing IP traffic management systems that will bring quality - of - service to the next generation of IP access infrastructure . ''
Specter Aircraft , Inc. was an American aircraft manufacturer , founded by James D Gessford in 1997 and based in Bancroft , Idaho .
Headquartered in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , Novant Health serves more than 4 million patients annually .
CEMEX S.A.B. de C.V. , known as Cemex , is a Mexican multinational building materials company headquartered in San Pedro , near Monterrey , Mexico .
Based in San Francisco , Calif. , WibiData is backed by investors such as Canaan Partners , New Enterprise Associates , SV Angel , and Eric Schmidt .
Everonn Education Limited is an education and training company based in Chennai India .
Shahrvand has introduced weekly arts and cultural listings provided in partnership with Toronto 's NOW magazine .
Tsinghua Tongfang Company Limited ( SSE : 600100 ) , held by Tsinghua Holdings Company Limited of Tsinghua University in Beijing , is engaged in consumer electronics , information technology , energy and environment industries .
Russell Hobbs is a manufacturer of household appliances based in Failsworth , Greater Manchester , England .
Chattem is an American , Chattanooga , Tennessee - based , producer and marketer of over - the - counter healthcare products , toiletries , dietary supplements , topical analgesics , and medicated skin care products .
Vanbreda International was a diversified cross - border health care insurance provider , headquartered in Antwerp , Belgium .
Fletcher Construction is widely recognised in New Zealand , and has participated in various major projects including constructing the Auckland Sky Tower .
Valpak prints , packages and ships its coupon envelopes from the Valpak Manufacturing Center ( VMC ) , a $ 200-million , 500,000-square - foot print production facility in St. Petersburg , Florida .
Kantana Group Public Company Limited ( Thai : บริษัท กันตนา กรุ๊ป จำกัด bor - rí - sàt gan - dtà - năa gróop jam - gàt ) is a film and television production company based in Bangkok , Thailand .
Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust ( Norwegian : Sykehusapotekene i Midt - Norge HF ) is a health trust owned by Central Norway Regional Health Authority that operates four hospital pharmacies at St. Olavs Hospital in Trondheim , Kristiansund Hospital , Molde Hospital and Ålesund Hospital .
Falcon Cycles is a British bicycle manufacturer based in Brigg , North Lincolnshire , owned by Tandem Group .
Autonomous Solutions , Inc. ( also known by the acronym ASI ) was founded in 2000 as a spinoff from Utah State University and is headquartered in Petersboro , Utah .
Mostogradnja ( Građevinsko preduzeće Mostogradnja a.d . Beograd ) is the leading Serbian bridge building company , with headquarters in Belgrade and daughter companies in Podgorica , Montenegro and Banjaluka , Bosnia and Herzegovina and a representative office in Moscow , Russia .
The Missouri Boys State program hosts approximately 960 students , or citizens , and more than 130 volunteer staff members for 8 days on the University of Central Missouri campus .
Marble Arms & Manufacturing Company of Gladstone , Michigan began in 1892 with the invention and manufacture of the Marble Universal Rifle Sight by Webster L. Marble .
The Yucaipa Companies , LLC is a Los Angeles - based holding company founded in 1986 by Ronald Burkle .
Loma Negra enhanced its market leadership position in its industry locally by acquiring the newly privatized Ferrosur Roca railway line and a chief competitor , Cementos San Martín S.A. , in 1992 ; that year Fortabat inaugurated the group 's new headquarters in downtown Buenos Aires .
Ronimo Games is a Dutch video game developer founded in 2007 by former students of the Utrecht School of the Arts .
Bristeil is an independent band , which playing in indie rock style , although they call their music style as intelligent rock and located in Minsk , Belarus .
The 2,918 km ( 1,813 mi ) , 1,520 mm ( 4 ft 11 27⁄32 in ) gauge network is electrified at 3 kV ( 3,000 V ) DC . The headquarters of the Azerbaijan Railways is in the capital Baku .
GMHBA Limited is a not - for - profit , 100 % member based private health insurer , based in Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Established in 2009 , India Home Health Care ( IHHC ) provides home health care and home nursing services in Chennai , Bangalore , Hyderabad , Pune & Gujrat in India .
Arabian Television Network ( ATN ) was a Dubai , United Arab Emirates - based broadcast media company , part of Arab Media Group .
Banco Bicentenario is a bank based in Caracas .
Calma Company , based in Sunnyvale , California , was , between 1965 and 1988 , a vendor of digitizers and minicomputer - based graphics systems targeted at the cartographic and electronic , mechanical and architectural design markets .
Harbor Freight Tools is a privately held discount tool and equipment retailer , headquartered in Calabasas , California , which operates a chain of retail stores as well as a mail - order and eCommerce business .
Out of Line Music is a German electronic music label based in Berlin .
Synchrony Financial is a consumer financial services company headquartered in Stamford , Connecticut , United States .
Society Insurance is a business insurance carrier headquartered in Fond du Lac , Wisconsin .
Libro Credit Union , Libro , or Libro Credit Union Limited , is a credit union based in London , Ontario .
W.D. & H.O. Wills was a British tobacco importer and cigarette manufacturer formed in Bristol , England .
Prathama Blood Centre is blood bank situated at Ahmedabad , jointly established in 2000 , by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation and Advanced Transfusion Medicine Research Foundation as non - profit voluntary organization .
Mahindra Ugine Steel ( MUSCO ) ( BSE : 504823 ) is a manufacturer of specialty steel , stampings , and rings headquartered in Mumbai , India .
Retail Slut was a clothing store in Los Angeles , California , USA that specialized in punk , goth , and underground fashions .
IANOS SA is a Greek - based book , music and art retailer with several stores in the two major cities , Thessaloniki and Athens .
Schuberth is currently based in Magdeburg and employs about 300 employees , producing 1.5 million helmets each year .
Britannia Industries Limited ( A WADIA Enterprise ) is an Indian food - products corporation based in Bangalore , India .
The Somali Red Crescent Society ( SRCS ) is a non - political , independent humanitarian organization in Somalia and is part of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement .
Wegelin & Co. is a now - defunct bank that was located in St. Gallen in the Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland , and specialized in private banking and asset management .
Nutting Associates was an arcade game manufacturer from Mountain View , California , formed in 1965 when Bill Nutting spun off `` The Knowledge Computer '' prototype from Edex Corp. Nutting , Richard Ball , and an electronic technician redesigned it to `` The Computer Quiz '' coin - operated trivia game .
Big Doe Camp was a boys ' residential summer camp located on Big Doe Lake not far from the village of Burk 's Falls , Ontario .
Golden Gate Capital is an American private equity firm based in San Francisco .
W. W. Norton & Company is an American publishing company based in New York City .
St. Xavier 's Alumni Association ( SXAA ) is an alumni organization for former students of the St. Xavier 's High School , Patna in Patna , India .
The Feral Cat Coalition of Oregon ( FCCO ) is a nonprofit Trap - Neuter - Return ( TNR ) organization based in Portland , Oregon .
Estudio Haini is an animation studio located in Guadalajara , Mexico , recognised for its short films El relato de Sam Brennan ( Sam Brennan 's tale ) and El funeral de Don Jején ( Mr. Sandfly 's wake ) .
Social Solutions is a 100 + person software company with headquarters in Baltimore , Maryland .
North American Rotorwerks LLC ( English : North American Rotorworks ) is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Tukwila , Washington , founded by John Vanvoorhees .
Cartamundi Group , also called Carta Mundi , is a Belgian company , based in Turnhout , that manufactures , produces and sells board games , card games , collectible card games , packages and playing cards through its manufacturing and sales subsidiaries .
Harris Interactive , headquartered in Rochester , New York , was a market research firm , known for The Harris Poll .
The Dodsal Group is a diversified multinational conglomerate headquartered in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Celtrak Ltd. is an Irish IT and Electronic Engineering company based in Galway which designs , manufactures , and provides operations management services for industry and public authorities across Europe , North America , and the Middle East .
Raytheon 's headquarters moved from Lexington , Massachusetts , to Waltham , Massachusetts , in 2003 .
The Airscoot was a quite unusual car made by the Wichita , Kansas - based company Aircraft Products in 1947 to fit the need for a small car that could commute to and from airports then be folded up and put aboard private aircraft .
The McDonnell Aircraft Corporation was an American aerospace manufacturer based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Signature Creative conceived The Sunset Strip Music Festival with the City of West Hollywood in 2007 to brand and drive consumers to venues and hotels .
Time Warner Inc. ( TWI , at one former interval named AOL Time Warner , stylized as TimeWarner since 2003 ) is an American Multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in the Time Warner Center in New York City .
IntraCorp was a Miami , Florida - based game publisher , founded in 1984 .
American Health Connection is an American healthcare call center corporation , headquartered in Beverly Hills , California .
National Research Nuclear University MEPhI ( Moscow Engineering Physics Institute ) / MEPhI ) ( Russian : Национальный исследовательский ядерный университет `` МИФИ '' / НИЯУ МИФИ or МИФИ ) is one of the most recognized technical universities in Russia .
Banner Health is a non - profit health system in the United States , based in Phoenix , Arizona .
Wabash Valley Power Association is an electric generation and transmission cooperative headquartered in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Saudi Oger Ltd ( Arabic : سعودي أوجيه‎ ) , is a Saudi construction company , incorporated in January 1978 with its headquarters in Riyadh .
Seabird Aviation Australia ( Seabird Aviation Australia Pty Limited ) is an Australian speciality aircraft manufacturer based in Hervey Bay , Queensland .
Founded in 2007 , Evolven is headquartered in Jersey City , New Jersey , USA , with offices in Europe and Israel .
Ariel Investments is an investment company located in Chicago , Illinois .
Fox River Mills , Inc. , is a sock manufacturer based in Osage , Iowa .
TEOCO is a telecom software solutions company based in Fairfax , Virginia in the United States .
Shaker Verlag is a German publishing house located in Maastricht and Herzogenrath ( postal address Aachen ) , established in 1986 by Dr. Chaled Shaker .
SATUMA ( Surveillance And Target Unmanned Aircraft ) is a privately owned designer and manufacturer of unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAV ) based in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Camp+King is a San Francisco - based advertising agency launched in February 2011 as part of Havas Worldwide .
The Taft - Peirce Manufacturing Company was a pioneering sewing machine company established in 1875 at Woonsocket , Rhode Island , United States .
GrubStreet , Inc. is a non - profit creative writing center located in the heart of Boston , Massachusetts .
The `` Social Enterprise Association '' , also known as `` SE Association '' , is a platform to bring together social entrepreneurs , social enterprises , academic institutions , and businesses in Singapore .
Desert Schools Federal Credit Union is a federally insured and chartered credit union based in Phoenix , Arizona , that operates about 50 branches and service centers throughout Gila , Maricopa , and Pinal counties in Arizona .
Vétra was founded in 1925 and was based in Paris .
BigPond is Australia 's largest provider of Cable Internet access , which covers parts of Australia 's main cities ( Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , Sydney , Adelaide and the Gold Coast ) .
University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics ( UW Hospital and Clinics or UWHC ) is a 592-bed academic medical center with 85 outpatient clinics in Madison , Wisconsin .
The West Coast Customs flagship 60,000 square foot facility , is headquartered in Burbank , CA with 10 leading - edge departments offering a range of extraordinary custom services for projects of any size , scope or budget .
Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd. ( TSX : WDO ) is a mining , exploration and development company based in Toronto , Ontario , focused primarily on gold .
Li & Fung was founded in 1906 in modern - day Guangzhou and is headquartered in Hong Kong .
LG Display is headquartered in Seoul , South Korea and currently operates nine fabrication facilities and seven back - end assembly facilities in Korea , China , Poland and Mexico .
Lear Corporation headquartered in Southfield , Michigan , USA , is a Fortune 500 company , engaged in the business of manufacturing and distribution of automotive seating and electrical distribution systems .
China Yuchai International Limited , a holding company listed in NYSE , was established in 1993 , and now has headquarters in Singapore .
Headquartered in Marlton , New Jersey , Acsis is a privately held company whose primary shareholder is the private equity firm Saints Capital .
During its period of operation the Bombay Talkies produced 40 movies in Malad , a suburb of the Indian city of Bombay ( now known as Mumbai ) .
FasterCures is a Washington , D.C .-- based think tank that focuses on accelerating medical research .
The Union and Liberty Party ( Spanish : Partido Unión y Libertad , PUL ) is a political party in San Luis Province , Argentina .
The University of Delaware Press ( UDP ) is a publishing house and a department of the University of Delaware in the United States , whose main campus is at Newark , Delaware , where the University Press is also based .
The firm is headquartered in New York City , with branch offices in Massachusetts , Connecticut , New Jersey , California , New Mexico , and Washington , DC . The firm also conducts business as Weidlinger Associates , Ltd. , in Scotland , UK .
The Meeting House is a Canadian church located in the Toronto suburb of Oakville , Ontario .
Akademie Verlag is a German scientific and academic publishing company , originally founded in 1946 in the Soviet - occupied Eastern part of divided Berlin to facilitate the publication of works by and for the German Academy of Sciences Berlin .
Trans Mediterranean Airways SAL , styled as TMA Cargo ( Arabic : الخطوط الجوية عبر المتوسط‎ ) , was a cargo airline based in Beirut , Lebanon .
Rebellion Developments Ltd. ( commonly referred to as Rebellion ) is a British video game developer based in Oxford , England , known for its Sniper Elite series and multiple games in the Alien vs. Predator series .
The Lokalbahn AG company ( Lokalbahn Aktien - Gesellschaft ) , or ' LAG ' for short , was a private company based in Munich , Bavaria , whose lines of business was the construction and operation of branch lines ( the so - called Lokalbahnen or Sekundärbahnen ) in Germany and Austria - Hungary .
Magmic Inc. is an Ottawa - based developer and publisher of mobile entertainment and lifestyle software .
Charlton Media Group ( CMG ) is a Montreal - based publisher owned and operated by Canadian entrepreneur Roger Broughton .
In 1997 , Shea Properties acquired the California - based Mission Viejo Company which included 900 acres of land in Mission Viejo , Aliso Viejo , and Rancho Santa Margarita areas of Orange County and more than 22,000 acres of land in Highlands Ranch , Colorado .
Brown 's Velvet Dairy , now Brown 's Dairy , is a historic business in the Central City section of New Orleans , Louisiana , USA .
Vereinigte Bühnen Wien ( VBW ) , or United Stages Vienna , is a musical production company based in Vienna , Austria which produced several own musicals that were very successful .
Leopold Bros. is a family - owned and operated distillery located in Denver , Colorado .
The Kiss Kiss Cabaret is a live weekly variety show presenting vaudeville and neo - burlesque on Friday nights at the Uptown Broadway Building in Chicago , IL .
Master Motors is a truck manufacturer based in Port Qasim , Karachi , Pakistan as a part of the Master Group of Industries .
McColo was a San Jose - based web hosting service provider .
Mützig is a beer brand owned by Heineken and its subsidiaries , and was originally brewed in 1810 by Brasserie Mutzig of Alsace , France .
Located at Kirtland Air Force Base , New Mexico , the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center is a direct reporting unit of Headquarters , United States Air Force .
Mercedes - Benz India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG founded in 1994 , with headquarters in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
As an independent , non - profit organisation based in The Hague , the Netherlands , Nuffic supports internationalisation in higher education , research and professional education in the Netherlands and abroad , and helps improve access to higher education worldwide .
Hong Ying Animation ( simplified Chinese : 鸿鹰动画 ; traditional Chinese : 鴻鷹動畫 ; pinyin : Hóng Yīng Dònghuà ) is an animation studio located in Taipei , Taiwan , Republic of China and Shanghai , China .
New Romance for Kids is a Canadian DIY independent record label founded in Montreal .
Madhyamam Broadcasting Limited is an Indian Media & Entertainment company , based in Kozhikode , Kerala , India .
Jopen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjoːpə(n ) ) ) is a beer brand from Haarlem , Netherlands .
Leonard Fairclough & Son Ltd was a construction firm based in Adlington , Lancashire , England .
Xstream Pictures is a Chinese production company based out of Beijing and Hong Kong that was founded by filmmakers Jia Zhangke , Chow Keung , and Yu Lik - wai .
Two years later in 1966 , BBC Cymru Wales ' new headquarters at Broadcasting House in Cardiff opened and the first colour broadcast for Wales followed in 1970 .
Kineo Computer Aided Motion ( `` Kineo CAM '' ) was a computer software company based in Toulouse , France that was awarded the European ICT Prize in 2007 in Hannover , Germany for KineoWorks , its automatic motion planning , path planning and pathfinding technology .
Marlin & Associates ( M&A ) is a New York City based boutique investment banking and strategic advisory firm , advising owners and managers of U.S. and international companies in the technology , digital information , and healthcare - related sectors .
DTE Energy Electric Company ( Formerly The Detroit Edison Company ) , founded in 1903 , is an investor - owned electric utility which serves most of Southeast Michigan .
Kiss Flights was a trading name for Flight Options Ltd , based in London .
First Intuition 's most notable achievement to date is becoming the youngest business ever to win the Accountancy College of the year award twice , in both 2010 ( awarded to London ) and 2012 ( awarded to Cambridge ) .
Boodle 's is a London gentlemen 's club , founded in 1762 , at 49 - -51 Pall Mall , London by Lord Shelburne , the future Marquess of Lansdowne and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Amigos de las Américas ( or AMIGOS ) is a nonprofit organization based in Houston , Texas with 25 chapters across the USA .
Buttrey Food & Drug was a chain of grocery stores founded in Havre , Montana and formerly headquartered in Great Falls , Montana .
Intelsat maintains its corporate headquarters in Luxembourg , with a majority of staff and satellite functions -- administrative headquarters -- located at the Intelsat Corporation offices in Washington , DC . In 2012 , Intelsat announced that they would relocate their US headquarters from Washington to nearby Tysons Corner , Virginia by mid-2014 .
WhiteWater West is a manufacturing company based in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada .
Zionex is headquartered in Seoul ( Korea ) , with offices in Tokyo ( Japan ) .
CureVac is a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Tübingen , Germany , that develops therapies based on messenger RNA ( mRNA ) .
J.C. Bradford & Co. was a Nashville - based investment banking and brokerage firm founded by James Cowdon Bradford Sr . in 1927 .
The Southern Yacht Club is located in New Orleans , Louisiana 's West End neighborhood , on the shores of Lake Pontchartrain .
Commodities Corporation ( frequently referred to as `` CC '' ) was a financial services company , based in Princeton , New Jersey that traded actively across various commodities .
In 2007 it was acquired by the German company 10tacle Studios AG . After a financially unstable 10tacle Studios AG . ceased to pay salaries in April 2008 , StormRegion lost its employees and was forced to close its Budapest office .
Transarc Corporation was a private Pittsburgh - based software company founded in 1989 by Jeffrey Eppinger , Michael L. Kazar , Alfred Spector , and Dean Thompson of Carnegie Mellon University .
The Metropolitan Steamship Company was for 75 years one of the chief transportation links between New York City and Boston , Massachusetts .
Unleashed Music is a Los Angeles - based marketing , management , label services and publishing consultancy , as well as an independent record label .
Polnet Communications , Ltd. is a Chicago , Illinois - based company that owns 8 AM radio stations in the United States .
The Dutch Safety Board ( DSB ; Dutch : Onderzoeksraad Voor Veiligheid , OVV , literally `` Investigation Council for Safety '' ) is based in The Hague , the Netherlands .
The Lao Asia Pacific Brewery ( LAPB ) is a producer of beer in Laos and is based in Vientiane .
Bob 's Watches is an online marketplace for the resale of Rolex watches based in Huntington Beach , California .
Alterkeys has offices in Madrid , Seville and London .
Adeline Software International was a video game developer founded in February 1993 as a subsidiary company of Delphine Software International , and based in Lyon , France .
Door Ons Vrienden Opgericht , known as DOVO is a football club from Veenendaal , the Netherlands .
The Verville Aircraft Company was a Detroit , Michigan based manufacturer of small airplanes and flying boats , which became bankrupt during the Great Depression .
NetherRealm Studios is an American video game developer based in Chicago , Illinois .
Mapfre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmafɾe ) , officially typeset MAPFRE ) is a Spanish insurance company , based in Majadahonda , Madrid .
Bonwit Teller & Co. was a department store in New York City founded by Paul Bonwit in 1895 at Sixth Avenue and 18th Street .
Phoenix Natural Gas is the largest gas distribution business in Northern Ireland , being the owner and operator of the licence for the distribution network in the Greater Belfast area .
Rail Cargo Austria ( RCA ) is an Austrian rail freight transportation company with its headquarters in Vienna .
Bersa is an Argentine arms manufacturer , located in the city of Ramos Mejía in Argentina .
Forehand & Wadsworth ( also known as Forehand Arms ) was a US firearms manufacturing company based in Worcester , Massachusetts that was formed in 1871 by Sullivan Forehand and Henry C. Wadsworth after the death of their father - in - law , Ethan Allen of Ethan Allen & Company .
The William Hengerer Company , known informally as Hengerer 's was a Buffalo , New York - based department store chain , with stores exclusively located in the Western New York region .
Ghani Group of Companies commonly known as Ghani Group is a Pakistani multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Gourlay Brothers was a marine engineering and shipbuilding company of Dundee , Scotland , active between 1846 and 1908 .
Roble Shipping Inc. is a Cebu - based shipping line located in Cebu City , Philippines .
Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism is an academy based in New Delhi with campuses in Chandigarh and Mumbai .
The Cowled Wizards are based in the city of Athkatla .
NorthWestern Corporation owns NorthWestern Energy , a utility company that serves South Dakota , Nebraska , and Montana that is based in Sioux Falls .
According to the Myanmar Port Authority ( MPA ) , Asia World 's subsidiary Asia World Port had the largest share of country 's freight market in the fiscal year 2012 - -13 , handling 45 per cent of goods that passed through Yangon .
Beamish and Crawford was a brewery in Cork , Ireland , established in 1792 by William Beamish and William Crawford on the site of an existing porter brewery .
John Crown & Sons Ltd , was a British shipbuilding company founded in 1847 and based on the River Wear , Sunderland .
WillCall is a San Francisco - based startup company offering a mobile app for iPhone and Android devices that allows users to gain admission to live concerts , tip artists , and purchase merchandise during a show .
Tornado Cars Ltd was founded in 1957 by Bill Woodhouse and Tony Bullen based in Mill End , Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire , UK .
Astan Quds Razavi ( Persian : آستان قدس رضوی‎‎ Āstān - e Qods - e Razavi ) ( also known as Astan - e - Qods or AQR ) is a Bonyad , or autonomous charitable foundation , in Mashhad , Iran .
The corporate headquarters are located in San Luis Obispo , CA where the first Takken 's Shoes was opened in 1937 by Harry Takken as a shoe repair business .
Eicher Motors Limited ( EML ) ( BSE : 505200 , NSE : EICHERMOT ) incorporated in 1982 , is an Indian automaker company based in Gurgaon , India .
Mushroom Networks , Inc. is a privately held company in San Diego , California , with the mission to provide `` innovative networking solutions '' .
Creative Assembly is a British video game developer established in 1987 by Tim Ansell and based in the West Sussex town of Horsham .
The Vespa has evolved from a single model motor scooter manufactured in 1946 by Piaggio & Co. S.p . A. of Pontedera , Italy to a full line of scooters and one of seven companies today owned by Piaggio .
FXall ( FX Alliance Inc ) is a foreign exchange aggregator providing electronic trading to banks and brokers using an electronic communication network with headquarters in New York .
PeopleFinders.com is a public records business located in Sacramento , California .
Baytex Energy Corp. is a Calgary - based Canadian producer , developer and explorer of oil ( mostly heavy but also lighter conventional ) and natural gas .
The Pronto Pup Company is a company based in Portland , Oregon that manufactures the Pronto Pup corn dog mix .
Imperial Hotels Group is a hotel conglomerate , based in Uganda , with operations in Kampala and Entebbe .
Rainpower is headquartered at Kjeller , near Oslo .
Public Storage is an American international self storage company headquartered in Glendale , California that is run as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) .
The National Froebel Foundation ( NFF ) was a foundation which validated examinations and set standards for teaching training courses at kindergarten level in the United Kingdom .
Titan Aircraft is an aircraft kit manufacturer , located in Austinburg , Ohio .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing France S.A.S. , or better known under its acronym TMMF , is the French automobile manufacturing division of Japanese automaker Toyota located in Onnaing near the city of Valenciennes .
AIX Records is an independent record specializing in the production of new high - resolution music based in Los Angeles , California .
Arctic Circle Restaurants is a chain of burger and shake restaurants based in Midvale , Utah , United States .
The first meeting which led to the formation of Australia ICOMOS was in Melbourne on 20 October 1976 , and the first ICOMOS conference was in Beechworth in 1978 , where they devised a committee to work up a local version of the Venice Charter .
Associated Architects is a leading architectural firm based in Birmingham , England .
In 2002 , the Viry - Châtillon factory became the engine department of the Renault F1 team and Renault Sport was moved to Les Ulis and renamed Renault Sport Technologies ( RST ) .
Estline was founded in 1990 and had a 10 year exclusive right to the passenger traffic between Stockholm , Sweden and Tallinn , Estonia .
Carl Dörr was a piano manufacturer in Wieden , Vienna , Austria .
Vanguard Properties is a real estate brokerage specializing in the sale and rent of real estate in the San Francisco Bay Area and surrounding counties .
Inteco ( Интеко in Russian , `` Inteko '' ) is a Russian construction company , 99 % of which is owned by Yelena Baturina , Russia 's richest woman and wife of former Moscow city mayor , Yuriy Luzhkov .
Republic Parking System is a privately owned professional parking management company based in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Piper Aircraft , Inc. , is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft , located at the Vero Beach Municipal Airport in Vero Beach , Florida , United States and owned since 2009 by the Government of Brunei .
The La Lorraine was a French automobile manufactured in Bar - le - Duc , Meuse by Charles Schmid from 1899 until 1902 .
Staur Farm ( Norwegian : Staur Gård ) is a farm located in Stange , Norway .
Grāmatu Nams Valters un Rapa ( Book House Valters and Rapa ) is a bookstore and publishing house in Riga , Latvia .
Amsoil Inc. is an American corporation based in Superior , Wisconsin that primarily formulates and packages synthetic lubricants and filters .
After World War II , production of the Minox II began in 1948 at a new company , Minox GmbH , in Giessen / Heuchelheim near Wetzlar , West Germany .
Cyrix Corporation was a microprocessor developer that was founded in 1988 in Richardson , Texas as a specialist supplier of math coprocessors for 286 and 386 microprocessors .
Sterling Jewelers , Inc. is an American specialty jewelry company headquartered in Akron , Ohio .
Double Helix Games LLC is an American video game developer based in Irvine , California , founded in 2007 through two mergers of Foundation 9 studios , The Collective and Shiny Entertainment .
Churchill Insurance is a United Kingdom insurance company based in Bromley , London .
American Apparel is an American clothing manufacturer , designer , distributor , marketer and retailer based in Los Angeles , California .
Gerresheimer AG ( formerly Gerresheimer Glass AG ) is a German manufacturer of primary packaging products for medication and drug delivery devices made of special - purpose glass and plastics with headquarters in Düsseldorf .
LG Chem Ltd. ( Korean : LG화학 ) , often referred to as LG Chemical , is the largest Korean chemical company and is headquartered in Seoul , South Korea .
The M.M. Cohn Company , more popularly known simply as MM Cohn , was a regional specialty department store chain in Arkansas , based in Little Rock .
Bank Day shares have been floated on the Over - the - Counter market and measures are being taken in order to become listed in the Tehran Stock Exchange .
Currently , the headquarters for FTDI is located in Glasgow , Scotland , United Kingdom , while it also has offices in Singapore , Taipei , Taiwan , and Portland , Oregon .
Baltic Ground Services was established on September 15 , 2005 , after state - owned Lithuanian Airlines were acquired and reorganized by LAL investicijų valdymas ( now known as Avia Solutions Group ) .
Gerald Danovitch ( February 24 , 1932 -- December 1 , 1997 ) was a renowned classical saxophone player and educator , McGill University professor , founder of Gerald Danovitch Saxophone Quartet and jazz studies department at McGill .
KQSC ( 1530 AM ) is a radio station licensed to broadcast from Colorado Springs , Colorado , USA , with a power of 15,000 watts , and can be heard by day from the outskirts of Denver to the state 's border with New Mexico .
CKCX were the call letters used for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's shortwave transmitter complex near Sackville , New Brunswick at the Tantramar Marshes .
KDXL ( 106.5 FM ) is a student operated radio station at St. Louis Park High School in St. Louis Park , Minnesota .
WROU - FM is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio station at 92.1 FM licensed to West Carrollton , Ohio serving the Dayton area and owned and operated by Alpha Media .
WKMS - FM ( 91.3 FM ) , is a non - commercial National Public Radio - affiliated station operated by Murray State University in Murray , Kentucky .
KXTA - FM ( 99.1 FM ) is a commercial radio station located in Gooding , Idaho , broadcasting to the Twin Falls / Sun Valley , Idaho area .
WNVM ( 97.7 FM , `` 97.7 Nueva Vida '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Cidra , Puerto Rico .
WZTA is a United States AM radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to serve the community of Vero Beach , Florida on the frequency of 1370 kHz .
KAKC ( 1300 AM ) is a sports talk radio station in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
It is licensed to Woodruff , Utah , USA , and owned by AASAA Media , LLC . In February 2009 , KEGH was a simulcast of KEGA , The Eagle 101.5 , according to the Simmons Media corporate web site .
KXTG ( 750 AM ) , `` The Game '' is an all - sports radio station in Portland , Oregon .
CKFU - FM , branded as 100.1 Moose FM , is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting in Fort St. John , British Columbia .
KKGM is an AM Ministries radio station that serves the Dallas - Fort Worth Metroplex , and is owned by Mortenson Broadcasting .
KDJE is a radio station located in Jacksonville , Arkansas , broadcasting to the Little Rock , Arkansas area on 100.3 FM .
WBFM is a country music station licensed to Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
WPAT - FM is licensed to Paterson , New Jersey and serves the New York City area .
KSSE is located in Arcadia , California , broadcasting to the Greater Los Angeles area .
Launching on 11 October 1965 , NPO 3FM was created as Hilversum 3 ( later Radio 3 ) by the Minister for Culture and Social Recreation , Maarten Vrolijk , to counterbalance the popular new offshore stations such as Radio Veronica .
KETU ( 1120 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Catoosa , Oklahoma .
KYYY ( 92.9 FM , `` Y93 '' ) is a radio station in Bismarck , North Dakota , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. with an Top 40 ( CHR ) format .
CKPT - FM is a Canadian radio station with a hot adult contemporary format broadcasting at 99.7 FM in Peterborough , Ontario .
CFEP - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Eastern Passage , Nova Scotia at 105.9 MHz . It provides a community radio service .
WTUE ( 104.7 FM ) is a classic rock formatted radio station with studios in Dayton , Ohio .
WDUR ( 1490 AM ) is an Indian / South Asian radio station in Durham , North Carolina , owned by Ravi Cherukuri , through licensee Arohi Media LLC . The channel plays primarily Bollywood Hits while embracing the rest of the South Asian culture through news , Tamil / Telugu Music and much more .
KKPC ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Pueblo , Colorado .
WSOL - FM , branded V101.5 , is a radio station licensed to Brunswick , Georgia that broadcasts on 101.5 FM .
WBGI was licensed to Connellsville , Pennsylvania , approximately 40 miles southeast of Pittsburgh .
KIZZ ( 93.7 FM ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station located in Minot , North Dakota owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
KATX ( 97.7 FM ) is an American radio station with a classic rock format licensed to and serving the area around Eastland , Texas .
CFMB is a multilingual Canadian radio station located in Montreal , Quebec , owned by Evanov Communications .
WEMY is a Christian radio station broadcasting on 91.5 FM , serving the Green Bay , Wisconsin area .
WPWT is a Talk Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Colonial Heights , Tennessee , serving the Tri - Cities , VA / TN area .
WFIU is a public radio FM station broadcasting from Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana .
WCOX ( 1450 AM ) was a radio station formerly licensed to serve Camden , Alabama .
KKFM is a radio station out of Colorado Springs and Pueblo , Colorado .
KXYZ is an AM radio station in Greater Houston , which broadcasts on 1320 kHz under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting .
WIMZ - FM is a classic rock radio station based in Knoxville , Tennessee at 103.5 FM .
WCIB ( 101.9 FM ) , known as `` Cool 102 '' , is a classic hits radio station licensed to Falmouth , Massachusetts , playing music from the 1960s through the 1980s .
KVVA - FM ( 107.1 FM , `` Radio Jose '' ) is a radio station licensed to Apache Junction , Arizona , broadcasting a Spanish Adult Hits music format .
KMXP ( Mix 96.9 FM ) is a commercial hot adult contemporary music radio station in Phoenix , Arizona , owned and operated by iHeartMedia .
KISW ( 99.9 FM ) is a radio station in Seattle , Washington .
WAPL ( 105.7 FM ) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Appleton , Wisconsin , that serves the Green Bay and Appleton - Oshkosh areas .
WGLF ( 104.1 FM ) is a classic hits radio station in the Tallahassee , Florida , market owned by Cumulus Licensing LLC . Its studios are located in the westside of Tallahassee and its transmitter is based east of the city near Lloyd , Florida .
KZFS ( 1280 AM , `` Up 99.3 '' ) is a contemporary Christian radio station in Spokane , Washington .
WFSX - FM ( 92.5 FM , `` 92.5 Fox News '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Estero , Florida , broadcasting to the Fort Myers , Florida area .
KGVY ( 1080 AM ) is a commercial radio station located in Green Valley , Arizona , broadcasting to the Green Valley , Sahuarita , Tucson , Arizona area on 100.7 MHz on translator K264BB .
Tay 2 is an Independent Local Radio station commercial local radio station serving Dundee , Perth and the general Tayside area in Scotland .
WTOH ( 98.9 FM , `` The Answer '' ) is a conservative talk radio station serving the Greater Columbus area , currently owned by the Salem Media Group and licensed to Upper Arlington , Ohio .
WSIC is a radio station operating in Statesville , North Carolina .
KDGL 's main transmitter is located on the southeast corner of Yucca Valley , California , just north of Joshua Tree National Park .
Godlewo - Baćki ( ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈbat͡ɕki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Zastava M70 ( Serbian Cyrillic : Застава М70 ) is an assault rifle developed and produced by Zastava Arms in Kragujevac , Serbia ( formerly Yugoslavia ) .
The SS Ranpura was a British passenger and cargo carrying ocean liner built by R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie and Company at Newcastle upon Tyne for the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company in 1924 .
The Mitsubishi SUW ( Smart Utility Wagon ) is a series of concept cars sharing a common design theme , and first exhibited by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors at the 1999 Frankfurt and Tokyo Motor Shows .
The Yamaha YZF - R1 , or R1 , is an open class sport bike , or superbike , motorcycle manufactured by Yamaha Motor Company since 1998 .
The Scion xD is a five - door hatchback subcompact marketed in the US and Canada by Japanese manufacturer Toyota beginning with the 2008 model year -- replacing the xA.
The Remington Model 572 is a pump - action rifle manufactured by the Remington Arms Company .
TOZ-78 ( ТОЗ-78 ) is a Soviet .22 LR bolt - action rifle manufactured by the TOZ ( Tulsky Oruzheyny Zavod ) Tula Arms Plant .
HMS H31 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited , Barrow - in - Furness .
Timken 1111 , also called the Timken Four Aces , was a 4 - 8 - 4 steam locomotive built in 1930 by American Locomotive Company ( Alco ) to serve as a demonstration unit for new roller bearings produced by the Timken Roller Bearing Company .
Costa Luminosa and her sister ship , Costa Deliziosa , was ordered in the Fincantieri Marghera shipyard on 12 June 2006 .
Eventually in 1934 Remington Arms chose to introduce their own commercial version of such a cartridge , and although it was n't the exact dimensions of the wildcat made by Roberts , they called it the .257 Roberts .
The ALCO DL560C is a passenger / freight - hauling diesel - electric locomotive with AC electric transmission designed by the American Locomotive Company and produced under license by Diesel Locomotive Works ( DLW ) of Varanasi , India for Indian Railways as their classes WDM-2 , WDM-3A/2C , WDM-3D and WDG-3A for operation in India .
The FN Ballista is a sniper rifle developed by FN Herstal .
German submarine U-1105 , a Type VII - C/41 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine , was built at the Nordseewerke Shipyard , Emden , Germany , and commissioned on 3 June 1944 .
The Kh-55 ( Russian : Х-55 , also known as RKV-500 ; NATO reporting name : AS-15 ' Kent ' ) is a Soviet / Russian subsonic air - launched cruise missile , designed by MKB Raduga .
ATMOS 2000 ( Autonomous Truck Mounted howitzer System ) is a 155 mm/52 calibre self - propelled ( SP ) artillery system manufactured by Soltam Systems .
The Kia Cerato ( also known as Kia Spectra in the USA ) is a compact car produced by the South Korean automaker Kia Motors since 2003 .
Costa Serena was constructed by Fincantieri in Sestri Ponente .
The Hi - Point Model JHP is a polymer - framed , semi - automatic , blowback - operated pistol manufactured by Hi - Point Firearms .
The Schmidt M1882 , also referred to by the name Model 1929 , was a revolver fabricated in Switzerland by the Waffenfabrik Bern and which was used as an ordnance arm by the Swiss Army .
Rover SD1 is both the code name and eventual production name given to a series of executive cars built by British Leyland ( BL ) , under the Rover marque .
TS Queen Alexandra was built in 1912 by William Denny and Brothers , Dumbarton for Turbine Steamers Ltd , to replace a previous Queen Alexandra of 1902 , which had been extensively damaged by fire .
The Venturi Atlantique was a mid - engined , fiberglass - bodied French sports car produced by Venturi Automobiles from 1991 to 2000 .
Bombardier Zefiro is a family of high - speed passenger trains designed by Bombardier Transportation whose variants have top operating speeds of between 250 km / h ( 155 mph ) and 380 km / h ( 236 mph ) .
Manufactured in the city of Karlovac , Croatia by HS Produkt ( formerly I.M. Metal ) , the Springfield Armory XDM is the marketing name for the weapon , which is licensed and sold in the US by Springfield Armory , Inc ..
Three designers who were new to General Motors , Robert Jablonski , Kang Min - young , a South Korea native , and David Rojas , a native of Peru , participated in the development of the Hummer HX .
The RTX2010 manufactured by Intersil is a radiation hardened stack machine microprocessor which has been used in numerous spacecraft .
The AA.20 was a French air - to - air missile , developed by Nord Aviation , and was one of the first such missiles adopted into services in Western Europe .
USS Winnemucca ( PC-1145 ) was laid down on 2 June 1943 at the Defoe Shipbuilding Company in Bay City , Michigan ; launched on 27 October 1943 ; and commissioned at New Orleans , Louisiana , on 1 June 1944 , with Lieutenant J. L. Houget , USNR , in command .
RFA Black Ranger ( A163 ) was a British diesel - powered fleet support tanker of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary , built by Harland & Wolff .
German submarine U-771 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was ordered on 21 November 1940 , and was laid down on 21 August 1942 at Kriegsmarinewerft , Wilhelmshaven , as yard number 154 .
The Ruger Red Label is an over and under shotgun that was built by Sturm , Ruger & Co ..
The XM301 Cannon is an externally powered , three - barrel 20 mm Gatling gun made by General Dynamics for the U.S. Army .
The Autobianchi A111 is a 4-door saloon family car produced from 1969 to 1972 by Italian car manufacturer Autobianchi , a subsidiary of the Fiat group .
EMD F - units were a line of diesel - electric locomotives produced between November 1939 and November 1960 by General Motors Electro - Motive Division and General Motors - Diesel Division .
The Morris Marshal is a large six - cylinder vehicle which was produced by the British Motor Corporation ( Australia ) between 1957 and 1960 .
The Savage 110 BA is a bolt - action sniper / tactical rifle manufactured by the Savage Arms Company .
The SNCF TGV Sud - Est or TGV - PSE is a French high speed TGV train built by Alstom and operated by SNCF , the French national railway company .
The Southern Pride was a steam - powered whaler built by the Smiths Dock Company of Middlesbrough in 1936 .
Carlos Pizarro Leongómez ( 6 June 1951 -- 26 April 1990 ) was the fourth commander of the Colombian guerrilla group 19th of April Movement ( Movimiento 19 de Abril ) ( M-19 ) .
Ed Turlington is an American lawyer and Democratic Party activist .
Syed Azeez Pasha , a politician from Communist Party of India , is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Andhra Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Saleem Iqbal Shervani ( born 22 March 1953 ) is an Indian politician who had been with Indian National Congress for most of his career .
Barbara Alby ( August 9 , 1946 -- December 9 , 2012 ) was an American politician from California and a member of the Republican Party .
Seamus Costello ( Irish : Séamus Mac Coisdealbha , 1939 -- 5 October 1977 ) was a leader of Official Sinn Féin and the Official Irish Republican Army and latterly of the Irish Republican Socialist Party ( IRSP ) and the Irish National Liberation Army ( INLA ) .
From 1976 to 1980 , Gerd Langguth was a member of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union .
Wilhelm Frick ( 12 March 1877 -- 16 October 1946 ) was a prominent German politician of the Nazi Party , who served as Reich Minister of the Interior in the Hitler Cabinet from 1933 to 1943 and as the last governor of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia .
David Combe ( born 26 April 1943 ) was National Secretary of the Australian Labor Party , a political consultant and lobbyist , an Australian Trade Commissioner , a Senior Vice - President International of Southcorp Wines , and a consultant to the Australian Wine Industry .
Ramesh Pokhriyal `` Nishank '' ( Hindi : रमेश पोखरियाल `` निशंक '' ; born 15 August 1959 ) is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Syringa Marshall - Burnett CD , JP ( 11 May 1935 -- 10 October 2014 ) was a Jamaican nurse , educator , and former politician with the People 's National Party .
Cormac Breslin ( 25 April 1902 -- 23 January 1978 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Li Dazhao ( October 29 , 1888 -- April 28 , 1927 ) was a Chinese intellectual who co - founded the Communist Party of China with Chen Duxiu in 1921 .
Rikke Karlsson ( born 29 April 1965 ) is a Danish politician and former member of the Danish People 's Party She is the niece of fellow Danish People 's Party politician Søren Espersen .
Sir Ernest Ashley Bramall ( 6 January 1916 -- 10 February 1999 ) was a British Labour Party politician , Member of Parliament for Bexley from 1946 to 1950 and Leader of the Inner London Education Authority ( ILEA ) for 11 years .
David Weitzman , QC ( 18 June 1898 -- 6 May 1987 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Linda Stender ( born July 25 , 1951 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 2002 to 2016 , where she represented the 22nd legislative district .
Fong Kui Lun ( simplified Chinese : 方贵伦 ; traditional Chinese : 方貴倫 ; pinyin : Fāng Guì Lún ; born 28 September 1946 ) is a Malaysian politician and a member of the opposition Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Talip Küçükcan ( born 5 March 1963 ) is a Turkish professor of sociology and a politician from the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) , who has served as a Member of Parliament for Adana since 7 June 2015 .
Iñaki Anasagasti ( born 16 November 1947 ) is a Venezuelan - Spanish politician , belonging to the Basque Nationalist Party .
K. D. Deshmukh was the Bharatiya Janata Party Member of Parliament for Balaghat , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Sir Edward Leigh Pemberton KCB , DL ( 14 May 1823 -- 31 January 1910 ) was an English Conservative Party politician .
Yvan Mayeur ( born 24 January 1960 in Etterbeek ) is a Belgian politician , member of the Socialist Party and mayor of Brussels since 2013 .
T. M. Jacob ( 16 September 1950 -- 30 October 2011 ) was the leader of the Kerala Congress ( Jacob ) , a splinter faction of the Kerala Congress .
János Kádár ( ( ˈjaːnoʃ ˈkaːdaːr ) ; 26 May 1912 -- 6 July 1989 ) was a Hungarian communist leader and the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers ' Party , presiding over the country from 1956 until his retirement in 1988 .
Joseph A. Maynard was an American political figure who served as chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic Party and Collector of Customs for the Port of Boston .
István Apáti ( born 23 March 1978 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician from the right - wing radical Jobbik party .
On 30 September 1953 Hedtoft was able to return as Prime Minister , and formed the Cabinet of Hans Hedtoft II , consisting only of the Social Democrats .
Gertrude Fröhlich - Sandner ( born 25 April 1926 in Vienna as Gertrude Kastner ; died 13 June 2008 in Vienna ) was an Austrian politician for the SPÖ ( Social Democratic Party of Austria ) .
On September 11 , 2008 Craig Cheffins announced he was supporting Dave Taylor for the leadership of the Alberta Liberal Party , and would be taking on the role of Campaign Co - Chair for that effort .
Colm Keaveney ( born 11 January 1971 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Juan Pastor Marco was a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Sydney Scholefield Allen QC ( 3 January 1898 -- 26 March 1974 ) was a barrister and Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Nilmário Miranda ( born 11 August 1947 ) is a Brazilian politician , affiliated with the Workers ' Party .
Apostolos Kaklamanis ( Greek : Απόστολος Κακλαμάνης ) ( born September 7 , 1936 in Lefkada ) is a Greek politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) for the Athens B constituency .
François Couchepin ( born 19 January 1935 in Martigny , Switzerland ) is a Swiss lawyer and former politician from the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland ( FDP ) .
Carlos Loret de Mola Mediz ( July 30 , 1921 , in Mérida , Yucatán -- February 7 , 1986 , in Guerrero ) was a Mexican politician and journalist , a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , and deputy , senator and Governor of Yucatán .
Andrew Whitecross ( born 25 May 1963 ) is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly , elected to the multi - member electorate of Brindabella for the Australian Labor Party .
Johan Buttedahl ( born 5 October 1935 ) is a Norwegian dentist and politician for the Centre Party .
Captain Mark Hewitson ( 15 December 1897 -- 27 February 1973 ) was a British trade union official and Labour Party politician .
Fred H. Madden , Jr. ( born March 30 , 1954 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served in the New Jersey State Senate since 2004 , where he represents the 4th Legislative District .
Shri Santosh Bagrodia a politician from Indian National Congress was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Rajasthan in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament till 2010 .
Csaba Őry ( born on 12 May 1952 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Fidesz , part of the European People 's Party and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on Employment and Social Affairs .
Richard Ottinger ( born January 27 , 1929 ) is an American politician of the Democratic Party , a former member of the United States House of Representatives , and a legal educator .
On May 21 , 2007 , Phyu Phyu Thin was arrested by police in Yangon for organizing a prayer rally to call for the release of detained National League for Democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Josef Grohé ( 6 November 1902 - 27 December 1987 ) , was a German Nazi Party official .
Baroness Sabine de Bethune ( born 16 July 1958 ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party .
Joshua S. Salmon ( February 2 , 1846 , Mount Olive Township , New Jersey -- May 6 , 1902 , Boonton , New Jersey ) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 4th congressional district from 1899 to 1902 .
Erik Vullum ( 29 December 1850 -- 14 March 1916 ) was a Norwegian journalist , writer and politician for the Liberal Party .
Bo Gösta Bohman ( 15 January 1911 -- 12 August 1997 ) was a Swedish politician and the leader of the Swedish liberal conservative Moderate Party from 1970 to 1981 , during a period in which the party strengthened its position in Swedish politics .
Steven Agnew ( born 12 October 1979 ) is the leader of the Green Party in Northern Ireland .
William Stones , known as Bill Stones ( 2 October 1904 -- 2 July 1969 ) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Denise Savoie ( /sæˈvwɑː/ ; born November 21 , 1943 in St. Boniface , Manitoba ) is a Canadian politician , who served as the federal Member of Parliament for Victoria from 2006 until 2012 representing the New Democratic Party .
Fernando Baeza Meléndez ( born January 21 , 1942 Delicias , Chihuahua ) is a Mexican politician and a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Gorakh Nath Pandey ( Hindi - गोरख नाथ पाण्डेय ) ( Born 25 April 1951 ) is an Indian politician , reprenting the Bahujan Samaj Party .
Mario Beccaria , ( 18 June 1920 -- 22 November 2003 ) was an Italian politician of the Christian Democracy .
Walter J. Kavanaugh ( June 30 , 1933 -- January 9 , 2008 ) was an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey Legislature for 32 years , representing the 16th Legislative District .
Manuela Sykes ( born January 1925 ) , is a former British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party .
Jimmy Harte ( born 27 February 1958 ) is a former Irish Labour Party politician and was a member of Seanad Éireann from April 2011 to September 2015 .
Natubhai Gomanbhai Patel ( born 4 May 1972 in Silvassa ) is an Indian politician , belonging to Bharatiya Janata Party .
Pól Callaghan was an Irish nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party politician in Northern Ireland .
Anne Brit Stråtveit ( born 22 April 1947 ) is a Norwegian teacher and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Johann Anetseder ( 7 October 1898 - 12 December 1948 ) was a German politician , representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Vydas Gedvilas ( born 17 July 1959 in the village of Užgiriai , Kelmė district , Lithuanian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Lithuanian basketball coach and politician , former Speaker of the Seimas , member of the Labour Party .
Georgina Morrison is the current co - convenor of the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand .
Before Koay Teng Hai started his political journey , he had been influenced by his father who was also a member of the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Dr. Adolf Mahr was an Austrian archaeologist who was Gruppenleiter ( group leader ) of the Dublin branch of the Nazi Party Auslandsorganisation ( NSDP - AO ) .
Fernando de las Fuentes Hernández ( born August 7 , 1960 in Saltillo , Coahuila ) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who currently serves as President of the Congress of Coahuila .
He was named Secretary General of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party On April 3 , 1936 , a Federal Grand Jury submitted accusations against Pedro Albizu Campos , Juan Antonio Corretjer , Luis F. Velázquez , Clemente Soto Vélez and the following members of the Cadets of the Republic :
Paul Caica BA JP MP , ( born 1957 ) is an Australian politician , representing the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party .
Karl Liebknecht ( 13 August 1871 -- 15 January 1919 ) was a German socialist and a co - founder with Rosa Luxemburg of the Spartacist League and the Communist Party of Germany .
Herman Johan Foss Reimers ( 15 September 1843 -- 7 February 1928 ) was Norwegian judge and politician for the Conservative Party .
Wang Shijie also known as Wang Shi - chieh ( zh : 王世杰 , pinyin : Wáng Shìjié ) ( b. 10 March 1891 - d. 21 April 1981 ) was a Chinese politician and scholar of the Kuomintang in service to the Republic of China .
Dato ' Seri Dr. Ahmad Zahid Hamidi ( born 4 January 1953 ) is a Malaysian politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia since 2015 in the Barisan Nasional coalition government of Prime Minister Najib Razak .
Mohinder Singh Kaypee ( born 7 November 1956 ) is an Indian politician and member of Indian National Congress .
The Minister of Science and Innovation was the first and only political role of Cristina Garmendia , who is not a member the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Guy Rainville ( born 1963 in Chibougamau , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician who was the leader of the Green Party of Quebec from 2008 to 2010 .
Augustus Albert Hardenbergh ( May 18 , 1830 , New Brunswick , New Jersey -- October 5 , 1889 , Jersey City , New Jersey ) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1875 to 1879 , and again from 1881 to 1883 .
Colonel Abel Henry Smith ( 6 December 1862 -- 10 November 1930 ) was a British Conservative Party politician and an English landowner of the Smith banking family .
August Košutić ( 5 August 1893 -- 12 November 1964 ) was a Croatian politician and a prominent member of the Croatian Peasant Party ( HSS ) .
Kenneth Stewart ( 28 June 1925 -- 2 September 1996 ) , was a Member of the European Parliament for Merseyside West , representing the Labour Party , from 1984 until his death .
Thomas Michael Jopling , Baron Jopling , PC ( born 10 December 1930 ) is a politician in the United Kingdom , and sits in the House of Lords as a member of the Conservative Party .
Jaskaur Meena ( born 1947 ) is an Indian politician , a former Union minister of state in Government of India and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Pedro León Gallo Goyenechea ( Copiapó , February 12 , 1830 - Santiago , December 16 , 1877 ) was a Chilean politician and one of the founders of the Radical Party .
Themistoklis Sofoulis or Sophoulis ( Greek : Θεμιστοκλής Σοφούλης ; 1860 -- 24 June 1949 ) was a prominent centrist Greek politician from Samos Island , belonging to the centre - left wing of the Liberal Party , which he led for many years .
Ronald William Gordon Mackay ( 3 September 1902 -- 15 January 1960 ) , known as Kim Mackay , was a British Common Wealth Party and Labour Party politician known for his federalist views .
Running as a People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) candidate , Victor Ndoma - Egba was elected as senator in the 5th ( 2003 - -2007 ) National Assembly representing Cross River Central Senatorial District , and was reelected in 2007 for a further four - year term .
James B. Lynch ( died 12 March 1954 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician , who served for 16 years as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) before being elected as a Senator for three years .
Steve Bolstad was a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives who represented District 24 from 2007 - 2008 .
B. Janardhana Poojary ( born 27 April 1937 ) is a senior politician from Indian National Congress party .
Javier Treviño is a Member of Mexico 's Congress ( Diputado Federal , State of Nuevo León , Institutional Revolutionary Party - PRI ) .
Henriette Kjær ( born 3 May 1966 ) is a retired Danish politician , member of the Danish parliament ( Folketinget ) for the Conservative People 's Party elected in Aarhus ' fourth constituency .
Fumihiro Himori ( 日森文尋 Himori Fumihiro ) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Representatives for the Social Democratic Party .
Stan Kushner was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1979 Alberta general election and held the district for one for the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta as a back bench member in the assembly before leaving politics .
Pascal Fantodji is a Beninese professor and long - time first secretary of the Communist Party of Benin ( PCB ) .
Namık Kemal Zeybek ( born 1944 ) is a Turkish politician and was leader of the Democratic Party ( 2011 - 2012 ) .
Hans Schweitzer ( 25 July 1901 -- 1980 ) , known as Mjölnir , was an artist who produced many posters for the Nazi Party under Adolf Hitler .
Rui Xingwen ( Chinese : 芮杏文 ; pinyin : Ruì Xìngwén ; 1 April 1927 -- 5 June 2005 ) was a Chinese politician who served as the Party Chief of Shanghai from 1985 to 1987 , and as a member of the Secretariat of the 13th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China beginning in 1987 .
Sara W. Mahan ( February 26 , 1870 -- November 1 , 1966 ) was a progressive era social reformer , and early Democratic Party female politician from Kentucky in the United States .
Audu Innocent Ogbeh ( born 28 July 1947 ) is a Nigerian politician who was chairman of the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) from 2001 until January 2005 .
Vladimir Maltsev ( born 20 April 1974 , Makeyevka , Donetsk region ) is the People 's Deputy of Ukraine , member of the Party of Regions ( since November 2007 ) , a member of the Committee on Justice ( December 2007 ) .
Jo Benkow ( born Josef Elias Benkowitz ; 15 August 1924 -- 18 May 2013 ) was a Norwegian politician and writer , notable for being an important person in the Conservative Party of Norway , and the President of the Parliament 1985 - -1993 .
Rameshwar Thakur ( 28 July 1924 -- 15 January 2015 ) was a senior Indian National Congress politician and former union minister of India , he was the Governor of Madhya Pradesh from 2009 to 2011 and Governor of Odisha from 2004 to 2006 , Andhra Pradesh from 2006 to 2007 and Karnataka from 2007 to 2009 .
Gajanan Kirtikar ( Marathi : गजानन कीर्तिकर ) is Leader and MP of Shiv Sena Party in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Karen McKevitt is a Social Democratic and Labour Party politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011 representing South Down .
Felipe Solá ( born 23 July 1950 ) is an Argentine politician of the Justicialist Party ( Peronism ) and was the governor of the province of Buenos Aires since 2002 until he left office in 2007 .
Edwyn Sherard Burnaby ( 1830 -- 31 May 1883 ) was a major - general and Conservative Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Leicestershire North from 1880 until his death .
Dame Janne Haaland Matláry ( born 27 April 1957 ) is a Norwegian political scientist , writer , and politician , who formerly represented the Christian Democratic Party .
Dr. Tan Seng Giaw ( simplified Chinese : 陈胜尧 ; traditional Chinese : 陳勝堯 ; pinyin : Chén Shèng Yáo ; born 26 May 1942 ) is a Malaysian politician from the Democratic Action Party .
Sidhi Kumari is a member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Bikaner East , elected in 2008 on as a candidate of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Michael E. Ames ( 1822 - -1861 ) was a politician from Minnesota Territory , a member of the Democratic Party , and a former member of the Minnesota Territory House of Representatives , representing St. Paul , Minnesota .
İhsan Sabri Çağlayangil ( born 1908 , Istanbul -- December 30 , 1993 , Ankara , Turkey ) was a Turkish Justice Party ( Turkish : Adalet Partisi ) politician , who was Minister of Foreign Affairs three times in the 1960s and 1970s .
Marcelino Iglesias Ricou ( born 16 April 1951 ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party .
Sir William Henry Hornby , 1st Baronet , DL ( 29 August 1841 -- 22 October 1928 ) , usually known as Harry Hornby , was an English industrialist and Conservative Party politician from Blackburn in Lancashire .
Frank McLeavy , Baron McLeavy ( 1 January 1899 -- 1 October 1976 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Sikander Bakht ( 24 August 1918 -- 23 February 2004 ) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress , the Janata Party and , finally , the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Redfield Proctor ( June 1 , 1831 -- March 4 , 1908 ) was a U.S. politician of the Republican Party .
Sunder Singh Bhandari ( Hindi : सुन्दर सिंह भण्डारी ; 12 April 1921 -- 22 June 2005 ) was a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh pracharak and politician belonging to Bharatiya Jana Sangh and Bharatiya Janata Party .
Paul Kiernan ( November 6 , 1906 -- May 21 , 1989 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as mayor of Long Branch , and as sheriff of Monmouth County , New Jersey .
Oskar Jarle Grimstad ( born 8 November 1954 ) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party ( FrP ) for Møre og Romsdal .
In the May 2009 elections Patricia Kaliati was again elected on the Democratic Progressive Party ticket .
Mangru Ganu Uikey ( born 5 November 1901 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian politician , belonging to Indian National Congress .
Alexander Snitker ( born August 6 , 1975 ) was the Libertarian Party candidate in the 2010 Florida U.S. Senate election for the seat being vacated by Republican George LeMieux .
Mgr . Petr Gandalovič ( born 15 August 1964 in Prague ) is a Czech politician and one of the founding members of the Civic Democratic Party .
Dr. Sanjay Jaiswal ( born 29 November 1965 ) is an Indian politician who has represented Paschim Champaran constituency of Bihar since 2009 as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Alfredo García Green ( born December 29 , 1953 in Baja California Sur ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the conservative National Action Party ( PAN ) .
Terje Søviknes ( born 28 February 1969 ) is a Norwegian politician , and the first politician of the Progress Party to become mayor of a Norwegian municipality , namely Os , Hordaland .
Julie James AM is a Welsh Labour politician , who has represented the constituency of Swansea West since the National Assembly for Wales election of 2011 .
Atlee Pomerene ( December 6 , 1863 -- November 12 , 1937 ) was a Democratic Party politician from Ohio .
Dambyn Chagdarjav ( Mongolian : Дамбын Чагдаржав ; 1880 -- August 31 , 1922 ) was a Mongolian revolutionary and one of the `` first seven '' founders of the Mongolian People 's Party ( MPP ) in 1920 .
Liam Twomey ( born 3 April 1967 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and medical doctor .
Jan Mohammad Abbasi ( Urdu ) جان محمدعباسي : was Naib Ameer ( Vice President ) of Jamaat - e - Islami Pakistan .
Sidney Schofield ( 22 March 1911 -- December 1992 ) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for little over a year .
Chanie Rosenberg ( born 1922 ) is a South African - born artist , former teacher and socialist who is the sister of Michael Kidron , the widow of Tony Cliff , and a founder member of the Socialist Workers Party in Britain .
William Quirke ( c.1896 -- 5 March 1955 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a senior revolutionary figure in County Tipperary during the Irish War of Independence .
Felix Leinen ( born 15 May 1957 ) is a German professor , mathematician and politician of the Ecological Democratic Party ( ÖDP . )
Marc Maria Frans , Viscount Eyskens ( born 29 April 1933 ) , known as Mark Eyskens ( ˈmɑrk ˈɛi̯skəns ) , is a Belgian economist and politician in the Christian People 's Party ( Belgium ) , now called Christian Democratic and Flemish , and briefly served as Prime Minister of Belgium in 1981 .
Julián Hernández Santillán ( Nuevo León , 6 April 1963 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party ( PAN ) .
Thomas P. Giblin ( born January 15 , 1947 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly where he represents the 34th legislative district , having taken office on January 10 , 2006 .
Rebecca Blaikie ( born May 25 , 1978 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian politician currently serving as the President of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) .
James Litterick ( born July 15 , 1901 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada , and was the first member of the Communist Party of Canada to be elected to that province 's legislature .
Síle de Valera ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈʃiːlʲə ˌdɛvəˈlɛrə ) ) ( born 17 December 1954 ) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician .
Eligijus Masiulis ( born 15 October 1974 ) is a Lithuanian politician , he represents Liberal Movement party .
Dr. Erhard Hübener ( 4 August 1881 -- 3 June 1958 ) was a German politician and member of the German Democratic Party ( DDP ) until 1933 .
K. S. Eshwarappa ( born 10 July 1948 ) is a senior politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party , one of the two major political parties in India .
Rolf Presthus ( 29 July 1936 -- 1 January 1988 ) was a Norwegian politician , who was chairman of the Conservative Party of Norway 1986 - 1988 .
Nand Kumar Patel ( 8 November 1953 -- 25 May 2013 ) was an Indian National Congress politician from the Chhattisgarh .
Hudson Austin was a member of the New Jewel Movement in Grenada .
Harald Bredo Sollie ( 17 January 1871 -- 1 March 1947 ) was a Norwegian jurist , naval officer and politician for the Conservative Party .
Pierce Holt ( born January 1 , 1962 in Marlin , Texas ) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive lineman for the San Francisco 49ers and Atlanta Falcons from 1988 to 1995 .
Andrzej Karweta ( 11 June 1958 -- 10 April 2010 ) was Vice Admiral of the Polish Navy and its commander - in - chief from November 2007 until his death in April 2010 in the Smolensk air crash .
Alexander Löhr ( 20 May 1885 -- 26 February 1947 ) was an Austrian Air Force ( Österreichische Luftstreitkräfte ) commander during the 1930s and , after the `` Political Union of Germany and Austria '' ( Anschluss ) , he was a German Air Force ( Luftwaffe ) commander .
Brian A. Arnold is a former Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force .
No . 2 Commando was a battalion - sized British Commando unit of the British Army during the Second World War .
The Queen 's Royal Regiment ( West Surrey ) was a line infantry regiment of the English and later the British Army from 1661 to 1959 .
Jean - Paul Paloméros is a General in the French Air Force and a former Supreme Allied Commander Transformation , a senior military post in NATO .
Vice - Admiral Sir William Charles Fahie KCB ( 1763 -- 11 January 1833 ) was a prominent British Royal Navy officer during the American War of Independence , French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars .
The Duke of Cumberland 's Regiment of Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army raised in 1746 and disbanded in 1749 .
Tyneside Scottish is an honour title which has been held by a variety of British Army units since 1914 .
J. W. Norris ( born 1862 , date of death unknown ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
General Sir George Hewett , 1st Baronet GCB PC ( Ire ) ( 11 June 1750 -- 21 March 1840 ) was Commander - in - Chief , India and then Commander - in - Chief , Ireland for the British Army .
The Royal Gurkha Rifles ( RGR ) is a rifle regiment of the British Army , forming part of the Brigade of Gurkhas .
Lieutenant - General William Staveley CB ( 29 July 1784 -- 4 April 1854 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Peninsular War and later became Commander and Lieutenant Governor of Hong Kong .
Nicholas Trant ( 1769 - 1839 ) was a British Army officer who led Portuguese irregular troops in several actions during the Peninsular War .
Harry George Armstrong ( February 17 , 1899 -- February 5 , 1983 ) was a Major General in the United States Air Force , a physician , and an airman .
George William Goddard ( June 15 , 1889 -- September 20 , 1987 ) was a United States Air Force Brigadier General , and a pioneer in aerial photography .
The Shropshire Yeomanry was a yeomanry regiment of the British Army , first raised in 1795 , which served as a cavalry and dismounted infantry regiment in the First World War and as a cavalry and an artillery regiment in the Second World War .
Admiral William Gore Jones CB ( 12 March 1826 -- 28 May 1888 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , East Indies Station .
The Scouts Battalion ( Estonian : Scoutspataljon ) is a battalion of the Estonian Land Forces .
Major General George Byng , 3rd Viscount Torrington ( 21 September 1701 -- 7 April 1750 ) , styled The Honourable from 1721 to 1747 , was a British Army officer and peer .
The Boden Engineer Regiment ( Swedish : Bodens ingenjörregemente ) , designations Ing 4 , Ing 3 and Ingbat / I 19 , was a Swedish Army engineer regiment , one of the few new formations raised in the 20th century .
The 9th ( County of London ) Battalion , London Regiment ( Queen Victoria 's Rifles ) was a Territorial Army infantry battalion of the British Army .
Sir Charles St Leger Barter , KCB , KCMG , CVO ( 1857 - -1931 ) was a career British Army officer .
The 2nd ( West Africa ) Infantry Brigade was a World War II unit of the British Army it was formed from battalions of the Royal West African Frontier Force in 1940 .
The Dorset Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 to 1958 , being the county regiment of Dorset .
Huntington Hardisty ( February 3 , 1929 - October 1 , 2003 ) was a United States Navy four star admiral who served as Vice Chief of Naval Operations ( VCNO ) from 1987 to 1988 ; and Commander in Chief , United States Pacific Command ( USCINCPAC ) from 1988 to 1991 .
Lewis Hancock , Jr. ( October 15 , 1889 -- September 3 , 1925 ) served in the United States Navy during World War I as a submariner .
George Washington Goethals ( /ˈɡoʊθəlz/ GOH - thəlz ; June 29 , 1858 -- January 21 , 1928 ) was a United States Army officer and civil engineer , best known for his administration and supervision of the construction and the opening of the Panama Canal .
John Cooper ( July 24 , 1828 -- August 22 , 1891 ) ( born as John Laver Mather Cooper ) was a member of the United States Navy .
The Liverpool Rifles was a unit of the Territorial Army , part of the British Army , formed in Lancashire as a ' Rifle Volunteer Corps ' ( RVC ) in 1859 , becoming a battalion of the King 's Regiment ( Liverpool ) in 1881 .
Vice Admiral George Darby ( c.1720 -- 1790 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy .
Admiral Sir Richard Rodney Bligh GCB ( bap . 8 November 1737 -- 30 April 1821 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who saw service during the American War of Independence , and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , eventually rising to the rank of Admiral .
John Anderson Moore ( January 12 , 1910 -- February 26 , 1944 ) was a United States Navy submarine commander who was killed in action during World War II . He had been awarded three Navy Crosses and a Purple Heart Medal before his death .
Captain Washington Irving Chambers , USN ( 1856 - -1934 ) was a United States Navy officer who played a major role in the early development of naval aviation , serving as the first officer to have oversight of the Navy 's aviation program .
Admiral Sir Frederic Wake - Walker KCB CBE ( 24 March 1888 -- 24 September 1945 ) was a British admiral who served in the Royal Navy during World War I and World War II , taking a leading part in the destruction of the German battleship Bismarck , and in Operation Dynamo , the evacuation at Dunkirk .
Brigadier - General George Colborne Nugent , MVO ( 1864 - -1915 ) was a British Army officer who served on the staff during the Second Boer War , was closely involved in training the Territorial Force , and was killed in action in the Great War .
Jack William Wintle ( 18 April 1908 - 13 November 1942 ) was a United States Navy Officer and a posthumous recipient of the Navy Cross , which was awarded for his actions in mid November 1942 , during the Battle of Guadalcanal
The Queen 's Royal Surrey Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army which existed from 1959 to 1966 .
The Sussex Yeomanry is a yeomanry regiment of the British Army formed in 1794 .
Lieutenant General Sir James Melville Babington KCB , KCMG ( 31 July 1854 -- 15 June 1936 ) was a British Army officer and a renowned leader of cavalry , making a name for himself for his actions in the Second Boer War .
The King 's Troop , Royal Horse Artillery is a ceremonial unit of the British Army , quartered at Woolwich .
Rear Admiral Agha Danish ( Urdu : آغا دانش‎ ) SI(M ) , HI(M ) , is a retired 2-star rank admiral and the former senior naval aviator in the Pakistan Navy .
Mark Sutcliffe MBE ( born 29 July 1979 in Peterborough , England ) joined the British Army in 1997 aged 17 , enlisting into the 2nd Battalion , The Royal Anglian Regiment The Poachers , initially joining C ( Northamptonshire ) Company .
Terry W. Virts , Jr. ( born December 1 , 1967 ) is a NASA astronaut , and Colonel in the United States Air Force .
Charles B. McVay , Jr. ( September 9 , 1868 -- October 28 , 1949 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy after World War I. In 1907 - -1909 , After the cruise of the Great White Fleet , he commanded the tender , Yankton .
The 7th ( Light Infantry ) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment , formed by the British Army during the Second World War .
Anson Stager ( April 20 , 1825 - March 26 , 1885 ) was the co - founder of Western Union , the first president of Western Electric Manufacturing Company and Union Army general , where he was head of the Military Telegraph Department during the Civil War .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Cecil Burney , 1st Baronet , GCB , GCMG , DL ( 15 May 1858 -- 5 June 1929 ) was a Royal Navy officer .
Major - General Sir Arthur Guy Salisbury - Jones GCVO CMG CBE MC ( 1896 -- 1985 ) was a British Army officer and the Marshal of the Diplomatic Corps in the Royal Households of George VI and Elizabeth II between 1950 and 1961 .
John Philip Wisser ( July 19 , 1852 -- January 20 , 1927 ) was a brigadier general in the United States Army .
John James Jackson ( born 11 April 1977 in Bishop Auckland , England ) is a British bobsledder and Royal Marines commando .
William Nugent Glascock ( c. 1787 -- 9 October 1847 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy and a novelist .
General Sir John Doyle , 1st Baronet GCB , KCH ( 1756 -- 8 August 1834 ) was an officer in the British Army , which he joined in March 1771 .
General Sir Charles Fergusson , 7th Baronet GCB , GCMG , DSO , MVO ( 17 January 1865 -- 20 February 1951 ) was a British Army officer and the third Governor - General of New Zealand .
Waldo A. Evans ( 1869 -- April 15 , 1936 ) was a Captain of the United States Navy and military Governor of both the United States Virgin Islands and American Samoa .
Vice - Admiral Sir Arthur Allison Fitzroy Talbot KBE CB DSO & Bar DL ( 22 October 1909 -- 16 June 1998 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , Plymouth .
The Lancashire Fusiliers was a line infantry regiment of the British Army that saw distinguished service through many centuries and wars , including the Second Boer War both the First World War and the Second World War , and had many different titles throughout its 280 years of existence .
Sir Alec Rose ( 13 July 1908 -- 11 January 1991 ) was a nursery owner and fruit merchant in England who after serving in the Royal Navy during World War II developed a passion for amateur single - handed sailing .
Brigadier James Noel Tetley , DSO , TD , DL , LLD ( 30 December 1898 -- 25 December 1971 ) was a member of a prominent Yorkshire brewing family and a senior officer of the British Army who saw active service in the Italian Campaign during World War II .
Admiral Arthur Hayes - Sadler CBE CSI ( 9 October 1865 -- 9 February 1952 ) was a senior Royal Navy officer during World War I.
Gustave Paul Cluseret ( 13 June 1823 -- 22 August 1900 ) was a French soldier and politician who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War , and Delegate for War during the Paris Commune .
Colonel Welton Ralph Abell ( May 17 , 1922 -- April 26 , 1998 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer serving in the Korean War , as well as a former advertising executive .
Samuel F. Rogers ( 1834 - November 1 , 1905 ) was a United States Navy Quartermaster received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition .
Giles Alexander Smith ( September 29 , 1829 -- November 8 , 1876 ) , was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Admiral Cecil Frederick Dampier , CMG ( 11 May 1868 - 11 April 1950 ) was a British Royal Navy officer during the First World War .
Captain Ruth Agatha Houghton ( born June 29 , 1909 ) was the Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps , serving in that position from 1958 to 1962 .
Bancroft Gherardi ( November 10 , 1832 -- December 10 , 1903 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy , who served during the Mexican--
Rear - Admiral John Monkton ( c. 1754 -- October 1826 ) was a Royal Navy officer of the late eighteenth century who is best known for his service in the French Revolutionary Wars as a commander of a ship of the line seeing action in several engagements , particularly the Battle of Groix in 1795 .
Admiral Sir Henry Frederick Stephenson GCVO KCB ( 7 June 1842 -- 16 December 1919 ) was a Royal Navy officer , courtier , and Arctic explorer .
Franciszek Surma was a Polish fighter ace of the Polish Air Force in World War II with 5 confirmed kills .
Edward J. Ruppelt ( July 17 , 1923 -- September 15 , 1960 ) was a United States Air Force officer probably best known for his involvement in Project Blue Book , a formal governmental study of unidentified flying objects .
Lieutenant colonel Hugh Henry John Seymour ( 25 September 1790 -- 2 December 1821 ) was a British Army officer and a politician .
The 11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East is a regular British Army brigade formation that is part of the Army 's ' Adaptable Force ' meaning it has operational units under command , as well as regional responsibilities across the South East of England .
Major - General George Philip Bradley Roberts CB , DSO , MC , ( November 5 , 1906 -- November 5 , 1997 ) , better known as `` Pip '' , was a senior officer of the British Army who served with distinction during the Second World War , in particular as commander of the 11th Armoured Division .
Captain Adam Mackenzie ( died 13 November 1823 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the American , French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , being present at numerous fleet actions , as well as serving as successful ship captain .
Rear - Admiral John Pasco ( 1774 - -1853 ) served in the Royal Navy between 1784 and 1853 , eventually rising to the rank of Rear Admiral .
Colonel Sir Anthony Coningham Sterling KCB ( 1805 - -1871 ) was a British Army officer and historian , author of The Highland Brigade in the Crimea .
Air Marshal Sir Philip Babington , KCB , MC , AFC ( 25 February 1894 -- 25 February 1965 ) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding - in - Chief of Flying Training Command .
Rear Admiral Katherine L. Gregory is the first female flag officer in the United States Navy Civil Engineer Corps ( CEC ) .
Raquel C. Bono is a vice admiral in the United States Navy .
The 416th Flight Test Squadron ( 416 FTS ) is a United States Air Force squadron .
James Machon ( born 1848 ) was a cabin boy in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Admiral John Schank ( c. 1740 -- 6 February 1823 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy known for his skill in ship construction and mechanical design .
Vice Admiral James Mighells ( died 1733 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Comptroller of the Navy .
Robert Brown Potter ( July 16 , 1829 -- February 19 , 1887 ) was a United States lawyer and a Union Army general in the American Civil War .
James Shepherd Freeman ( April 30 , 1900 in Jasper , AL -- August 7 , 1962 at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda , MD ) was a World War II Admiral in the United States Navy and the son of James Stanley Freeman .
Brigadier - General Sir George William Hacket Pain KBE CB ( 5 February 1855 -- 14 February 1924 ) was a British Army officer and Royal Irish Constabulary commissioner .
Anselm Genders CR , born Roger Marson Genders and also added the name of Alban when he joined the Royal Navy ( 15 August 1919 -- 19 June 2008 ) , was the Bishop of Bermuda from 1977 until 1982 .
Charles S. Abbot is a retired United States Navy Admiral who served as Deputy Commander in Chief , United States European Command ( DCINCEUR ) from 1998 to 2000 .
The Västerbotten Regiment ( Swedish : Västerbottens regemente ) , designations I 19 , I XIX , I 20 and I 20/Fo 61 , was a Swedish Army infantry regiment that traced its origins back to the 16th century .
Lieutenant - General Lord Frederick FitzClarence , GCH ( 9 December 1799 -- 30 October 1854 ) was a British Army officer as well as being the illegitimate third son of King William IV and his mistress , Dorothea Jordan .
Albert A. Francovich ( 1920 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Navy Cross for his actions during World War II .
The Laborec itself is a tributary , flowing into the Latorica river .
Little Wapwallopen Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Range Creek , rising in the Book Cliffs in Emery County , Utah , is a high tributary of the Colorado River .
The Kiskiminetas River ( called the Kiski for short ) is a tributary of the Allegheny River , approximately 27 miles ( 43 km ) long , in Western Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Ngiri River ( or Giri River ) is a tributary of the Ubangi River that flows southward through the Sud - Ubangi District of Équateur province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Loange River ( or Luangué , Luange ) is a tributary of the Kasai River .
L'Ourse , or Ourse de Ferrère , is a French river in the Pyrenees , a tributary of la Garonne .
Blackmore River flows into Darwin Harbour close to Darwin in the Australian Northern Territory .
The Tuolumne River ( /tuːˈɒləmiː/ `` To All o ' Me '' ; Yokutsan : Tawalimnu ) flows for 149 miles ( 240 km ) through Central California , from the high Sierra Nevada to join the San Joaquin River in the Central Valley .
The Cheakamus River ( pron . CHEK - a - moose ) is a tributary of the Squamish River , beginning on the west slopes of Outlier Peak in Garibaldi Provincial Park upstream from Cheakamus Lake on the southeastern outskirts of the resort area of Whistler .
The Brigach is the shorter of two streams that jointly form the river Danube in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Oli River is a river of Nigeria and Benin , tributary of the Niger River .
The South Nahanni River is a major tributary of the Liard River , located roughly 500 kilometres west of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The Meža ( Slovene ) or Mieß ( German ) is a river in the Austrian state of Carinthia and in Slovenia , a right tributary of the Drava .
Hammersley Fork ( also known as Hammersley Fork Creek ) is a tributary of Kettle Creek in Potter County and Clinton County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
From Igli the Oued Saoura runs through Béchar Province past the towns of Béni Abbès , Tamtert , El Ouata , Béni Ikhlef , Kerzaz , Timoudi , Ouled Khoudir , and Ksabi , then passes under the N6 highway before reaching the endorheic lake Sebkha el Melah .
Allyn River rises on Allyn Range , on the slopes of the Gondwana Rainforests Barrington Tops , west of Careys Peak , and flows generally southeast , joined by seven minor tributaries , before reaching its confluence with the Paterson River near Vacy ; descending 640 metres ( 2,100 ft ) over its 82-kilometre ( 51 mi ) course .
Maryland River is a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales , Australia .
The Deua River , being the main perennial river of the Moruya River catchment , is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Kakisa River is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The Spray River is a tributary of the Bow River in western Alberta , Canada .
Tanew is a river in south - east Poland , a tributary of San .
The Werre is a river in the Detmold region ( Regierungsbezirk ) of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , left tributary of the Weser .
The Clinch River rises near Tazewell , Virginia , and flows southwest for more than 300 miles ( 480 km ) through the Great Appalachian Valley , gathering various tributaries , including the Powell River , before joining the Tennessee River in Kingston , Tennessee .
The Yom River ( Thai : แม่น้ำยม , RTGS : Maenam Yom , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm jom ) ) is the main tributary of the Nan River ( which itself is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River ) .
The Betka River rises south of Genoa in the Croajingolong National Park , just east of the Princes Highway , and flows generally northeast , then southeast , then east by north , before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait north of the Mallacoota Aerodrome in the Shire of East Gippsland .
The Shenango River is a principal tributary of the Beaver River , approximately 100 mi ( 160 km ) long , in western Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Avers Rhine ( Romansh : Ragn da Ferrera , German : Averser Rhein ) is a tributary of the Hinterrhein / Rein Posteriur in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
The Blava is a tributary of the Dudváh in Trnava District , Western Slovakia .
The Noguera Ribagorçana joins the Segre from the right at Vilanova de la Barca ( Segrià ) .
The Kizir River ( Кизир ) is a right tributary of the Kazyr River .
Piner Creek discharges to Santa Rosa Creek which in turn joins the Laguna de Santa Rosa .
Nahal Alexander ( Hebrew : נחל אלכסנדר‎ ) is a river in Israel that flows from the mountains of Samaria to the Mediterranean Sea , north of Netanya .
The Wäschegrund is a roughly 3.3 kilometre long tributary of the Sperrlutter near the mining town of Sankt Andreasberg in Goslar district in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Rous River , a perennial river of the Tweed River catchment , is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kerripit River rises below Careys Peak in the Barrington Tops within the Great Dividing Range , in the Barrington Tops National Park , and flows generally northeast before reaching its confluence with the Barrington River , north northwest of the village of Berrico .
The Thaya ( Czech : Dyje ( ˈdɪjɛ ) ) is a river in Central Europe , the longest tributary to the Morava River .
The Wyong River rises below Watagan Mountains west of Martinsville , and flows generally south and southeast , joined by three minor tributaries , before reaching its river mouth within Tuggerah Lake , near Tacoma .
The Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan , runs 190 miles ( 310 km ) through the northwestern Lower Peninsula ; it now passes through the contemporary villages of Sharon , Smithville , and Mesick , entering Lake Michigan at Manistee .
The Naches River is a tributary of the Yakima River in central Washington in the United States .
Althupite is a rare aluminium thorium uranyl phosphate mineral with complex formula written as AlTh(UO2)7(PO4)4O2(OH)5
Jean - François Susbielle is a French author and specialist in geopolitics and geoeconomics .
Armand - Guy - Simon de Coetnempren , comte de Kersaint , in short Armand de Kersaint ( 29 July 1742 - -4 December 1793 ) , was a French sailor and politician .
Alice Zeniter is a French novelist and dramatist .
Jean Martin ( 6 March 1922 -- 2 February 2009 ) was a French actor of stage and screen .
Federico del Sagrado Corazón de Jesús García Lorca , known as Federico García Lorca ( Spanish pronunciation : ( feðeˈɾiko ɣarˈθi.a ˈlorka ) ; 5 June 1898 -- 19 August 1936 ) was a Spanish poet , playwright , and theatre director .
Louis - Simon Auger ( 29 December 1772 , Paris -- 2 January 1829 , Paris ) was a French journalist , literary critic and playwright .
Jean Paulhan ( 2 December 1884 -- 9 October 1968 ) was a French writer , literary critic and publisher , director of the literary magazine Nouvelle Revue Française ( NRF ) from 1925 to 1940 and from 1946 to 1968 .
Jacques Lacarrière ( French : ( lakaʁjɛʁ ) ; 2 December 1925 -- 17 September 2005 ) was a French writer , born in Limoges .
Daniel Schneidermann is a French journalist , born in Paris on April 5 , 1958 , who focuses on the analysis of televised media .
Anatole de Monzie ( 22 November 1876 , Bazas , Gironde -- 11 January 1947 , Paris ) was a French administrator , encyclopaedist ( Encyclopédie française ) , political figure and scholar .
Marjolijn Hof ( born 1956 ) is a Dutch writer and lives in Amsterdam .
Willem Frederik Hermans ( 1 September 1921 -- 27 April 1995 ) was a Dutch author of poetry , novels , short stories , plays , as well as booklength studies , essays , and literary criticism .
Tanguy Malmanche ( September 7 , 1875 -- March 20 , 1953 ) was a French writer involved in the revival of Breton culture .
Gilles Jacquier ( 25 October 1968 -- 11 January 2012 ) was a French photojournalist and reporter for France Télévisions .
Peter Hintze ( born 25 April 1950 in Honnef ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and since 2013 Vice President of the Bundestag .
Valérie Pécresse ( French pronunciation : ​(valeʁi peˈkʁɛs ) ; born 14 July 1967 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French politician .
Daniel Mesguich ( born July 15 , 1952 ) is a French - Algerian actor and director in theater and opera , and professor of stage acting school .
Peter Ramsauer ( born 10 February 1954 ) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) who served as the Federal Minister of Transport , Building and Urban Development in the Second Merkel cabinet .
Odette Laure ( 28 February 1917 -- 10 June 2004 ) was a French actress and cabaret singer .
Helga Guitton ( born 18 December 1942 ) is a German radio and television presenter .
Philip Astley ( 8 January 1742 -- 27 January 1814 ) was an English equestrian , circus owner , and inventor , regarded as being the `` father of the modern circus '' .
Claude Alphonse Delangle ( 6 April 1797 -- 25 December 1869 ) was a French magistrate and politician .
Didier Haudepin ( born 15 August 1951 ) is a French actor , film producer , director and screenwriter .
Maurice Bardèche ( 1 October 1907 -- 30 July 1998 ) was a French essayist , literary and art critic , journalist , and one of the leading exponents of neo - fascism in post--
Jean - Michel Mension ( 24 September 1934 -- 6 May 2006 ) was a French radical active in the Lettrist International , from which he was expelled as `` merely decorative '' , and the Ligue Communiste .
Bruno Gollnisch ( born 28 January 1950 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French academic and politician , a member of the National Front ( FN ) far - right party , and a member of the European Parliament .
Yves Mourousi ( 20 July 1942 in Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine -- 7 April 1998 in Paris ) was a French television and radio news presenter and journalist .
Valentine de Saint - Point ( born Anna Jeanne Valentine Marianne Glans de Cessiat - Vercell ; 16 February 1875 , Lyon - died 28 March 1953 , Cairo ) , was a woman of letters and a French artist .
Nicolas Bergasse ( born 24 January 1750 in Lyon - died 28 May 1832 in Paris ) was a French lawyer , philosopher , and politician , whose activity was mainly carried out during the beginning of the French Revolution during its early Monarchiens phase .
Laurence Grivot ( born Marie Laurent , 1843 , Versailles -- died 5 June 1890 , Thomery ) was a French operetta singer and actress .
Macha Méril ( born Princess Maria - Magdalena Vladimirovna Gagarina on 3 September 1940 , Rabat , Morocco ) is a French actress and writer .
Pierre - Antoine Lebrun ( French pronunciation : ​(pjɛʁ ɑ̃twan ləbʁœ̃ ) ; 29 November 1785 -- 27 May 1873 ) was a French poet .
Honorat de Bueil , seigneur de Racan ( sometimes mistakenly listed as `` marquis de Racan '' , although he never held this title ) ( 5 February 1589 -- 21 January 1670 ) was a French aristocrat , soldier , poet , dramatist and ( original ) member of the Académie française .
Jean - Baptiste Grivel ( 1778 - 1869 ) , was a French naval officer and naval writer .
Kjell Stefan Löfven ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈsteːfan lœˈveːn ) ; born 21 July 1957 ) is a Swedish politician who has been the Prime Minister of Sweden since 2014 and the Leader of the Social Democrats since 2012 .
Anne Louise Germaine de Staël - Holstein ( French : ( stal ) ; 22 April 1766 -- 14 July 1817 ) , commonly known as Madame de Staël , was a French woman of letters of Swiss origin whose lifetime overlapped with the events of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic era .
Raymond Guilliod ( born November 10 , 1919 in Saint - Claude , Guadeloupe , and died November 1 , 2005 ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1973 to 1981 .
Jean - Michel Dubernard ( French : ( dybɛʁnaʁ ) ; born Lyon , 17 May 1941 ) is a medical doctor specializing in transplant surgery , as well as a former Deputy in the French National Assembly .
Félix Gaillard d'Aimé ( French : ( feliks ɡajaʁ ) ; 1919 - -1970 ) was a French Radical politician who served as Prime Minister under the Fourth Republic from 1957 to 1958 .
Alain Robbe - Grillet ( French : ( a.lɛ̃ ʁɔb ɡʁi.jɛ ) ; 18 August 1922 -- 18 February 2008 ) was a French writer and filmmaker .
Marcel Risse ( born 17 December 1989 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 .
Anne Vernon ( born 7 January 1924 ) , born Edith Antoinette Alexandrine Vignaud , is a French actress .
Élise Lucet ( born 30 May 1963 in Rouen ( Seine - Maritime ) , France ) , is a French investigative journalist and television host .
François - Xavier Ménage , also known as Francis Xavier , ( born June 27 , 1980 ) is a French journalist .
Claude Ribbe ( born 13 October 1954 ) is a French writer , historian , philosopher and filmmaker of Caribbean origin .
Virginie Thévenet is a French actress , director and screenwriter born on January 12 , 1957 in Paris .
Alexandre Corréard ( 8 October 1788 -- 16 February 1857 ) was a French engineer and geographer .
Luc Andrieux ( 1917 - -1977 ) was a French actor and Assistant Director .
Jean - François Davy ( born 3 May 1945 ) is a French film producer , director , screenwriter and actor .
Hans Hugo Klein ( born 5 August 1936 in Karlsruhe ) is a German politician , representative of the German Christian Democratic Union from 1983 to 1996 and was judge at the Constitutional Court .
Eugène Brands ( January 15 , 1913 - January 15 , 2002 in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch painter .
Vanessa Duriès , also known as Katia Lamara ( 1972 -- December 13 , 1993 ) was a French novelist .
Franck Proust ( born 2 May 1963 , in Poitiers ) is a French politician of the Union for a Popular Movement and member of the European Parliament since 2011 , first vice - chair of the French EPP Group delegation in the European Parliament .
Laurent Hilaire ( born November 8 , 1962 ) is a French ballet dancer .
Maïwenn ( sometimes credited as Maïwenn Besco or her birth name Maïwenn Le Besco ( maj'wɛn lə bɛsˈko ) ; born 17 April 1976 ) is a French actress , film director and screenwriter .
André Héléna ( 8 April 1919 - 18 November 1972 ) was a French writer who spent most of his life in Leucate ( southern France ) on the mediterranean coast .
Walter Savage Landor ( 30 January 1775 -- 17 September 1864 ) was an English writer and poet .
Louise Rosalie Allan - Despreaux ( 1810 -- March 1856 ) was a noted French actress .
Joseph Peyré ( 13 March 1892 in Aydie ( Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) -- 26 December 1968 in Cannes ) was a French writer .
Jacques Alexandre Bixio ( 20 November 1808 -- 16 December 1865 ) was a French doctor , balloonist , and politician of Italian origin .
Henry Chapier ( born 14 November 1933 ) is a French journalist , film critic , television presenter and feature film director .
Sara Coleridge ( 23 December 1802 -- 3 May 1852 ) was an English author and translator .
Pieter verLoren van Themaat ( 16 March 1916 -- 4 July 2004 ) was a Dutch law professor , civil service worker , and Advocate - General of the European Court of Justice .
Christian Baldauf ( August 9 , 1967 in Frankenthal ) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( Germany ) and former opposition leader in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Gérard Lhéritier ( born 21 June 1948 , Nice , France ) is a French manuscript dealer .
Maïa Simon ( 10 November 1939 - 19 September 2007 ) was a French film and television actress .
Jürgen Klute ( born in Bünde on 18 October 1953 ) is a German politician , social pastor , and co - publisher .
Claire Etcherelli ( born 1934 in Bordeaux ) is a French novelist who has won Femina Prize
Julienne Mathieu was one of the earliest French silent film actresses who appeared mostly in French silents between 1905 and 1909 .
Martin Lamotte ( born 2 June 1947 ) is a French actor , comedian and director .
Raphaël Milliès - Lacroix ( 4 December 1850 -- 12 October 1941 ) was a French draper and politician from Dax , Landes , in the southwest of the country .
Nacer Bouhanni ( born 25 July 1990 ) is a French professional racing cyclist , who rides for UCI ProTeam Cofidis .
Jean Vauquelin de la Fresnaye ( or de La Fresnaye ) ( 1536 - -1608 ) was a French poet born at the château of La Fresnaye - au - Sauvage in Normandy in 1536 .
Jean - Jacques - François Le Barbier ( born in Rouen November 11 , 1738 -- died in Paris May 7 , 1826 ) was a writer , illustrator and painter of French history .
Maxence Caron ( born in 1976 ) is a French writer , poet , philosopher and musicologist .
Benjamin Franklin Wedekind ( July 24 , 1864 -- March 9 , 1918 ) , usually known as Frank Wedekind , was a German playwright .
Nicolas Bataille ( March 14 1926 - -October 28 2008 ) was a French comedian and director .
Patrick de Carolis ( born 19 November 1953 ) is a French TV journalist and writer .
Jacob Moleschott ( 9 August 1822 -- 20 May 1893 ) was a Dutch physiologist and writer on dietetics .
Jaime Semprun ( 26 July 1947 -- 3 August 2010 ) was a French essayist and translator .
Elisabet Avramidou Granlund , known professionally as Elli Avram ( born 29 July 1990 ) is a Swedish Greek actress and is now based in Mumbai , India .
Furhgill Zeldenrust ( born 21 July 1989 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Eerste Divisie club FC Den Bosch .
Bernard Tiphaine ( born July 27 , 1938 in Paris ) is a French actor .
Coenraad van Beuningen ( 1622 -- Amsterdam , 26 October 1693 ) was the Dutch Republic 's most experienced diplomat , burgomaster of Amsterdam in 1669 , 1672 , 1680 , 1681 , 1683 and 1684 , and from 1681 a Dutch East India Company director .
Adhémar Leclère ( 12 May 1853 -- 16 March 1917 ) was a French diplomat , economist , politician and ethnologist .
François Ignace Schaal , born and baptized on 5 December 1747 in Colmar ( Alsace ) and died on 30 August 1833 at Sélestat ( Bas - Rhin ) , was a French general and statesman of the French Revolutionary Wars and the First Empire .
Jean - Baptiste Poquelin , known by his stage name Molière ( /moʊlˈjɛər/ ; French : ( mɔ.ljɛːʁ ) ; 15 January 1622 -- 17 February 1673 ) , was a French playwright and actor who is considered to be one of the greatest masters of comedy in Western literature .
Bruno Durieux , born October 23 , 1944 in Montigny , Sarthe is a French politician .
Françoise de Panafieu ( born 12 December 1948 at Moyeuvre - Grande ) is a French politician , member of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) party and mayor of the 17th arrondissement of Paris .
Édouard Joseph Dantan ( Paris 26 August 1848 -- 7 July 1897 ) was a French painter in the classical tradition .
Tobias Pflüger ( born on 1 February 1965 in Stuttgart ) is a German politician and former Member of the European Parliament ( 2004 - 2009 ) .
Jean - Jacques Bernard ( 30 July 1888 -- 14 September 1972 ) was a French playwright and the chief representative of what became known as l’école du silence or , as some critics called it , the art of the unexpressed , in which the dialogue does not express the characters '' real attitudes .
Pierre Frondaie ( born Albert René Fraudet ) ( 25 April 1884 -- 25 September 1948 ) was a French poet , novelist , and playwright .
Ana Botella Serrano ( born 23 July 1953 ) is a Spanish politician belonging to the Spanish People 's Party and Mayor of Madrid from December 2011 to June 2015 .
Isaac de Benserade ( French : ( bɛ̃.sʁad ) ; baptized November 5 , 1613 -- October 10 , 1691 ) was a French poet .
Joseph Julien Casimir Mange , known as José Mange ( 10 October 1866 , Toulon - 7 January 1935 , Toulon ) was a French Impressionist landscape painter and Occitan poet who was a member of the Félibrige .
Ilarie Voronca ( pen name of Eduard Marcus ; 31 December 1903 , Brăila--8 April 1946 , Paris ) was a Romanian - French avant - garde poet and essayist .
Pierre - François - Joseph Robert ( French : ( ʁɔbɛʁ ) ; 21 January 1763 -- 13 April 1826 ) was a French lawyer , politician and professor of public law at the société philosophique , journalist .
Pom Klementieff was born on May 3 , 1986 , in Quebec City to a Korean mother and French - Russian father , who was working there as a consul with the French government .
Marina Schuster ( born 23 September 1975 ) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party .
Judith Vittet is a French actress who played `` Miette '' in La Cité des enfants perdus ( English : The City of Lost Children ) ( 1995 ) .
Robert Navarro ( born 1 May 1952 in Cuxac - d'Aude , Aude ) is a French politician and French Senator representing Hérault .
Herman Diederiks ( 9 October 1937 , Rotterdam -- 11 August 1995 , Ardèche ) was a Dutch historian who specialized in crime and justice history in the Netherlands .
Florence Delay ( born 19 March 1941 in Paris ) is a French academician and actress .
Nicolas Bergier ( French : ( bɛʁʒje ) ) , Avocat au Siège Présidial de Rheims , lived in 17th - century Rheims and became interested in Roman roads there .
Sholem Asch ( Yiddish : שלום אַש‎ ) , also written Shalom Asch or simply Shalom Ash ( 1 November 1880 -- 10 July 1957 ) , was a Polish - Jewish novelist , dramatist , and essayist in the Yiddish language that settled in the United States .
François Paul Jules Grévy ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒyl ɡʁevi ) ; 15 August 1807 -- 9 September 1891 ) was a President of the French Third Republic and one of the leaders of the Opportunist Republicans faction .
Johann Christian Friedrich Hölderlin ( German : ( ˈjoːhan ˈkʁɪsti.aːn ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈhœldɐliːn ) ; 20 March 1770 -- 7 June 1843 ) was a major German lyric poet , commonly associated with the artistic movement known as Romanticism .
Georg Leber ( 7 October 1920 -- 21 August 2012 ) was a German Trades Union leader and a politician in the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Nicole Tourneur ( 9 August 1950 -- 14 May 2011 ) was a French novelist .
Dr Hans Mühlenfeld ( 11 September 1901 -- 14 October 1969 ) was a German politician and diplomat who served as the second Ambassador to Australia and Ambassador to the Netherlands .
Nicola Boem ( born 27 September 1989 ) is an Italian racing cyclist .
Pascal Thomas ( born 2 April 1945 ) is a French screenwriter and film director .
Désiré Dalloz ( 12 August 1795 -- 12 January 1869 ) was a French jurist , politician and publisher .
Louis Jacques Napoléon Bertrand , better known by his pen name Aloysius Bertrand ( 20 April 1807 -- 29 April 1841 ) , was a French Romantic poet , playwright and journalist .
Gert Weisskirchen ( or Weißkirchen ; born 16 May 1944 in Heidelberg ) is a German politician ( Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) ) .
Christian Poncelet ( born 24 March 1928 ) is a conservative French politician .
William Warburton ( 24 December 1698 -- 7 June 1779 ) was an English writer , literary critic and churchman , Bishop of Gloucester from 1759 until his death .
Mila Parély ( 7 October 1917 -- 14 January 2012 ) was a French actress of Polish ancestry best known for the roles of Belle 's sister in Jean Cocteau 's La Belle et la Bête and as Geneviève in La Règle du jeu .
Catherine Spaak ( born 3 April 1945 ) is a French - Italian actress and singer .
Heinrich Philipp Konrad Henke ( July 3 , 1752 -- May 2 , 1809 ) , German theologian , best known as a writer on church history , was born at Hehlen , Brunswick - Lüneburg .
Jacques - René Tenon ( February 21 , 1724 - January 16 , 1816 ) was a French surgeon born near the town of Joigny .
Renée Dunan ( Avignon , 1892 - -1936 ) , was a French writer , critic and poet .
Kim Yeong - hyeon ( The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea ) is a modern Korean poet , novelist and publisher .
Alexander Bonde ( born 12 January 1975 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German politician for Alliance ' 90/The Greens .
Jean Julien known as Julien of Toulouse ( 1750 in Nîmes -- 1828 ) was a deputy to the National Convention and a political figure in the French Revolution .
Jacques Hardion ( 17 October 1686 , Tours -- 2 October 1766 , Versailles ) was a French historian , scholar and translator from ancient Greek .
Philippe - Joseph - Benjamin Buchez ( 1796 - -1865 ) , more commonly called Philippe Buchez , was a French historian , sociologist , and politician .
Romane Bohringer ( born 14 August 1973 ) is a French actress , film director , screenwriter and costume designer .
Bart van der Leck ( 26 November 1876 , Utrecht - 13 November 1958 , Blaricum ) was a Dutch painter , designer , and ceramacist .
Olivier Da Lage ( born in 1957 , Saint - Cloud , France ) is a French journalist .
Blanche Gardin is a French actress and writer .
Markus Ferber ( born 15 January 1965 in Augsburg , Bavaria ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Bavaria .
Martine Billard ( born October 7 , 1952 in Boulogne - Billancourt , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French politician and a deputy to the National Assembly of France .
Marie Françoise Sophie Gay ( born Nichault de la Valette in Paris , 1 July 1776 -- 2 March 1852 was a French author , born in Paris .
André Fontaine ( 30 March 1921 -- 17 March 2013 ) was a French historian and journalist .
Alain Borer ( born 1949 in Luxeuil ) , is a French poet , art critic , essayist , novelist , playwright , writer - traveler , signatory of the Littérature - monde ( world literature ) manifesto , and eminent authority on the works of Arthur Rimbaud .
Christophe Malavoy , born 21 March 1952 in Reutlingen , ( Germany ) , is a French actor .
René de Marmande ( 1 January 1875 -- 22 October 1949 ) was a French journalist and anarchist .
Jean - Christophe Bouvet ( born 1947 ) is a French actor , film director and writer .
Maurice Satineau ( born September 18 , 1891 in Baie Mahault , Guadeloupe , and died September 13 , 1960 in Paris ) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French Senate from 1948 - 1958 and the French National Assembly from 1936 - 1942 .
Adolphe de Leuven ( 1800 -- 14 April 1884 ) was a French theatre director and a librettist .
Marie - France Stirbois ( born Marie - France Charles on 11 November 1944 in Paris , died 17 April 2006 in Nice of cancer ) was a French National Front politician , representing Dreux from 1989 to 1993 , and a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999 and from 2003 to 2004 .
Paul Lücke ( 13 November 1914 in Schönborn , Rhine Province -- 10 August 1976 ) was a German politician and civil servant .
Claude Louis Séraphin Barizain ( December 6 , 1783 -- 1843 ) was a French actor , known as Monrose .
Hendrik Hondius I , Henricus Hondius I or Hendrik Hondius the Elder ( Latinised form of ' Hendrik de Hondt ' , first name also spelled : ' Hendrick ' ) ( 1573 - -1650 ) , was a Flemish - born and trained engraver , cartographer and publisher who settled in the Dutch Republic in 1597 .
Boris Šprem ( pronounced ( boris ʃperm ) ; 14 April 1956 -- 30 September 2012 ) was a Croatian politician who was Speaker of the Croatian Parliament from 2011 to 2012 .
Baron Georges - Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès ( 5 February 1812 -- 2 November 1895 ) was a French military officer and politician .
Jean Levy known as Jean Ferry ( 1906 -- 1974 ) was a French writer and follower of the ' pataphysical tradition ' .
Benjamin Péret ( 4 July 1899 -- 18 September 1959 ) was a French poet , Parisian Dadaist and a founder and central member of the French Surrealist movement with his avid use of Surrealist automatism .
Alain de Benoist ( French : ( də bənwa ) ; born 11 December 1943 ) is a French academic , philosopher , a founder of the Nouvelle Droite ( New Right ) , and head of the French think tank GRECE .
Marlène Jobert ( born 4 November 1940 ) is a French actress , singer and author .
Guy Béhart - Hasson ( French : ( beaʁ ) ; 16 July 1930 -- 16 September 2015 ) , known as Guy Béart , was a French singer and songwriter .
François Falc'hun ( 20 April 1901 -- 13 January 1991 ) was a controversial French linguist known for his theories about the origin of the Breton language .
Charles Gérard ( born 1 December 1926 ) is a French actor and director of Armenian origin .
F. Springer ( 15 January 1932 -- 7 November 2011 ) was the pseudonym of Carel Jan Schneider , a Dutch foreign service diplomat and writer .
Henry Kirke White ( 21 March 1785 -- 19 October 1806 ) was an English poet , who died at a young age .
Louis Pierre Édouard , Baron Bignon ( 3 January 1771 , La Mailleraye - sur - Seine -- 6 January 1841 ) was a French diplomat and historian .
Alfred Kubel ( 25 May 1909 in Braunschweig -- 22 May 1999 in Bad Pyrmont ) was a German politician ; in his later career , he was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Stefan Dittrich ( 28 June 1912 -- 5 February 1988 ) was a German politician , who represented Deggendorf for the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Jean de La Ville de Mirmont ( 2 December 1886 -- 28 November 1914 ) was a French poet who died at the age of 27 defending his country during World War I , at Verneuil .
Philippe Richert ( born 22 May 1953 ) is a French politician of The Republicans party ( known as the Union for a Popular Movement until 2015 ) and the current president of the regional council of Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine .
Gabriel Naudé ( 2 February 1600 -- 10 July 1653 ) was a French librarian and scholar .
Hippolyte - Julien - Joseph Lucas ( 20 December 1807 , Rennes -- 16 November 1878 , Paris ) was a French writer and critic whose literary output was largely centered on theatre and opera .
Roland Vogt ( German : ( foːkt ) ; born 17 February 1941 ) is a German politician .
Jon de Cortina Garaigorta , S.J. ( Bilbao , December 8 , 1934 -- Guatemala City , December 12 , 2005 ) was a Jesuit priest , engineer , and activist , founder of Pro - Búsqueda , an organization dedicated to searching for the missing children of the Salvadoran Civil War .
Webster Wagner ( October 2 , 1817 -- January 13 , 1882 ) was an American inventor , manufacturer and politician from New York .
Prince Maciej Radziwiłł ( Lithuanian : Motiejus Radvila ) ( November 10 , 1749 -- September 2 , 1800 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian noble ( szlachcic ) , composer and librettist .
Ian Cuttler Sala ( 1971 - -2014 ) was a Mexican art director , photographer and graphic design artist .
Syrianus ( Ancient Greek : Συριανός , Syrianos ; died c. 437 ) was a Greek Neoplatonist philosopher , and head of Plato 's Academy in Athens , succeeding his teacher Plutarch of Athens in 431/432 .
Jennie Franks is an English photographer , actress , and playwright .
Keff McCulloch is an English composer best known for his electronic music for Doctor Who in the late 1980s .
Martin Schenkel ( 25 April 1968 -- 27 March 2003 ) was a Swiss television actor and musician starring usually in Swiss German television productions .
Brett Manning is an American vocal coach and singer .
Jerome Vered ( born March 13 , 1958 ) is a Studio City , California writer , publicly known for his record - setting success as a contestant on the U.S. television game show Jeopardy !
Mario Alberto Domínguez Zarzar ( born January 22 , 1977 ) , known professionally as Mario Domm , is a Mexican pop singer and songwriter .
Robin Hoffmann ( born February 18 , 1984 ) is a German composer , orchestrator and arranger .
Zofia Romer ( February 16 , 1885 -- August 23 , 1972 ) , née Zofia Dembowska was a Polish painter .
H. Winnett Orr ( March 17 , 1877 -- October 11 , 1956 ) was an orthopedic surgeon who was born in Pennsylvania , raised and lived the rest of his life in Nebraska .
Miki Antony ( born Michael Antony Derrick ) is a British singer , composer , record producer and property developer .
Erik Rico is an American born musician , singer , songwriter , producer , and DJ .
Paul Tan is a Malaysian motoring journalist .
Ida Glanzmann is a Swiss politician and current Vice President of the Christian Democratic People 's Party .
Fred J. Doocy ( born May 5 , 1913 ) is an American politician and banker .
Joshua Solomon Jeremiah Jordan ( born January 9 , 1983 ) , better known by his stage name , Never Yet Contested , is an American rapper , artist , songwriter , and record producer .
Francisco Llamas ( active 1700 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period , active in Madrid .
Michelle Vizzuso ( born April 13 , 1977 in Fairfield Township , Essex County , New Jersey ) is an American former field hockey player who made her international senior debut for the Women 's National Team in 1997 .
Terry Cafolla is an award - winning Northern Irish screenwriter .
Corinne Vanier is a former professional tennis player who won the 1981 French Open Women 's doubles championship with Sophie Amiach and played on the WTA tour .
Peter J. Wallison ( born June 6 , 1941 ) is a lawyer and the Arthur F. Burns Fellow in Financial Policy Studies at the American Enterprise Institute .
Michelle Rifenberg ( born January 30 , 1957 ) is an American politician and homemaker .
Rich Orloff is a playwright living in New York .
Domenico Morgante ( born January 21 , 1956 ) is an Italian musicologist , organist and harpsichordist .
Brian Brinkley ( born 28 December 1953 ) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympic Games , FINA world championships and European championships , and England in the Commonwealth Games , during the 1970s .
Andrea Gibb ( born in Greenock , Scotland ) is a Scottish screenwriter and actress .
Denis Perron ( November 22 , 1938 -- April 23 , 1997 ) was Canadian politician , who represented the riding of Duplessis in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1976 to 1997 .
After retiring from competitions Bernd Landvoigt worked as a rowing coach , first at his club SG Dynamo Potsdam and later with the national team .
Robert Paul Brown ( b. July 5 , 1876 , Glencoe , Iowa ; d. June 17 , 1962 , Vancouver , British Columbia ) , commonly called `` Bob '' , was a professional baseball player , manager , and team owner .
Professor Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad M.A. , Ph.D. in Hindi and Telugu , is an Indian writer and politician .
Emilio Bacardi Moreau ( 1844 - -1922 ) was a Cuban industrialist , politician , and writer who managed the Bacardi Rum Company and served as mayor of Santiago .
Nicolas Berejny ( born June 27 , 1968 ) is a French alpine skier and 3-time Paralympic Champion .
George Wilbur Peck ( September 28 , 1840 -- April 16 , 1916 ) was an American writer and politician from Wisconsin .
Christophe - Alphonse Geoffrion , PC ( November 23 , 1843 -- July 18 , 1899 ) was a Canadian lawyer , professor , and politician .
Moses ter Borch ( 1645 - -1667 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter , whose work mostly consists of drawings .
William Henry Moody ( December 23 , 1853 -- July 2 , 1917 ) was an American politician and jurist , who held positions in all three branches of the Government of the United States .
S. Charles Lee ( September 5 , 1899 - January 27 , 1990 ) was an American architect recognized as one of the most prolific and distinguished motion picture theater designers on the West Coast .
The Association of Artists of Bosnia and Herzegovina named its gallery , opened in 1980 , Galerija Roman Petrović in honour of the painter .
George Duran ( born George Kevork Guldalian on January 13 , 1975 ) is a Venezuelan born American chef and entertainer who is currently a spokesman in commercials for Hunt 's tomatoes .
Malik Amin Aslam is a Pakistani politician of Awan ethnicity .
Peter Telep ( born April 8 , 1965 ) is an American author , screenwriter , and educator .
Zbigniew Wawer is a Polish historian , specializing in Polish military history in World War II . He is the author of several books , articles , and documentaries .
Wenlan Chia ( 賈雯蘭 ) is a Taipei - born American fashion designer and creator of the line , Twinkle by Wenlan , which she launched in 2000 .
İlhan Selçuk ( March 11 , 1925 -- June 21 , 2010 ) was a Turkish lawyer , journalist , author , novelist and editor .
Megan Hayes is an award - winning actor and writer .
David H. Wells is a freelance publication photographer and video maker .
Olly Blackburn ( also credited as Oliver Blackburn and Ollie Blackburn ) is a film director and screenwriter .
Antoine Reed ( born December 24 , 1987 ) , is an American rapper better known by his stage name Sir Michael Rocks or Mikey Rocks .
Jay Douglas ( born May 21 , 1988 ) is an American actor , director , artist , and business entrepreneur .
Marc Dalton is a Canadian politician , who was elected as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election , representing the riding of Maple Ridge - Mission by 68 votes .
Paul Cushing Child ( January 15 , 1902 -- May 12 , 1994 ) was an American civil servant and diplomat .
Jayant Kripalani is an Indian film , television and stage actor , director and trainer .
Harry Barris ( November 24 , 1905 -- December 13 , 1962 ) was an American popular singer and songwriter , and is one of the earliest singers to use `` scat singing '' in recordings .
Lü Yue ( simplified Chinese : 吕乐 ; traditional Chinese : 呂樂 ) ( born 1957 ) is a Chinese cinematographer and film director .
Ben Jukich is a former minor league baseball player who played for the LG Twins in Korea .
Harry Sinclair is a film director , writer , and actor .
Born into a family of an orchestral musician , Ilya Kaler showed enormous talent from an early age .
George Botsford ( February 24 , 1874 -- February 11 , 1949 ) was an American composer of ragtime and other forms of music .
Niobe Thompson is a Canadian anthropologist and documentary film maker .
Ali Hussain Rizvi ( Urdu : علی حسین رضوی ) ( born January 6 , 1974 , Karachi ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1997 .
Carl Olof Rosenius ( February 3 , 1816 -- February 24 , 1868 ) was a Swedish preacher , author and editor of the monthly Pietisten ( The Pietist ) from 1842 to 1868 .
Chris Hondros ( March 14 , 1970 -- April 20 , 2011 ) was an American war photographer .
Peet Poillon ( born May 21 , 1987 in La Jolla , California ) is a professional lacrosse player who currently plays for the Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse a Re - Peet of sorts .
Eric Paulos is an American computer scientist , artist ( working in new media art ) , and inventor , best known for his early work on internet robotic teleoperation and is considered a founder of the field of Urban Computing .
Mace Greenleaf ( December 8 , 1872 -- March 23 , 1912 ) was an American stage and silent film actor .
Jean - Baptiste Kiéthéga is an archeologist and historian from Upper Volta , currently Burkina Faso .
Jarboe ( /ˈdʒɑrboʊ/ ; also known as Jane Jarboe , and the Living Jarboe ; born Jarboe La Salle Devereaux ) is an American singer - songwriter and keyboardist who came to prominence as a member of the New York City - based band Swans in 1985 .
Cuthbert Johnson ( born 11 July 1946 ) is a British musician , liturgist and former Benedictine abbot .
Giovanna Bassi was born in Italy as the daughter of the Italian ballet dancer Angela Bassi .
William Travilla ( March 22 , 1920 -- November 2 , 1990 ) , who went by the professional name of Travilla , was an American costume designer for theatre , film , and television .
The Canadian Lawyer magazine rated Angelo Branca as the most famous criminal defense lawyer in Canada 's history .
Umberto Verdirosi is a painter , actor , sculptor and poet who was born in Piedmont in northern Italy .
Rachel Berger is an Australian comedian , actor , and writer .
Yuval Ron ( Hebrew : יובל רון‎ ) is an award - winning world music artist , composer , educator , peace activist , and record producer .
Maria Clara Eimmart ( 1676 - -1707 ) , was a German astronomer , engraver and designer .
Gil Shefler is an Israeli journalist covering the Jewish world for The Jerusalem Post .
Jerry Van Amerongen is a cartoonist based in the United States .
Hardrada Harold Hume ( June 10 , 1875 -- October 10 , 1965 ) was a Canadian - born American university professor , administrator and horticulturalist .
Dorothy Jeanne Thompson ( August 6 , 1930 -- April 13 , 1986 ) , better known as Dorothy Ashby , was an American jazz harpist and composer .
John Ella ( 1802 - 1888 ) was an English violinist and director of concerts .
Francesco Calogero ( born February 6 , 1935 ) is an Italian physicist , active in the community of scientists concerned with nuclear disarmament .
Dean DeLeo ( born August 23 , 1961 in Montclair , New Jersey ) is an American guitarist known for his work with rock band Stone Temple Pilots .
David W. Dickinson ( June 10 , 1808 -- April 27 , 1845 ) was an American politician who represented Tennessee 's eighth district in the United States House of Representatives .
Chauncey Langdon ( November 8 , 1763 -- July 23 , 1830 ) was an American politician , lawyer and judge .
François Audouy ( born June 17 , 1974 ) is a French - American movie production designer and art director .
Jennifer Yee is an American chef , specializing in pastry .
J. Eliot B. Moss is a computer scientist active in the fields of garbage collection and multiprocessor synchronization .
R. William Patterson ( July 28 , 1908 -- June 18 , 1994 ) , a U.S. politician and member of the Democratic party , was mayor of Dayton , Ohio , from 1958 to 1962 .
Zheng Guo or Cheng Kuo ( 鄭國 ) was a hydraulic engineer from the ancient Chinese kingdom of Han who designed the Zhengguo Canal in the kingdom of Qin during the Warring States period .
Gaius Junius Donatus ( fl . mid - third century ) was a Roman politician , who was appointed consul twice , the second time in AD 260 , during the Crisis of the Third Century .
Nicoll Fosdick ( November 9 , 1785 New London , New London County , Connecticut -- May 7 , 1868 New London , CT ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Ellen Ruppel Shell ( born 1952 ) is an American journalist , a correspondent for the Atlantic Monthly , and professor of science journalism at Boston University .
Mary Ellen Childs ( born April 13 , 1957 in Lafayette , Indiana ) is an American composer and multimedia artist and founder of the ensemble Crash .
Raymond Chrétien , OC ( born May 20 , 1942 ) is a Canadian lawyer and diplomat .
Marshall Kilduff ( born February 14 , 1949 ) is a journalist currently writing for the San Francisco Chronicle .
Captain James Buchanan Eads ( May 23 , 1820 -- March 8 , 1887 ) was a world - renowned American civil engineer and inventor , holding more than 50 patents .
Alexander Georgiyevich Gromov ( in Russian : Александр Георгиевич Громов , b. May 19 , 1947 , in Odintsovo , Moscow Oblast , Soviet Union ) is a Russian politician .
Leonid Vaseršteĭn is a Russian - American mathematician , currently Professor of Mathematics at Penn State University .
Clayton Bellamy is a Canadian singer / songwriter who performs country music .
Seo Ju - hyun ( born June 28 , 1991 ) , known professionally as Seohyun , is a South Korean singer and actress .
Pedro José Figueroa was a Colombian portrait painter .
John F. Ince is an author , business journalist , documentary filmmaker , social entrepreneur , podcaster and nonprofit administrator .
F. McGrew Willis was an American screenwriter of the silent and early sound film eras .
Claudius Agathemerus ( Gr . Κλαύδιος Ἀγαθήμερος ) was an ancient Greek physician who lived in the 1st century .
Elena Santarelli ( born 18 August 1981 ) is an Italian model , television personality and actress .
Dorence Atwater ( February 3 , 1845 -- November 26 , 1910 ) was a Union Army soldier , merchant , entrepreneur , and United States Consul to Tahiti .
Tim Weidner is an engineer and producer , best known for his work with Trevor Horn .
Roscoe Shelton ( August 22 , 1931 -- July 27 , 2002 ) was an American electric blues and R&B singer .
Marian Turkowski ( 1894 - 1948 ) was a soldier of Polish Legions in World War I and Polish II Corps in Russia , and officer , later General brygady of the Polish Army .
Henrik Lacaj ( 1909 - 1991 ) was an Albanian humanitarian , linguist , and translator .
Fabian Månsson worked as a navvy and became active as a radical in the Social Democratic Party , for which he also worked as an agitator , a journalist and a poet .
Michael Capuzzo ( born on May 1 , 1957 ) is an American journalist and author best known for his New York Times - bestselling nonfiction books The Murder Room and Close to Shore .
John Kimball ( September 30 , 1796 -- February 23 , 1884 ) was a New Hampshire and Vermont attorney and politician who served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and the Vermont House of Representatives .
Marjorie Tipping MBE ( 1917 - -2009 ) was an Australian historian and patron of community services .
Adam Barr is a television screenwriter and producer best known for his comedy credits , including the hit NBC series Will & Grace .
Indu Banga is an Indian historian who specializes in the history of Punjab .
Herbert William Weekes ( fl . 1864 - -1904 ) was a well - known British genre and animal painter of the Victorian Neoclassical period who specialized in portraying animals in humorous , human - like situations .
D'Angelo Cherry ( born August 1 , 1990 ) is an American sprinter , who specialises in the 60 , 100 and 200 meters .
George Rhoads ( born January 27 , 1926 ) is a contemporary American painter , sculptor , and origami master .
Tamara Barnett - Herrin is a London - based singer - songwriter , who has sung with the group Freeform Five on the album Strangest Things which was released in 2005 .
Deepak Jaitoi ( Punjabi : ਦੀਪਕ ਜੈਤੋਈ ) , also spelled as Deepak Jatoi , was a Punjabi Ghazal - writer as well as songwriter .
George Melendez Wright ( June 20 , 1904 -- February 25 , 1936 ) was an American biologist who conducted the first scientific survey of fauna for the National Park Service .
Matija Kluković ( born May 4 , 1982 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a young Croatian independent film director .
Amber Sherlock ( née Higlett ) is an Australian journalist and television news presenter .
Deborah L. Ruggiero ( born April 2 , 1958 ) , commonly known as Deb Ruggiero , is an American radio personality and politician from Jamestown , Rhode Island .
Abraham Han ( born September 29 , 1984 in El Paso , Texas ) is a professional boxer in the Light Middleweight division and fought in the World Combat League .
Humayun Farhat ( Urdu : ہمایوں فرحت‎ ; born January 24 , 1981 in Lahore ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Miles Long ( born November 4 , 1968 ) is an American pornographic film director and former pornographic actor .
C R Irani was a prominent Indian journalist and the Editor - in - Chief of The Statesman .
Richard Charles Hussey , always referred to as R.C. Hussey , was a British architect .
Micha Lindenstrauss ( Hebrew : מיכה לינדנשטראוס‎ ) ( born 1937 ) is an Israeli judge and the State Comptroller between 2005 and 2012 .
Ismael Rodríguez ( October 19 , 1917 -- August 7 , 2004 ) was an acclaimed Mexican film director .
Josh Albee is an American television actor , known for his work as a child actor during the 1970s , and for the role as the young , mute boy Caleb in the feature film , Jeremiah Johnson .
Francis Loraine Petre OBE ( 1852 - -1925 ) was a British civil servant in India and a military historian upon his retirement .
Jesse M. Campbell ( born October 9 , 1977 in Twinsburg , Ohio ) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who earned the biggest win of his career on July 7 , 2013 in the $ 1 million Queen 's Plate aboard Midnight Aria at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto , Ontario .
Zalon Thompson ( born 23 October 1983 ) is a British pop singer , songwriter and record producer , currently singing backing vocals known most famously for this work with Amy Winehouse as her lead singer , and featuring on her Grammy Award winning album , DVD and single .
Claude Beauchamp is a journalist , publisher , and political activist in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Douglas Schwartz is an American television screenwriter and series creator who , along with Michael Berk , worked as a writer on the television series Manimal , and multiple made for television movies .
Gregg Blikre ( born December 8 , 1949 in Wilson , North Dakota ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing District 53 since September 1 , 2009 , when he was appointed by the Campbell County Commission to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Erin Mercer .
Predrag Rusevski ( Macedonian : Предраг Русевски ; born 3 August 1983 ) is a retired professional Macedonian tennis player .
Richard Westenburg ( April 26 , 1932 , Minneapolis - February 20 , 2008 , Norwalk , Connecticut ) was a lauded American choral conductor .
Wisit Sasanatieng ( Thai : วิศิษฏ์ ศาสนเที่ยง ; rtgs : Wisit Satsanathiang ; born June 28 , 1963 ) is a Thai film director and screenwriter of Chinese descent .
May Hariri ( born 24 - 12 - 1968 ) is a Lebanese pop artist as well as an actor and the ex - wife of singer Melhem Barakat .
César Canevaro ( January 19 , 1846 -- October 31 , 1922 ) was a Peruvian military man and politician .
Armin Hagen Freiherr von Hoyningen - Huene ( born in 1942 ) is a photographer , artist , filmmaker , clothing designer / sewer , model and gay sex symbol best known by his stage name Peter Berlin .
Laura Rizzotto born July 18 , 1994 ) is a pop singer - songwriter and acoustic guitarist , born and raised in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Henry Dyer Grindle ( November 19 , 1826 -- September 14 , 1902 ) was a Manhattan physician and abortion provider in the 1870s who worked under the name H.D. Grindle .
Vanessa Porto ( born March 16 , 1984 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and amateur boxer who competes in the Invicta Fighting Championships flyweight division .
Aleksander Augustynowicz ( born February 7 , 1865 in Iskrzynia , died August 23 , 1944 in Warsaw ) was a Polish painter , active between 1865 - 1944 in Poland .
Rachelle Leah ( born August 20 , 1984 ) is an American model , actress and television personality who has worked as a glamour model in mixed martial arts .
Nithiwat Tharathorn ( Thai : นิธิวัฒน์ ธราธร ) is a Thai film director .
Pedro Vuskovic Bravo ( February 25 , 1924 -- May 10 , 1993 ) was a Chilean economist of Croatian descent , political figure , minister and author of the economic plan implemented by Salvador Allende during his government called Vuskovic plan .
Hussein Abdi Dualeh ( Somali : Xuseen Cabdi Duaale ) is a Somali politician and petroleum engineer .
Ban Tsui ( Chinese : 徐志豪 ; born 1963 , Hong Kong ) is a Canadian anesthesiologist known for medical innovation in the field of anesthesia .
Tom Epperson is an American screenwriter and writer known for his collaborations with Billy Bob Thornton .
Wini Shaw ( February 25 , 1907 -- May 2 , 1982 ) , sometimes credited as Winifred Shaw , was an American actress , dancer and singer .
James Cotten ( born February 12 , 1974 ) is an American actor , film director , producer , and writer .
In 2015 , Mark Dantonio became the first head coach in Big Ten history to achieve at least 11 wins in 5 of 6 seasons .
Arnaldo Coro Antich , aka Arnie Coro , is a Cuban radio host , academic and popular amateur radio operator .
William Scott Darling ( May 28 , 1898 -- October 29 , 1951 ) was a Canadian - born writer and a pioneer screenwriter and film director in the Hollywood motion picture industry .
Jennifer Anne Ognibene , known by her stage name Jenny O. , is an American singer - songwriter , based in Los Angeles , California .
Dianne McIntyre ( born July 18 , 1946 ) is an African - American dancer , choreographer , and teacher .
George Cram Cook or Jig Cook ( October 7 , 1873 -- January 14 , 1924 ) was an American theatre producer , director , playwright , novelist , and poet .
Jay Alexander ( born April 10 , 1968 ) is an American magician and comic known as a corporate and society entertainer .
Raphael John Musto , usually known as Ray Musto ( March 30 , 1929 - April 24 , 2014 ) had been a Democratic politician , and former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Daniel Drew ( July 29 , 1797 -- September 18 , 1879 ) was an American businessman , steamship and railroad developer , and financier .
Josip Seissel ( 1904 - -1987 ) was a Croatian architect and urban planner , who under the pseudonym of Jo Klek was a constructivist artist , graphical designer and theatrical designer .
Amalia Amaki ( born Lynda Faye Peek , July 8 , 1959 ) is an African - American artist , art historian , educator , film critic and curator who currently resides in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , where she has been a Professor of Modern and Contemporary Art at the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa since 2007 .
John Lever MBE ( born John Kenneth Lever , 24 February 1949 ) is an English former cricketer , who played in 21 Tests and 22 ODIs for England from 1976 to 1986 .
Salvador Roselli is a film director and screenplay writer .
Robert Wayne Thomason ( 5 Nov 1952 Tulsa , Oklahoma , USA -- Nov 1995 Paris , France ) was an American mathematician who worked on algebraic K - theory .
W. Scott Corbett ( July 27 , 1913 -- March 6 , 2006 ) was an American novelist and educator .
Stanley Cornwell Lewis MBE ( December 18 , 1905 -- September 9 , 2009 ) was a British portrait painter and illustrator .
Richard C. Kahn ( January 26 , 1897 in New Orleans , Louisiana - January 28 , 1960 in Hollywood , California ) was an American film director and screenwriter , known for his B movies of the 1930s and early 1940s .
Archigenes ( ' Αρχιγένης ) , an eminent ancient Greek physician , who lived in the 1st and 2nd centuries .
Florentino Ameghino ( September 18 , 1854 -- August 6 , 1911 ) was an Argentine naturalist , paleontologist , anthropologist and zoologist , whose fossil discoveries on the Argentine Pampas , especially on Patagonia , rank with those made in the western United States during the late 19th century .
Agnes von Kurowsky Stanfield ( January 5 , 1892 -- September 25 , 1984 ) was an American nurse who inspired the character `` Catherine Barkley '' in Ernest Hemingway 's A Farewell to Arms .
Luis Kutner ( June 9 , 1908 -- March 1 , 1993 ) , was a US human rights activist and lawyer who co - founded Amnesty International with Peter Benenson in 1961 , and created the concept of a living will .
Tommy Ton is a Canadian photographer known for his fashion blog Jak & Jil , and his street style coverage of fashion weeks on Style.com and GQ.com .
Tang Hao is widely considered to be the first serious historian of the Chinese martial arts , and his works continue to be cited by contemporary scholars today .
Saskia Sassen ( born January 5 , 1947 ) is a Dutch - American sociologist noted for her analyses of globalization and international human migration .
J. Hemachandran ( born November 10 , 1932 , Mathur , d. February 8 , 2008 , Thiruvananthapuram ) was an Indian politician and trade unionist .
Ulysses Cuadra Jr. ( born February 24 , 1987 ) is an American actor and voice actor involved in cinema , television , and animation .
Lola Margaret 's acting career started after she met Bolaji Amusan , a Nigerian comic actor who introduced her to acting .
Blessy is an Indian film director and screenwriter who has made several critically acclaimed Malayalam films .
Nike Davies - Okundaye aka `` ' Nike Davies ' '' aka `` ' Nike Twin Seven Seven ' '' aka `` ' Nike Olaniyi ' '' aka `` ' Mummy Nike ' '' is a Nigerian batik and textile designer .
Hugo Kaulen , Sr . ( October 28 , 1869 - July 9 , 1954 ) was a pioneering German balloonist .
Kul Bahadur Gurung ( Nepali : कुल बहादुर गुरुङ ) is a Nepalese politician and leader of the Nepali Congress party .
Desha Delteil ( March 18 , 1899 -- July 17 , 1980 ) was an American dancer and artists ' model .
Paul J. Morrison ( born June 1 , 1954 ) is an American lawyer and former Attorney General of Kansas .
Richard T. Moore ( born July 7 , 1943 ) is a Democratic politician from Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts State Senate .
Leo Whelan , RHA ( January 10 , 1892 -- November 6 , 1956 ) was an Irish painter .
Edwin O. Guthman ( August 11 , 1919 -- August 31 , 2008 ) was an American journalist and university professor .
Filomena Linčiūtė - Vaitiekūnienė ( born April 17 , 1942 Mazeikiai ) is a Lithuanian Set designer , and painter .
Jimmy Charles , is an American singer with a distinctive `` crying style '' .
William Almer ( fl . 1572 ) of Pant Iocyn , Denbighshire , was a Welsh politician .
Mr. DJ , born David Sheats , is a Grammy Award - winning American hip - hop record producer and DJ from Atlanta , Georgia .
Karl Paryla ( 1905 - -1996 ) was an Austrian theater actor and director , and later a film maker as well .
Katharine Weber ( born November 12 , 1955 ) is an American novelist and nonfiction writer .
David Beauchamp ( born 1936 ) is a New Zealand born , Australian civil engineer who has contributed extensively to engineering heritage and research .
Stray Ghost is the artist name of the English composer and sound artist , Anthony Saggers .
Keefe Brasselle ( February 7 , 1923 -- July 7 , 1981 ) was an American film actor , television actor / producer and author .
Yurii V. Kostenko ( Ukrainian : Костенко Юрій Васильович ) ( born 1945 ) is a Ukrainian diplomat .
Emilio Pettoruti ( 1892 - -1971 ) was an Argentine painter , who caused a scandal with his avant - garde cubist exhibition in 1924 in Buenos Aires .
Maudie Bitar ( Arabic:مودي بيطار ) is a Lebanese journalist and critic .
Nehemiah Ford was a Canadian politician and painter .
Elspeth Douglas McClelland ( 1879 - -1920 ) was an English suffragette and architect .
Horatio Seymour Jr. ( January 8 , 1844 -- February 21 , 1907 ) was an American civil engineer , surveyor and politician from New York .
Giovanni Battista Hodierna , also spelt at Odierna ( April 13 , 1597 -- April 6 , 1660 ) was an Italian astronomer at the court of the Duke of Montechiaro .
José Eliseo Payán Hurtado ( August 1 , 1825 -- June 30 , 1895 ) was a Colombian lawyer , politician , and military officer .
Robert G. Sachs ( May 4 , 1916 -- April 14 , 1999 ) was an American theoretical physicist , a founder and a director of the Argonne National Laboratory .
Hsu Tain - tsair ( traditional Chinese : 許添財 ; simplified Chinese : 许添财 ; pinyin : Xǔ Tiāncái ; Wade -- Giles : Hsǔ Tiēn - tsái ) , a Taiwanese politician who served as the mayor of Tainan City from 2001 to 2010 .
Pedro Luís Neves is a Portuguese modern composer of classical music and author of several other genres .
Kathryn Paige Northcutt ( born February 15 , 1968 ) , née Kathryn Paige Zemina , is an American former competition swimmer who was an Olympic bronze medalist .
Donald Collier ( May 1 , 1911 -- January 23 , 1995 ) was an archaeologist , ethnologist , and museologist .
Pablo de la Torriente Brau ( San Juan de Puerto Rico , December 12 , 1901 - Majadahonda , near Madrid , Spain , December 19 , 1936 ) Cuban writer .
Li Liuyi ( Chinese : 李六乙 ) is a Chinese director and playwright of Beijing People 's Art Theatre .
Leszek Drogosz ( January 6 , 1933 -- September 7 , 2012 ) was a Polish boxer and actor .
Martin Deschamps ( born June 23 , 1970 ) is a Canadian rock singer from Quebec .
Mark Dodson ( born September 10 , 1953 ) is a British record producer and sound engineer , who mostly works with artists in the heavy metal genre .
Roger L. Dell ( July 19 , 1897 -- March 8 , 1966 ) was an American businessman , lawyer , and jurist .
Dieterich Spahn ( born 1938 ) , is a German - born American artist working in the fields of stained glass and painting .
Terry Gould is a Canadian author and investigative journalist .
Ernesto Franceschi ( March 26 , 1912 -- February 21 , 1943 ) is an Italian bobsledder who competed in the mid-1930s .
Jiří Čunek ( born February 22 , 1959 ) is a Czech politician who was chairman of the Christian and Democratic Union - Czechoslovak People 's Party from December 2006 to May 2009 .
Zoila Aurora Cáceres Moreno ( 1877 - -1958 ) was a writer associated with the literary movement known as modernismo .
Richard Lewine ( July 28 , 1910 -- May 19 , 2005 ) was an American composer and songwriter on Broadway as well as television producer .
Laurence Rosenthal ( born November 4 , 1926 ) is an American composer , arranger , and conductor for theater , television , and film .
Srdan Golubović ( Serbian : Срдан Голубовић ; born August 24 , 1972 ) is a Serbian film director .
Ted Manson ( October 23 , 1926 -- June 1 , 2008 ) was an American film actor with a career that spanned over 30 years .
Olga Guillot ( October 9 , 1922 -- July 12 , 2010 ) was a Cuban singer who was known as the ' queen of bolero ' .
Frederic W. Gleach is an American anthropologist who specializes in Native American peoples of Virginia .
Marino Sinibaldi ( Italian : Marino Sinibaldi ) is an Italian journalist and literary critic .
George Calvert , 1st Baron Baltimore ( 1579 -- 15 April 1631 ) was an English politician and colonizer .
Robert J. Garagiola ( born September 5 , 1972 ) is an American lawyer and former politician from the state of Maryland .
Elizabeth Fulhame ( fl . 1794 ) was a Scottish chemist who invented the concept of catalysis and discovered photoreduction .
Maureen Brosnahan is a Canadian journalist , best known as a former host of The World at Six on CBC Radio One .
Ludwig Busbetzky was an Estonian organist and composer during the 17th century .
Luz Ercilia Fabery Zenón ( January 25 , 1931 -- May 13 , 2015 ) , known as Lucy Fabery , was a Puerto Rican jazz singer .
Prachya Pinkaew ( Thai : ปรัชญา ปิ่นแก้ว ; rtgs : Pratya Pinkaeo ; born September 2 , 1962 ) is a Thai film director , film producer and screenwriter .
Michał Józef Römer ( also spelled Romer or Roemer ; September 2 , 1778 -- January 14 , 1853 ) was a politician , writer , Freemason , and notable member of the Polish--
Attila Juhász ( Serbian : Атила Јухас , Atila Juhas ) ( born July 15 , 1967 in Senta , SAP Vojvodina , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia .
The Mr. Move ( birth name Reggie Cunnigham ) is a rapper and actor born in Atlanta , Georgia , currently based in New York City .
Floyd Skloot ( born 1947 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American poet , novelist , and memoirist who has often written about the search for meaning through personal loss and the struggle for coherence in a fragmented world .
Dunham Jackson ( July 24 , 1888 in Bridgewater , Massachusetts -- November 6 , 1946 ) was a mathematician who worked within approximation theory , notably with trigonometrical and orthogonal polynomials .
Wang Jin - pyng ( Chinese : 王金平 ; pinyin : Wáng Jīnpíng ; born March 17 , 1941 ) , is a Taiwanese politician .
Ethan Casey is an American print and online journalist who has written or edited five books .
JF Robitaille is a Canadian singer - songwriter born and raised in Montreal , Quebec .
Fernando Altamirano ( Fernando Altamirano - Carbajal ) ( July 7 , 1848 -- October 7 , 1908 ) was a Mexican physician , botanist and naturalist .
Bill Gaskins ( born 1953 ) is an American photographer and academic .
Manik Irani ( also known as Billa ) is an Indian film actor , best known for playing villain roles in Bollywood films of the late 1980s and 1990s .
Cullen Landis ( July 9 , 1896 -- August 26 , 1975 ) was an American motion picture actor and director whose career began in the early years of the silent film era .
Klaus Dodds is a geopolitician and focuses his work on , amongst others , the representation of space in visual media like internet , movies and pictures .
Lisa Marx is an American professional guitarist , classically trained pianist , and graphic designer from California .
Anjelica Huston ( /ˈhjuːstən/ ; born July 8 , 1951 ) is an American actress , director and former fashion model .
Sue Galkantas was a women 's basketball player at Florida State .
Giovanni Battista Calvi ( also known as Giovan Battista Calvi , Gianbattista Calvi and/or Juan Bautista Calvi ) was an Italian military engineer at the service of the Spanish Monarchy during the 16th century .
James Kirke Paulding ( August 22 , 1778 -- April 6 , 1860 ) was an American writer and , for a time , the United States Secretary of the Navy .
Mary Margaret McKeown , usually styled as M. Margaret McKeown ( born May 11 , 1951 ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , and is based in San Diego , California .
Alton Edwards is a Zimbabwean singer , who had a UK Top 20 hit with `` I Just Wanna ( Spend Some Time With You ) '' during January 1982 .
Gong Zhen ( simplified Chinese : 巩珍 ; traditional Chinese : 鞏珍 ) was a fifteenth - century translator and writer famous for his association with the Chinese admiral Zheng He .
Barbara Balzerani ( born 16 January 1949 ) is an Italian writer and former terrorist .
Ali Dehbashi ( علی دهباشی ) is an Iranian journalist , Iranologist , researcher and writer .
Joseph Galaskiewicz ( born Feb. 24 , 1949 ) is an American sociologist and Professor of Sociology at the University of Arizona , known for his work on interorganizational relations and social network analysis .
Petar Bucan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Бућан ) is a Serbian rugby union player who currently plays for Belgrade Rugby Club Red Star .
Gary K. Michelson ( born January 14 , 1949 ) is an American board certified orthopedic spinal surgeon , inventor , and philanthropist .
Christine Jean ( born 1956 or 1557 ) is a French biologist and environmental activist .
Mary Jane Irwin was married in July 1966 has one son , John , who is also a computer scientist , and daughter - in - law , Alla , and have two grandchildren , Kai and Milo .
Linda Peeno is an American physician , ethicist , and lecturer known for being a whistleblower against the American managed healthcare industry .
Harold Huber ( December 5 , 1909 -- September 29 , 1959 ) was an American actor who appeared on film , radio and television .
Daryl Runswick ( born 12 October 1946 ) is a classically trained English composer , arranger , musician , producer and educationalist .
Theodore Saloutos ( August 3 , 1910 -- November 15 , 1980 ) was an American academic historian whose main areas of research included : agrarian politics and reform movements immigration studies Greek immigration into the United States
David Fatum ( born August 4 , 1968 in Prince Rupert , British Columbia ) is a Canadian - American darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation .
John Macready ( born April 29 , 1975 ) is an American gymnast and motivational speaker .
László Fogarasi Jr. ( born September 14 , 1980 ) , known by his stage name Yonderboi , is a Hungarian composer , music producer and visual artist .
Raoul Trujillo is an American actor , dancer , and choreographer .
Josef Sommer ( born June 26 , 1934 ) is a German - American stage and film actor .
Taylor Michael Rotunda ( born May 25 , 1990 ) is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE where he performs under the ring name Bo Dallas .
Lenny Pappano ( born February 14 , 1964 ) is a fantasy sports writer from upstate NY and co - founder of DraftSharks.com , a fantasy football content site based in Rochester , NY .
Anna Graceman is a young American singer - songwriter and pianist whose self - penned songs and music have gained attention at home and abroad .
Harlan Warde ( born Harlan Ward Lufkin ; November 6 , 1917 -- March 13 , 1980 ) was a character actor active in television and movies .
Sydney J. Harris ( September 14 , 1917 -- December 7 , 1986 ) was an American journalist for the Chicago Daily News and , later , the Chicago Sun - Times .
Petar Aleksić , ( born Nov 2 , 1968 ) is a Bosnian professional basketball coach and former player .
Peter de Jersey is a British television and theatre actor .
Elias Silvério ( born September 22 , 1986 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist , currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) .
Harry Innes ( January 4 , 1752 -- September 20 , 1816 ) was the first United States federal judge in Kentucky .
Hannele Koskinen , also Antikainen , is a Finnish former competitive figure skater .
David Griman ( born March 10 , 1967 in Los Teques ) is a former Venezuelan professional boxer .
Karnit Flug ( Hebrew : קרנית פלוג ; born January 9 , 1955 ) is a Polish - born Israeli economist .
René Jarry - Desloges ( February 1 , 1868 -- June 1 , 1951 ) was a French amateur astronomer who worked at his own observatory .
Giacomo Barucco ( Rovato , 1582 - circa 1630 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Mannerist style .
Joanna Eden is an English jazz singer , songwriter and pianist .
Hasna Xhukiçi ( born April 13 , 1988 , Fier ) is an Albanian fashion model and beauty queen .
Alison `` Ali '' Shaw ( née Douglas ) , better known as `` Ali Shaw '' is a Scottish television presenter , who has appeared on ITV News , Sky Sports and MUTV .
Donald A. Gillies is a British philosopher and historian of science and mathematics .
Marco Tempest ( born December 3 , 1964 ) is a Swiss magician based in New York City .
Suzie Kitson ( born Suzanne Jane Kitson , 1 May 1969 , Cambridge , England ) , is a former woman test cricketer who played for England between 1988 and 1993 .
Marvin Bower ( August 1 , 1903 -- January 22 , 2003 ) was an American business theorist and management consultant .
Douglas Brymner ( July 3 , 1823 -- June 19 , 1902 ) was a Canadian politician , journalist , civil servant and archivist .
Guthrie McClintic ( August 6 , 1893 - October 29 , 1961 ) was a successful theatre director , film director and producer based in New York .
Philippe De Lacy a.k.a . Philippe deLacy ( July 25 , 1917 -- July 29 , 1995 ) was a former silent film era child actor .
Jefferson Lake Coburn was an American architect in Maine practicing in the firm Jefferson Coburn & Sons .
Wesley A. Ward ( born March 3 , 1968 in Selah , Washington ) is a retired American Champion jockey and a current trainer in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Daniela Kix ( born 4 May 1983 , in Stockerau ) is an Austrian tennis player .
Jung Yu - ri ( Hangul : 정유리 ; born December 6 , 1984 ) , or Yu - ri , is a South Korean singer .
Lukas Beck is an Austrian photographer who specialises in music and theatre .
Yan Cabral ( born May 13 , 1983 ) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist who competes in the lightweight division .
Fred Duprez ( September 6 , 1884 -- October 27 , 1938 ) was an American film actor and comedian , who appeared mainly in British films .
Victor Payumo Silayan ( January 31 , 1929 -- August 30 , 1987 ) , commonly known as Vic Silayan , was a Filipino actor who is best known for his roles in Kisapmata ( 1981 ) and Karnal ( 1983 ) .
Joseph Darlinton ( July 19 , 1765 -- August 2 , 1851 ) was an American politician in the U.S. state of Ohio and in the Northwest Territory prior to Ohio statehood .
Gordon Gibson Sr . ( November 28 , 1904 -- July 17 , 1986 ) was a prominent business leader and politician in British Columbia .
After serving as minister of a Baptist church in his home town for two years , Roberson organized Carroll Roberson Ministries with a board of directors and went into full - time evangelism with his office stationed in his hometown of Ripley .
Misty Lee ( born in Mount Clemens , Michigan ) is an American voice actress , comedian , and professional magician .
Jean - Charles Prince ( February 13 , 1804 -- May 5 , 1860 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , teacher , seminary administrator , editor , and Bishop of Saint - Hyacinthe , Canada from 1852 to 1860 .
Siegbert Hummel ( July 18 , 1908 in Rodewisch , Vogtland -- March 28 , 2001 in Lengenfeld ) was a Tibetologist and cultural historian .
Gregory M. Auer ( December 22 , 1937-June 12 , 1993 ) was an American art director , screenwriter and cameraman .
Sir John Gilmour of Craigmillar ( 1605 -- 14 August 1671 ) was a Scottish judge , who served as Lord President of the Court of Session from 1661 to 1670 .
Keith Wyatt is a Los Angeles - based guitarist , educator performer , teacher , writer , and developer of music curriculum and educational media .
Jerry Jameson ( born November 26 , 1934 ) , is an American film director and producer .
Ehsan - ul - Haq Piracha ( Urdu : احسان الحق پراچہ‎ ) is a politician from the town of Bhalwal in Sargodha District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Rod Picott ( born November 3 , 1964 ) is a singer - songwriter whose music incorporates elements of Americana , alt - country , and folk .
Sonia Destri Lie , often known simply as Sonia Destri , is a Brazilian dancer and choreographer .
Hal Blaine ( born Harold Simon Belsky ; February 5 , 1929 ) is an American drummer and session musician .
Lev Ivanovich Oshanin ( Russian : Лев Ива́нович Оша́нин ; 1912 - 1996 ) is a poet , author of over 70 books of poetry , novels and poetry plays winner of the Stalin Prize of the first degree ( 1950 ) and winner of the World Festival of Youth and Students .
Larry Mavety ( born May 29 , 1942 ) is a former professional ice hockey player , and former coach and executive in the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) , with both the Belleville Bulls and the Kingston Frontenacs .
Kumaradeva was an Indian sculptor from the 8th century .
Dick Damron ( born Joseph Glenn Damron , March 22 , 1934 in Bentley , Alberta ) is a Canadian country music singer , songwriter .
Dalal Bruchmann is an Austrian musician and film and television actress .
Demetrius Hopkins ( born October 10 , 1980 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , U.S. ) is an American boxer who fought in the light welterweight division .
Jean Banchet ( March 7 , 1941 - -November 24 , 2013 ) was a French - American chef who popularized French cuisine through his Wheeling , Illinois restaurant , Le Francais .
Lucas Hedges ( born c. 1996/1997 ) is an American actor , and the son of Peter Hedges .
Joseph Howe , PC ( December 13 , 1804 -- June 1 , 1873 ) was a Nova Scotian journalist , politician , and public servant .
Doris Fleeson ( May 20 , 1901 -- August 1 , 1970 ) was an American journalist and columnist and was the first woman in the United States to have a nationally syndicated political column .
Angel Locsin ( born Angelica Locsin Colmenares ; April 23 , 1985 ) is a Filipina television and film actress , commercial model , film producer and fashion designer .
Aashiq Abu ( born April 12 , 1978 ) is an Indian film director and producer best known for his work in Malayalam cinema .
Alfred Richard Outtrim ( 1845 - -1925 ) was a long serving Victorian politician who gained a reputation as a competent government minister a promoter of women 's suffrage and regional development .
William Boone Daniels ( September 12 , 1915 -- October 7 , 1988 ) , better known as Billy Daniels , was an African American singer active in the United States and Europe from the mid-1930s to 1988 , notable for his hit recording of `` That Old Black Magic '' and his pioneering performances on early 1950s television .
René Verdon ( June 29 , 1924 Pouzauges , France-- February 2 , 2011 San Francisco , California , USA ) was a French - born American chef .
Jack Tracy ( July 27 , 1926 , Minneapolis , Minnesota -- December 21 , 2010 , Nooksack , Washington ) was an American jazz producer and journalist .
Bambang Widjojanto ( born 18 October 1959 ) is an Indonesian human rights activist .
David V. Picker is a motion picture executive and producer , working in the film industry for more than forty years .
Maria Tselaridou ( Greek : Μαρία Τσελαρίδου ; born March 26 , 1981 in Almaty , Kazakh SSR ) is a Greek judoka , who competed in the women 's half - lightweight category .
Retesh Bhalla ( born April 7 , 1982 ) is an Indian - American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , Sonjay Dutt .
Gerard Francis Tempest ( February 23 , 1918 -- July 26 , 2009 ) was a painter , sculptor , architect and veteran of World War II . Tempest was the father of Abstract Spiritualism and the protégé of Giorgio de Chirico , the forerunner of Surrealism .
Daniel Weissbort ( April 30 , 1935 - November 18 , 2013 ) was a poet , translator , multilingual academic and ( together with Ted Hughes ) Modern Poetry in Translation founder & editor .
Hugh Prosser ( November 6 , 1900 -- November 8 , 1952 ) was a Hollywood actor who appeared in over 90 films between 1936 and 1953 .
John Vanderlyn ( October 18 , 1775 -- September 23 , 1852 ) was an American neoclassicist painter .
Leslie Rands ( January 7 , 1900 -- December 6 , 1972 ) was an English opera singer and actor , best known for his performances in baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Roy Doty ( September 10 , 1922 -- March 18 , 2015 ) was an American cartoonist , artist and illustrator .
Tollak Ollestad is an American harmonica player , singer , keyboardist and songwriter .
Michel - Jean Cazabon ( September 20 , 1813 -- November 20 , 1888 ) is regarded as the first great Trinidadian painter and is Trinidad 's first internationally known artist .
Carlos Latuff ( born November 30 , 1968 ) is a Brazilian freelance political cartoonist .
Stewart Woodman ( born 1969 in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , USA ) is an American chef .
Paul M. Cobb ( born 1967 ) is a historian of the medieval Islamic world .
Matthias Stom or Matthias Stomer ( c. 1600 -- after 1652 ) was a Dutch golden age painter considered one of the masters of Utrecht Caravaggism .
Chen I - hsing ( Chinese : 陳益興 ; pinyin : Chén Yìxīng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Bob Flanagan ( December 26 , 1952 -- January 4 , 1996 ) was an American performance artist , comic , writer , poet , and musician .
Louisa John - Krol is a Melbourne - based Australian artist of the romantic folk / pop genre - described as ' romantic pop - ethereal faerie ' music by the artist herself and others .
J. Hillis Miller , Sr . ( August 29 , 1899 -- November 14 , 1953 ) was an American university professor , education administrator and university president .
David Wallis , born January 18 , 1967 , is an American journalist and an advocate for writers .
Dr. Mahendra Singh Pal is an Indian politician .
Viacheslav Volosov ( Ukrainian : Вячеслав Волосов ; born November 28 , 1976 in Donetsk ) is a Ukrainian bodybuilder , and personal trainer .
Sergio Galindo ( September 2 , 1926 -- January 3 , 1993 ) was a Mexican novelist and short - story writer .
Jack Dangers ( born John Stephen Corrigan ) is an electronic musician , DJ , producer , and remixer best known for his work as the primary member of Meat Beat Manifesto .
Adam Itzel , Jr. ( c. 1873 -- September 5 , 1893 ) was a 19th - century American conductor and composer .
Eduard Weyr ( June 22 , 1852 -- July 23 , 1903 ) was a Czech mathematician now chiefly remembered as the discoverer of a certain canonical form for square matrices over algebraically closed fields .
Prentiss Barnes ( April 12 , 1925 -- October 1 , 2006 ) was an American rhythm and blues singer in the 1950s .
Benny Sudakov ( born c. 1970 ) is an Israeli mathematician , who works mainly on Hungarian - style combinatorics .
Layla Al - Attar ( Arabic : ليلى العطار‎ , born in Baghdad , Iraq ) was an Iraqi artist and painter who graduated from the Academy of fine Arts in Baghdad in 1965 .
William Duncan Herridge , PC , KC , MC , DSO ( September 18 , 1887 -- September 21 , 1961 ) was a Canadian politician and diplomat .
Romaric Kondzy ( frère de styvel Faudey - massembo ) ( born December 12 , 1980 ) is a Congolese basketball player who is a member of the Congo national basketball team .
Edwin Black is an American syndicated columnist and investigative journalist .
Mario Orozco Rivera ( January 19 , 1930 -- November 20 , 1998 ) was a Mexican muralist and painter , a later proponent of Mexican muralism , and whose work was particularly influenced by David Alfaro Siqueiros .
Thor Freudenthal ( born October 20 , 1972 ) is a German film director , animator and special effects artist .
Thomas A. Loftus ( April 24 , 1945- ) is a United States diplomat and Wisconsin politician .
Errol Taggart ( July 15 , 1895 -- August 30 , 1940 ) was a Canadian film director and film editor who worked in Hollywood during the 1920s and 1930s .
Karl Caspar ( March 13 , 1879 -- September 21 , 1956 ) was a German painter who lived and worked mainly in Munich .
Gaston Hardy ( April 22 , 1917 -- July 15 , 1977 ) was a municipal and provincial politician in Shawinigan Falls , Quebec .
Utsa Patnaik is an Indian Marxist economist .
Eleanora Fagan ( April 7 , 1915 -- July 17 , 1959 ) , professionally known as Billie Holiday , was an American jazz musician and singer - songwriter with a career spanning nearly thirty years .
Hank Gilpin is an American furniture maker and wood sculptor .
Chen Fu - hai ( Chinese : 陳福海 ; pinyin : Chén Fúhǎi ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Kwame Raoul ( born September 30 , 1964 ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate , representing the 13th district since his appointment to fill the seat vacated by Barack Obama in 2004 .
Greetje Kraan ( sometimes misspelled as Geertje ) is a former Dutch swimmer .
Ryan Potter ( born September 12 , 1995 ) is an American actor , voice actor and martial artist .
Joe Dubuque ( born May 17 , 1982 ) is an American amateur wrestler commonly referred to as `` The Champ '' .
Austin Blair ( February 8 , 1818 -- August 6 , 1894 ) , also known as the Civil War Governor , was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Chad Ackerman ( born November 30 , 1983 ) is a rock singer , songwriter , musician , writer , director , actor , producer , and a vegan .
Bryant Jennings ( born September 25 , 1984 ) is an American professional boxer and world heavyweight title challenger .
Frank Austen Gooch ( 1852 -- 1929 ) was a chemist and engineer .
Wayne Caparas ( born February 8 , 1963 ) is an American writer , award - winning entrepreneur , and actor .
Charles Sieger was an Italian - American boxer who fought in the early 1900s .
Terry O'Sullivan ( July 7 , 1915 -- September 14 , 2006 ) was an American actor , best known for his role on the soap opera Search for Tomorrow as `` Arthur Tate '' ( 1952 - -1955 , 1956 - -1966 ) .
El Guincho is the recording alias of Spanish musician Pablo Díaz - Reixa .
Stephanie Cadieux ( born 1972 or 1973 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election , representing the riding of Surrey - Panorama .
Luigi Cozzi ( born September 7 , 1947 ) is an Italian movie director and screenwriter who directed mainly science fiction and horror films in the mid-1970s and throughout the 1980s .
Aṣa ( pronounced `` Asha '' ; born 17 September 1982 ) is a Nigerian French singer , songwriter , and recording artist .
Michael DeLorenzo ( born October 31 , 1959 ) is an American actor , director and musician .
Bernard Erhard ( February 6 , 1934 -- November 1 , 2000 ) was an American voice actor .
Angelo Cannavacciuolo ( born 1956 ) is an Italian writer and director .
Alexander Collera Castro ( born September 27 , 1985 ) , better known as Alex Castro , is a Filipino singer , actor and performer signed to GMA Network , yet later transferred to its rival network ABS - CBN .
Sarah Nettleton ( born October 1 , 1950 ) is an American architect , landscape designer , and author .
Jimmy Harnen is an American adult contemporary singer , songwriter and drummer .
Frederick Segrest ( born December 21 , 1926 ) , known professionally as Freddie Hart , is an American country musician and songwriter best known for his No . 1 hit `` Easy Loving , '' which won the Country Music Association Song of the Year award in 1971 and 1972 .
Pietro Paolo Agabito or Agabiti ( c1470-c1540 ) was an Italian painter , sculptor , and architect from the Marche region .
William Hammond Wright ( November 4 , 1871 -- May 16 , 1959 ) was an American astronomer and the director of the Lick Observatory from 1935 until 1942 .
Becky Priest is an American country music singer - songwriter and instrumentalist hailing from Hubbard , Texas now based in Nashville , Tennessee .
( in German , translated : Israel Alter- the singer of the Synagogue of Hanover / European Centre for Jewish Music remembers the legendary cantor at the commemoration occasion 75 years after Kristallnacht ) , in :
Jacob Artist ( born October 17 , 1992 ) is an American actor , singer and dancer .
Francis Sayles ( November 22 , 1891 -- March 19 , 1944 ) was an American character actor at the beginning of the sound film era .
Marko Kivenmäki is a Finnish ice hockey player who played professionally in SM - liiga for Ässät , Lukko and TPS .
Charles W. Socarides ( January 24 , 1922 -- December 25 , 2005 ) was an American psychiatrist , psychoanalyst , physician , educator and author .
Temir Sariyev ( Kyrgyz : Темир Сариев , ( temir sɑˈrijev ) ) ( born 1963 ) is a Kyrgyz politician who has been Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan since 2015 .
Anthony White ( born April 23 , 1954 ) better known by his ring name Tony Atlas is an American bodybuilder , powerlifter , and professional wrestler who has held multiple titles and championships in each sport .
Brenda Holloway ( born June 26 , 1946 ) is an American singer and songwriter , who was a recording artist for Motown Records during the 1960s .
Tina Shafer is a singer - songwriter and vocal coach who has penned songs for such artists as Celine Dion , Sheena Easton , Phoebe Snow , Billy Porter , and Anna Vissi .
Bernard Allison ( born November 26 , 1965 ) is an American blues guitarist , based out of Paris , France .
Anjula Mutanda born of mixed Indian / Ugandan heritage ; and mixed religious heritage ; is a British broadcaster , social scientist , counselling and relationship psychologist , life coach and therapist .
Said Hammami ( Arabic : سعيد حمّامي‎ ) was a Palestinian politician , diplomat and journalist .
Jean - Paul Comart ( born 27 September 1953 ) is a Belgian actor best known for his appearances in French film in the 1980s .
Jean - Maurice Simard ( June 21 , 1931 -- June 16 , 2001 ) was a Canadian Chartered Accountant and politician remembered as a strong promoter of French language rights and defender of Canadian bilingualism .
Nicolay Nicolaysen Sontum ( 1852 - -1915 ) was a Norwegian engineer , businessperson and contractor .
Thomas Olde Heuvelt ; ( 1983 ) is a Dutch writer whose short stories have received awards and been nominated for such awards as the Paul Harland Prize , the Science Fiction & Fantasy Translation Awards and the Hugo Award for Best Novelette .
Shad Qadri ( born c. 1952 in Pakistan ) is a politician and businessman in Ottawa , Ontario .
Dietrich von Bausznern ( March 19 , 1928 -- January 20 , 1980 ) was a German composer , cantor , organist and music teacher .
Harry Kozol ( August 2 , 1906 -- August 27 , 2008 ) was an American neurologist who helped establish the new fields of forensic psychiatry and neuropsychiatry and also had public cases with Eugene O'Neill , the Boston Strangler , and Patty Hearst .
Justin Depretis ( born July 25 , 1982 ) is a retired American professional ice hockey player who played for the organization of the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Timothy Zahn ( born September 1 , 1951 ) is an American writer of science fiction and fantasy .
Simhalan Madhava Panicker was a well known South Asian martial artist and actor of film and theater .
Kir Stefan the Serb ( second half of the 14th and 15th century ) was a Serbian monk , protopsaltos , musicologist , choirmaster and more importantly , composer of the chants developed within the sphere of the activities of Byzantine culture in the Serbian state .
Wiesław Wałkuski is a graphic designer born in Poland .
Giorgos Ch . Theocharis ( Greek : Γιώργος Χ. Θεοχάρης ) is a Greek novelist , poet and writer .
Homayoun Ershadi ( sometimes spelled Homayon Ershadi , Persian : همایون ارشادی ‎‎ , born 1947 ) is an Iranian actor .
Alan Rankine ( born 17 May 1958 ) is a Scottish musician and record producer best known as keyboardist / guitarist for the rock band Associates , which he co - founded with Billy Mackenzie in the late 1970s .
William Crary Brownell ( 1851 - -1928 ) was an American journalist and literary critic influenced by Matthew Arnold .
Claus Møinichen or Claus á Møinichen ( c. 1660 , Copenhagen -- probably after 1726 ) was a Danish painter .
Philip de Jersey is a Guernsey archaeologist and numismatist .
Arthur Woodcock was a first class cricketer who played in 121 first - class matches for Leicestershire CCC from 1894 to 1908 and appeared for London County in 1900 .
Malia Hosaka ( born October 7 , 1969 ) , is an American professional wrestler .
Kayvan Novak ( Persian : کیوان نوک‎‎ ; born 23 November 1978 ) is a British - Iranian actor , voice artist , and comedian .
Taisha Abelar , born Maryann Simko , is an American writer and anthropologist who was an associate of Carlos Castaneda .
Miriam Mahdaviani is a choreographer , a former New York City Ballet dancer and a repetiteur for the George Balanchine Trust .
Herbert Kelsey Jones ( June 17 , 1922 -- October 10 , 2004 ) was a Canadian composer , pianist , harpsichordist , teacher , and founder of the Saint John Symphony Orchestra , now known as Symphony New Brunswick , which he conducted from 1950 to 1953 .
Peter H. Salus is a linguist , computer scientist , historian of technology , author in many fields , and an editor of books and journals .
Eduardo Suger Cofiño ( November 29 , 1938 ) is a Guatemalan physicist , scholar , and politician .
Marcus Blake is an American , Los Angeles based , musician and songwriter .
Shaukat Hussain Samrat ( Urdu : شوکت حسین سمراٹ‎ ) best known by his screen name Pappu Samrat ( Urdu : پپو سمراٹ‎ ) is an award winning Pakistani veteran choreographer .
Dita Von Teese ( born Heather Renée Sweet ; September 28 , 1972 ) is an American burlesque dancer , model , costume designer , entrepreneur and occasional actress .
Joel Beckett ( born Joel Bygraves ) is an English actor , known for playing Jake Moon in the BBC soap opera EastEnders from December 2004 to October 2006 and as Lee in the British comedy series The Office .
Ferdinand Eidman ( December 1 , 1842 Worms , then in the Grand Duchy of Hesse , now in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany -- May 5 , 1910 Manhattan , New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Stevan Aleksić ( Cyrillic : Стеван Алексић ) ( December 23 , 1876 -- November 2 , 1923 ) was a Serbian painter born in Austria - Hungary .
Melanie Bromley ( born September 30 , 1974 ) is an American - based British - born journalist and broadcaster , currently the chief correspondent for E !
Earle Raymond Hedrick ( September 27 , 1876 -- February 3 , 1943 ) , was an American mathematician and a vice - president of the University of California .
Ismail Yassine ( also credited as Ismail Yasseen ; Arabic : إسماعيل ياسين‎ IPA : ( esmæˈʕiːl jæˈsiːn ) ) ( September 15 , 1912 − May 24 , 1972 ) was an Egyptian comedian / actor .
Esmond Unwin Butler , OC , CVO ( July 13 , 1922 -- December 18 , 1989 ) was a Canadian diplomat .
The `` eponymous '' historian Alessio Robles 's book collection is an important collection of 14,000 volumes ( 17th to 19th century ) in the museum named `` Centro Cultural Vito Alessio Robles '' in Saltillo .
Holly Black née Riggenbach ( born November 10 , 1971 ) is an American writer and editor best known for The Spiderwick Chronicles , a series of children 's fantasy books she created with writer and illustrator Tony DiTerlizzi , and a trilogy of Young Adult novels officially called the Modern Faerie Tales trilogy .
Prashant Dayal is an Indian journalist , who broke the story of Sohrabuddin encounter case in November 2006 .
Tom Reiss ( born May 5 , 1964 ) is an American author , historian , and journalist .
Minerva Hernández Ramos ( born September 15 , 1969 in Tlaxcala ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress .
Godfrey Stillman Rockefeller ( May 1 , 1899 -- February 23 , 1983 ) was an American financier .
Burnham Martin ( August 10 , 1811 -- November 17 , 1882 ) was a Vermont lawyer , farmer and politician who served as Lieutenant Governor for two years .
Paul Sabapathy CBE is a retired British accountant and business manager , of Indian origin , and was Lord Lieutenant of the West Midlands of England , from 2007 until his resignation in September 2015 .
Carlo Ascenzi ( Rome , 17th century ) was an Italian painter , active in a Baroque style .
Mark Rutland ( born November 5 , 1947 ) is a missionary , evangelist , ordained minister of the International Ministerial Fellowship , and president of Global Servants .
Jarrod Atkinson is an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon .
Ernest E. Brett was the head coach of the University of Miami football program in 1930 .
Marie Waldron is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly .
Jeanne Napoli ( October 26 , 1938 - October 24 , 2010 ) was an American singer , songwriter , and performer .
Octavio Augusto Perez Ocana , known as Octavio Ocaña , is a Mexican actor known for his role of Benito in the TV series Vecinos .
Désiré Munyaneza ( born 1966 ) is a Rwandan businessman and convicted war criminal who was living in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , before being imprisoned .
Edgar Rice Burroughs ( September 1 , 1875 -- March 19 , 1950 ) was an American writer best known for his creations of the jungle hero Tarzan and the heroic Mars adventurer John Carter , although he produced works in many genres .
Isaac Vallie - Flagg ( born April 8 , 1978 ) is an American mixed martial artist , who formerly competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Stian Aker ( born June 17 , 1980 ) is a Norwegian polar explorer .
Mary Polak ( born 1967 or 1968 ) is a Canadian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia ( MLA ) for the riding of Langley .
Thomas Sowell ( /soʊl/ ; born June 30 , 1930 ) is an American economist , social theorist , political philosopher , and author .
Ronald Fields ( January 11 , 1968 -- September 4 , 2001 ) , better known by his stage name Cougnut , was an American rapper from the Lakeview neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Eugen Sterpu ( nickname Gicu , born June 10 , 1963 ) , is a painter , as is his Estonian wife Viive Sterpu .
Mónika Juhász Miczura is a Hungarian Roma singer , also known as Mitsou and Mitsoura .
Dr. Dirk - Achim Pajonk ( born March 27 , 1969 ) is a German physician and former athlete .
Marion Reilly is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the multi - member single electorate of Molonglo for the Labor Party .
Robert Jastrow ( September 7 , 1925 -- February 8 , 2008 ) was an American astronomer , physicist and cosmologist .
Julie Crochetière ( born July 10 , 1980 in Montreal ) is an independent Canadian singer / songwriter , pianist and arranger .
Gina Pellón ( December 26 , 1926 -- March 27 , 2014 ) was a Cuban painter who lived in France .
He is now an independent journalist with Dennis Trudeau Communications Incorporated and works as a contract master of ceremonies , moderator , discussion leader or facilitator .
Kenny Vance ( born December 9 , 1943 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and music producer who was an original founding member of Jay and the Americans .
Emilio Alfaro , born Emilio Villariño Alfaro ( January 20 , 1933 -- July 18 , 1998 ) , was an Argentine actor , and theatre and film director .
John Littler ( dates unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who made 9 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1793 .
Robert Neal Marshall is an actor , director , producer and playwright who has worked on Off - Broadway , in Regional theater in the United States , on Broadway and in London 's West End .
Peter Manning FRSA is a British conductor and violinist .
Keith Thornton ( born October 7 , 1966 ) , better known by his stage name Kool Keith , is an American rapper from The Bronx , New York known for his surreal , abstract and often profane or incomprehensible lyrics .
Dimitri Voudouris ( Greek : Δημήτριος Βουδούρης ) , is an electroacoustic , new music composer , scientific researcher and pharmacist living in South Africa who pioneered UNYAZI , http://www.newmusicsa.org.za / unyazi2005.html the first electronic music festival and symposium on the African continent in 2005 that took place at University of the Witwatersrand , in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Vladimir Dinets is a zoologist and author , known for his studies of Crocodilian behavior and of numerous rare animals in remote parts of the world , as well as for popular writings in Russian and English .
Jean - Claude Rivest ( born January 27 , 1943 ) is a Canadian lawyer , former politician and Senator .
Cheryl Anne Norton , better known by her stage name Cherrelle , ( born October 13 , 1958 ) is an American R&B singer who gained fame in the 1980s .
Theodore Ayrault Dodge ( May 28 , 1842 -- October 26 , 1909 ) was an American officer and military historian .
Diana Mera is an international Spanish Pop singer .
Karen Wolstenholme ( born 16 October 1962 ) is a British diplomat who was Ambassador to the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( North Korea ) 2011 - -12 .
Kevin Allison ( born February 16 , 1970 ) is a comedic writer and actor .
Nisha Krishnan got engaged to actor Ganesh Venkatraman in February 2015 , and the pair got married on 22 November 2015 .
J. Elizabeth Mitchell ( born June 29 , 1969 ) is an American politician and health advocate from Maine .
William James Royce is an American playwright / director , screenwriter , and novelist .
Joe Grim ( born Saverio Giannone ; March 16 , 1881 -- January 1 , 1939 ) was an Italian American boxer of the early 20th century .
Amnon Niv ( Hebrew : אמנון ניב‎ ) ( February 23 , 1930 -- June 6 , 2011 ) was an Israeli architect and urban designer .
Jacques Lamarre is a Canadian businessman and civil engineer .
Rodrigo Gracie ( born March 11 , 1975 ) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner .
Colin Brady is an American animator and film director .
Bezawada Papi Reddy బెజవాడ పాపి రెడ్డి was a politician known for his wit n quick repartee .
Harald Kloser ( born July 9 , 1956 ) is an Austrian - born film composer , writer , and producer who has won the BMI Film Music Award in 2005 for both of his scores of Alien vs. Predator and The Day After Tomorrow .
Kurt Bollacker is an American computer scientist with a research background in the areas of machine learning , digital libraries , semantic networks , and electro - cardiographic modeling .
Margret Wander ( born May 23 , 1981 ) , better known by her stage name Dessa , is an American rapper , singer , spoken word artist , and writer .
Hope Clarke ( born March 23 , 1941 ) is an African - American actress , dancer , vocalist , choreographer , and director .
Itsye Mordkhe Schaechter ( Yiddish : איציע מרדכי שעכטער‎ ; December 1 , 1927 -- February 15 , 2007 ) was a leading Yiddish linguist , as well as a writer and educator who spent a lifetime studying , standardizing and teaching the language .
Bruno Sanfilippo is a classically trained musician and composer .
Johnny Quinn ( born November 6 , 1983 ) is an American bobsledder and former gridiron football player .
Adrian Justine Muhlach or AJ Muhlach ( born May 20 , 1992 ) , is a Filipino pop singer , actor , and a member of the boy band XLR8 .
Sharnael Wolverton is an American author , minister , and television host .
Hrabia Eryk Kurnatowski ( October 8 , 1883 -- February 23 , 1975 ) was a Polish nobleman and politician who served a Member of the Senate from 1922 to 1927 .
Jameson Currier ( October 16 , 1955 ) is an American novelist , short story writer , poet , critic , journalist , editor , and publisher .
Eugène Gabritschevsky ( December 1893 -- April 5 , 1979 ) was a Russian biologist and artist .
Lesra Martin is a Canadian lawyer and motivational speaker .
Aljean Harmetz is a Hollywood journalist and film historian .
Brian Langtry ( born May 16 , 1976 ) is a former lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth of the National Lacrosse League and the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse .
Tioda was a prominent Asturian architect of the 9th century .
Alvin Ailey ( January 5 , 1931 -- December 1 , 1989 ) was an African - American choreographer and activist who founded the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in New York City .
Karleen Pendleton Jiménez is an American - Canadian writer and academic .
Paul Juon ( Russian : Па́вел Фёдорович Юо́н , Pavel Fyodorovich Yuon ; March 6 , 1872 -- August 21 , 1940 ) was a Russian - born Swiss composer .
Maximilian Gosseau de Henef ( also spelled Coseaux and de Heneff ) was an Austrian architect of Alsatian descent .
Raluca Sbîrcia ( born 14 July 1989 ) is a Romanian épée fencer , bronze medallist in the 2013 World Fencing Championships .
Jon Sudbø ( born May 3 , 1961 ) is a Norwegian dentist , physician , and former medical researcher , who was exposed as a scientific fraudster in 2006 .
Count Antoni Jan Ostrowski ( 1782 - -1845 ) was a Polish noble ( szlachcic ) , landowner , political and economic activist , general and publicist .
Peter V. Brett ( born February 8 , 1973 ) is an American fantasy novelist .
Michael Bailey Smith ( born November 2 , 1957 ) is an American movie and television actor .
Bill T. Jones ( born February 15 , 1952 ) is an American artistic director , choreographer and dancer .
Joe Glick was a prolific Jewish boxer from Brooklyn who established himself early as a top contender among Junior Lightweights .
Christian Jobin ( born April 7 , 1952 ) is a Canadian politician and was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the district of Lévis - et - Chutes - de - la - Chaudière from 2003 to 2004 .
Louis J. Wilde ( July 16 , 1865 -- April 18 , 1924 ) was an American banker and Republican politician from California .
Anatoly Georgievich Ufimtsev ( Russian : Анатолий Георгиевич Уфимцев ) ( 1880 - 1936 ) was a Russian engineer and aviation pioneer .
Tynisha Keli Soares ( born July 28 , 1985 ) , known by her stage name Tynisha Keli , is an American R&B and pop singer - songwriter , who has seen her greatest success in Japan .
Elizabeth Hilden ( born on November 5 , 1969 ) is an American adult model .
Kenneth F. Sutherland ( October 2 , 1888 on Coney Island , Kings County , New York -- November 14 , 1954 in Sea Gate , Brooklyn , New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Dionysius Chalcus ( Greek : Διονύσιος ὁ Χαλκοῦς ) was an ancient Athenian poet and orator .
Al Bernardin ( February 17 , 1928 -- December 22 , 2009 ) was an American restaurateur and businessman who invented the McDonald 's Quarter Pounder in 1971 as a franchise owner in Fremont , California .
Kevin T. Bauder is a Baptist theologian .
Anoka Faruqee ( born 1972 ) is an American painter and since 2011 an associate professor of painting and printmaking at Yale University .
Meghan Kalkstein is an American broadcast journalist for KATU in Portland , Oregon .
Jennifer Higgie is an Australian novelist , screenwriter , art critic and co - editor of the London - based contemporary arts magazine , Frieze .
Mariano Matamoros y Guridi ( August 14 , 1770 -- February 3 , 1814 ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic priest and revolutionary rebel soldier of the Mexican War of Independence , who fought for independence against Spain in the early 19th century .
Joseph Somers is an American artist and painter most famous for his canvases , three - dimensional in both their structure and illusion .
Thomas Mallon ( born November 2 , 1951 ) is an American novelist , essayist , and critic .
Henry Cronjager was a pioneering cinematographer during the early days of silent film , right up through the beginning of the sound film era .
Francine Allard ( born October 16 , 1949 ) is a Quebec educator , novelist , poet , and visual artist .
In Guayaquil the Carlos Cueva Tamariz road is in Urdesa Central His son Juan , also a diplomat , was also Ambassador of Ecuador at a United Nations Organization , the Unesco .
Matthew Simmonds , also known as 4mat or 4-Mat , is a British electronic musician , sound designer , and video game composer best known for his chiptunes written in tracker software .
Patrick Rabbitt is an English psychologist who has specialised in researching the mental effects of aging -- cognitive gerontology .
Nasima Razmyar ( born September 13 , 1984 in Kabul , Afghanistan ) is an Afghan- Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament , representing the Social Democratic Party .
Grace Garland ( born New York City , U.S. ) is an American singer - songwriter and actress .
Lydia Davis ( born July 15 , 1947 ) is an American writer noted for her short stories .
John Callan O'Laughlin ( January 11 , 1873 -- March 14 , 1949 ) was a journalist and longtime publisher of the Army and Navy Journal .
Edward Weinfeld ( May 14 , 1901 -- January 17 , 1988 ) was a longtime federal judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , from 1950 to 1988 .
Des James is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sandy Bay in the Tasmanian Football League ( TFL ) .
Rajni Bakshi is a Mumbai - based freelance journalist and author .
Arthur Charles Alfred Norman ( 1858 - 1944 ) , often referred to as A.C.A. Norman , was a British architect who was active in Malaya at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of 20th century .
Georg Ernst Ludwig Hampe ( July 5 , 1795 -- November 23 , 1880 ) was a German pharmacist , botanist and bryologist who was a native of Fürstenberg .
Ágnes Lehóczky is a Hungarian poet and translator born in Budapest , 1976 .
William Duncan McLeod ( April 4 , 1852 -- August 14 , 1908 ) was a cheese maker , farmer and politician in Ontario .
Elizabeth Helme ( died c. 1814 ) was an English novelist and translator of the 18th century .
Shaun Toub ( Persian : شان طوب‎‎ , born 1963 ) is an Iranian film and television actor .
Frank B. Livingstone ( December 8 , 1928 -- March 21 , 2005 ) was an American biological anthropologist .
Hungarian born Ida Jenbach was a playwright and screenwriter for German and Austrian cinema during the 1920s .
Manuel Maples Arce ( May 1 , 1898 - June 26 , 1981 ) was a Mexican poet , writer , art critic , lawyer and diplomat , especially known as the founder of the Stridentism movement .
Dr. Josephine Gabler ( January 16 , 1879 - June 13 , 1961 ) was a physician who performed illegal abortions in Chicago , serving the entire Midwest , during the 1930s .
Jean - Marc Leclercq ( also known as JoMo ) is a French singer and Esperantist from Toulouse .
Marc Abraham is an American film producer , director , and former president of Strike Entertainment , a production company he launched in early 2002 with a multi - year , first look arrangement with Universal Pictures .
Ignacio Luis Arcaya had a son , Ignacio Arcaya ( 1939 ) , who went on to become a career diplomat .
Beverly Michaels ( December 28 , 1928 -- June 9 , 2007 ) was an American B - movie actress and cheesecake model of the 1950s .
Lamont Pearson , ( born February 18 , 1971 in Washington , D.C. ) is a professional boxer in the United States .
Warren Bullock is a professional ballroom dancer and dance teacher .
Wilhelm Rust ( August 15 , 1822 -- May 2 , 1892 ) was a German musicologist and composer .
Dr. Thomas Hale , Jr ( born October 10 , 1937 ) is an American physician and author who is best known for his 25 years of missionary work in the Himalayan Mountains of Nepal .
Gokaraju Ganga Raju ( Telugu : గోకరాజు గంగరాజు ) is an Indian politician and a Member of Parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Narsapuram ( Lok Sabha constituency ) , Andhra Pradesh .
Mark Maryanovich is a Canadian photographer and artist .
Vinkenti Peev was a Bulgarian Catholic priest , Capuchin friar and Vicar Apostolic of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sofia and Plovdiv .
John Paczkowski ( born August 10 , 1969 ) is an American journalist and blogger who authored the technology blog Good Morning Silicon Valley for Knight Ridder and The San Jose Mercury News from 1999 to 2007 .
Martina Fitzgerald is a Canadian radio journalist , who is the current anchor of CBC Radio One 's news program The World This Weekend .
Dalia Levin ( born September 18 , 1946 ) is the former director and chief curator of Herzliya Museum of Contemporary Art ( 1993 - 2014 ) .
Almir Aganović is a Bosnian volleyball player at the highest national level .
Reni Santoni ( born April 21 , 1939 ) is an American film , television and voice actor .
Eugenio Berríos Sagredo ( November 14 , 1947 -- 1992 ) was a Chilean biochemist who worked for the DINA intelligence agency .
Rauf Khalilov Azad oglu ( born October 6 , 1981 Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a film director , composer , designer and producer .
Sulochana Chavan is a Marathi singer who is known for singing various famous lavanis .
Rainer Sternal is a German swimmer who won three medals in freestyle relay events at the European championships in 1981 and 1983 .
Alfredo Ortiz is an American musician , primarily a drummer and percussionist .
Ricardo Martínez de Hoyos ( October 28 , 1918 -- January 11 , 2009 ) was a Mexican painter noted for his figurative work on unreal atmospheres .
Bridie Monds - Watson , better known as SOAK , is an Irish singer - songwriter born in Derry , Northern Ireland , in 1996 .
Tuiyo Evei was a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup .
Dik Cadbury is an English multi - instrumentalist and singer , principally known as a bass guitarist and as former member of Decameron and the backing band of former Genesis guitarist Steve Hackett .
Ernestas Galvanauskas ( November 20 , 1882 -- July 24 , 1967 ) was a Lithuanian engineer , politician and one of the founders of the Lithuanian Peasants ' Union ( which later merged with the Lithuanian Popular Peasants ' Union ) .
Zhang Yulin ( Chinese : 张育林 ; born January 1958 ) is an astronautic engineer and lieutenant general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
José Fernando Ramírez ( May 5 , 1804 -- March 4 , 1871 ) was a distinguished Mexican historian in the 19th century .
Hannah Woolley , sometimes spelled Wolley , ( 1622 - -c.1675 ) was an English writer who published early books on household management and was probably the first to earn their living doing this .
Nasrollah Hekmat ( born 1957 ) is an Iranian philosopher and Professor of philosophy at the Shahid Beheshti University .
Dmitry Sinkovsky ( Russian : Дмитрий Синковский ) is a Russian virtuoso violinist , concertmaster , countertenor and conductor .
Loren Yamilé Bahamonde Cabello ( born June 4 , 1987 ) is an Ecuadorian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
Joshua Rosenblum ( born May 10 , 1963 ) is an American composer , conductor , pianist , arranger , and music journalist .
Onofre Jarpa Labra ( 1849 - 1940 ) was a Chilean landscape painter in the Romantic style , and an essayist on various artistic topics .
Pasuk Phongpaichit ( Thai : ผาสุก พงษ์ไพจิตร , rtgs : Phasuk Phongphaichit , born February 11 , 1946 ) is a Thai economist .
The Analatos Painter was an Attic vase painter of the Early Proto - Attic style .
Nadix ( born Nadir Hajro on March 26 , 1989 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian trance musician .
Betty Reynolds Cobb received a high school diploma but never completed the formal , official training to become a lawyer .
Dorothy Langley was the pseudonym of Dorothy Selma Richardson Kissling , ( February 14 , 1904 -- April 1 , 1969 ) an American novelist .
Wayne Thiebaud ( born November 15 , 1920 ) is an American painter widely known for his colorful works depicting commonplace objects -- pies , lipsticks , paint cans , ice cream cones , pastries , and hot dogs -- as well as for his landscapes and figure paintings .
Thomas Fox Averill ( born April 30 , 1949 ) is a writer , novelist , and academic from Topeka , Kansas .
A. R. Schwartz , a Jewish Texan politician , was born in Galveston , Texas .
J. Bhagyalakshmi is an Indian journalist , poet , and novelist .
Pamfilo of Magliano , O.S.F. ( now O.F.M. ) , was an Italian Franciscan friar , who went to the United States in 1855 to help establish the Order there .
François Paradis is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in a byelection on October 20 , 2014 .
Ted Leo is an American singer , songwriter , and multi - instrumentalist .
Louie Clemente ( born January 23 , 1965 ) is a former drummer for the Bay Area thrash metal band Testament .
John Joseph Patrick Ryan ( December 30 , 1920 -- January 21 , 1998 ) , best known by his stage name , Jack Lord , was an American television , film and Broadway actor and director and producer .
Mohamed El Naschie ( Arabic : محمد النشائي‎ ) is an Egyptian engineer and theoretical physicist , and the former editor of a controversial journal , Chaos , Solitons & Fractals .
Carol Welsman ( born September 29 , 1960 in Toronto ) is a Canadian jazz vocalist and pianist .
Richard Maibaum ( May 26 , 1909 -- January 4 , 1991 ) was an American film producer , playwright and screenwriter best known for his screenplay adaptations of Ian Fleming 's James Bond novels .
Patrick Whitesell ( born February 4 , 1965 ) is an American talent agent and co - CEO of WME , an entertainment and media agency .
Shoshana Damari ( Hebrew : שושנה דמארי‎ , Arabic : شوشانه ( شمعه ) ذماري‎ ) ( March 31 , 1923 -- February 14 , 2006 ) was a Yemeni - born Israeli singer known as the `` Queen of Hebrew Music . ''
Steven Pressman is an American journalist , author of two books ( Outrageous Betrayal and 50 Children ) , and director / producer of the documentary film 50 Children :
Gisela Heisse is a retired German rower who won a silver and a gold medal in the quad sculls at the European championships of 1959 - -1960 , both of them with Herta Weissig .
Joseph Wiseman ( May 15 , 1918 -- October 19 , 2009 ) was a Canadian theatre and film actor , best known for starring as the titular antagonist of the first James Bond film , Dr. No , his role as Manny Weisbord on the TV series Crime Story , and his career on Broadway .
André Lafosse is also a known guitar musician .
Hollywood Beyond was the brainchild of singer - songwriter Mark Rogers .
Meghan Toohey is a multi - instrumentalist , songwriter , singer , producer , and performer from Massachusetts who resides in Los Angeles .
Miloš Zahradník is a Czech mathematician who works on statistical mechanics in Charles University in Prague .
Peter Perring Thoms ( fl . 1814 -- 1851 ) was an English nineteenth century printer and Chinese language translator based in Canton ( Guangzhou ) and Macau , China .
Jamal Fincher Jones , professionally known as Polow da Don , is an American record producer , songwriter and rapper .
Dewan Chand is a Fiji Indian educationist and politician who won the Laucala Indian Communal Constituency for the Labour Party in 2006 general election , getting 90 % of the votes cast .
Omer Adam ( Hebrew : עומר אדם ; born October 22 , 1993 ) is an Israeli singer .
Kim Bum - soo ( Hangul : 김범수 ; hanja : 金範修 , born January 26 , 1979 ) , is a South Korean R&B and soul singer ( see also K - pop ) famous for his smooth vocals and emotive ballads .
Lisa McRee ( born November 9 , 1961 ) is an American television journalist and former news anchor , born in Fort Worth , Texas .
John Benger ( died c.1457 ) , of Pewsey , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Jesse Lee Kercheval is a poet , memoirist , translator and fiction writer .
Callum Sinclair ( born 23 September 1989 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mohammad Reza Tafazzoli ( born 1974 ) is an Iranian composer Mohammad Reza Tafazzoli , was born in 1974 in Karlsruhe Germany . He started his first education in music in the Boys Conservatory of Tehran and graduated in 1992 .
George Byron Currey ( April 4 , 1833 -- March 6 , 1906 ) was a pioneer , lawyer , soldier , farmer , and editor in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Hannah Holliday Stewart ( January 25 , 1924 -- February 23 , 2010 ) was an American abstract sculptor who was a prominent member of the Houston art scene and exhibited across the United States , including at the Smithsonian Institution .
Abijah Adams ( c.1754 -- May 18 , 1816 ) was a journalist who frequently found himself involved in controversies .
Donald Samuel Ornstein ( born July 30 , 1934 , New York ) is an American mathematician working in the area of ergodic theory .
Lý Tế Xuyên ( chữ Hán : 李濟川 ; fl . 1400 ) was a Vietnamese historian , compiler of the Việt Điện U Linh Tập ( Collection of Stories on Spirits of the Departed in the Viet Realm ) .
Carlos Knox ( born October 7 , 1974 ) is a retired American basketball player who last served as the head coach of the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada ( NBL ) .
Lesley Selander ( May 26 , 1900 -- December 5 , 1979 ) was an American film director of Westerns and science fiction movies .
Rocco Silano is an American magician , author , and lecturer .
Ulisse Ribustini ( 1852 - -1944 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of conventional sacred subjects and genre subjects .
Leah Renee Cudmore ( born October 1 , 1985 ) , often credited as Leah Cudmore or Leah Renee , is a Canadian actress and singer .
Stephan Rose is a boxer from Guyana who participated in the 1991 Pan American Games .
Jimmy Cha ( Korean : 차민수 , Hanja : 車敏洙 , born January 15 , 1951 ) , also known as Ch'a Min - su , is a South Korean professional go and avid poker player .
Eric Tingstad ( born December 16 , 1954 ) is an American record producer , musician , songwriter and composer .
Camillo Tanio Boccia ( 1912 - -1982 ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter active in the 1960s .
Del Howison ( born June 3 , 1953 ) is an American horror author , editor and actor .
Alvin Joseph Melveger ( born 1937 ) is an American scientist specializing in physical chemistry , spectroscopy , biomaterials , polymers and other disciplines , Alvin Joseph Melveger has had a long multifaceted career in chemical analysis , research , editing , publishing and teaching .
John Clyve was an English gothic architect , responsible for the nave , tower and west front of Worcester Cathedral .
Gen. Antoni Chruściel ( ( anˈtɔɲi ˈxruɕt͡ɕel ) nom de guerre Monter ; 1895 - -1960 ) was a Polish military officer and a general of the Polish Army .
John C. Davis was a labor economist and was U.S. President Harry S. Truman 's chief of staff of the Council of Economic Advisers .
Rudolph Pariser ( born December 8 , 1923 ) is a physical and polymer chemist .
Rhys Chatham ( born September 19 , 1952 ) is an American composer , guitarist , trumpet player , multi - instrumentalist ( flutes in C , alto and bass , keyboard ) , primarily active in avant - garde and minimalist music .
Chris Marion ( born January 8 , 1962 ) is an American musician best known as a member of Little River Band and for his contribution to the rock music and gospel music industries .
Holly Hartman is an American writer of children 's literature who is best known for her book Grandpa 's Secret Potion , published in 1996 .
Seth Gandrud is an actor from North Dakota and currently living in Los Angeles , California .
Bernard Bailyn ( born September 9 , 1922 ) is an American historian , author , and professor specializing in U.S. Colonial and Revolutionary - era History .
Roberta Murgo Thaise ( born May 8 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian model , who has posed for numerous publications including Maxim and the magazine Beauty is Divine .
Godefroi de Leigni was a clerk and an associate of Chrétien de Troyes during the 12th century , presumably at the court of Marie de Champagne .
Khadija Qalanjo ( Somali : Khadiija Qalanjo , Arabic : خديجة قالانجو‎ ) was a popular Somali singer and folklore dancer in the 1970s and 1980s .
Achim Köhler ( also Achim Koehler ) is a music producer and sound engineer , mostly known for his longtime collaboration with the German power metal band Primal Fear but he has been involved in the production process of many band 's albums mostly in heavy metal genre .
Seppo Mikkola ( 1947 ) is a Finnish astronomer .
Thomas Blachman ( born 1963 ) is a Danish jazz musician , composer and five times Danish Music Awards - winner .
Andy Sandberg is an American director , writer , actor , and Tony Award winning producer .
Marc Huster ( born 1 July 1970 in Altdöbern ) is a German weightlifter and sports commentator .
Qaiser Abbas ( born May 7 , 1982 , Muridke , Punjab ) is a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 2000 .
Ashley Rae Maika DiPietro ( born Ashley Youmans ; April 30 , 1985 ) better known by the stage name Ashley Alexandra Dupré , is a former call girl .
Johanna Mikl - Leitner ( born February 9 , 1964 ) is an Austrian politician of the ÖVP .
Aaron Rodríguez ( born June 13 , 1976 ) is a Mexican American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Sicodelico Jr. Rodríguez is the son of Sicodelico and the nephew of Mil Máscaras and Dos Caras , and the cousin of Alberto Del Rio ( Dos Caras Jr. ) .
Andrew W. Needham is a prominent American tax lawyer .
Cevin Fisher ( born Kevin Fisher , October 26 , 1963 , East Orange , New Jersey ) is an American house music record producer .
Roberto Pregadio ( December 6 , 1928 -- November 15 , 2010 ) was an Italian composer , conductor and TV - personality .
Henry Combs was a structural engineer at Clarence Johnson 's famed Skunk Works group of Lockheed Corporation .
Florian Wünsche ( born July 18 , 1991 ) is a German actor and well known for his role as Manuel Siewert in the children soap opera Schloss Einstein .
C. Malcolm Parry ( born c. 1938 in Blaenavon ) is a Welsh architect , professor emeritus , and TV / radio broadcaster .
Tamil Cinema 's ace actor , Sivaji Ganesan had mentioned in one of his interviews that Bhanupriya is the only actress from the younger generation with matchable acting ability as Savithri and Padmini .
Guillem de l'Olivier d'Arle , also spelled Guilhem del Olivier , was a troubadour , probably active after 1260 .
John Yau ( born 1950 ) is an American poet and critic who lives in New York City .
Abner Mares Martínez ( born November 28 , 1985 ) is a Mexican professional boxer who has won world championships in three weight divisions , having held the IBF bantamweight , WBC super bantamweight and WBC featherweight titles .
Sir Narcisse - Fortunat Belleau , KCMG QC ( October 20 , 1808 -- September 14 , 1894 ) was a Canadian politician , lawyer and businessman .
Jamie Robertson ( born May 30 , 1981 ) is an English film score composer .
Nicholas Bussmann is a composer and performer .
Dan Prothero is a San Francisco - based independent record producer , recording engineer , and record collector .
Nick Koudis is an American photographer known for images that have a double meaning that poke fun at social insanity .
Nongmaithem Chittaranjan Singh , more commonly known as Nongmaithem Pahari , was an Indian singer , a composer , a revolutionist and a writer .
Oscar Seagle ( October 31 , 1877 - December 19 , 1945 ) was a prominent musician and music teacher active in the early 20th century .
Jeannie Hsieh ( Chinese : 謝金燕 ; born December 25 , 1974 ) is a Taiwanese singer - songwriter , dancer , actress , and model .
William Trevitt ( February 7 , 1809 -- February 8 , 1881 ) was a doctor , politician , diplomat , and newspaper publisher in 19th century Ohio .
Thomas French ( born January 3 , 1958 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist who worked for the St. Petersburg Times ( currently the Tampa Bay Times ) for 27 years .
John Neilson ( July 17 , 1776 -- February 1 , 1848 ) was a Scots - Quebecer editor of the newspaper La Gazette de Québec / The Quebec Gazette and a politician .
Edward Hirst is a picture editor , photographer , videographer and technical consultant specialising in TV , film , music and unit still photography .
Yoon Min - soo ( Hangul : 윤민수 ; born February 27 , 1980 ) is a South Korean singer and television personality .
Eddie Ryder ( January 23 , 1923 -- March 29 , 1997 ) was an American television and film actor as well as writer , and television director .
Tom DeMarco ( born August 20 , 1940 ) is an American software engineer , author , and consultant on software engineering topics .
Marion Janet Harron ( September 3 , 1903 -- September 26 , 1972 ) was a United States Tax Court judge ( c.1936 ) , and best known for having an affair with Lorena Hickok .
Maureen Lally - Green is an American lawyer in the state of Pennsylvania .
Barry Jensen is a former professional rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition .
Natálie Kocábová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnataːljɛ ˈkotsaːbovaː ) ) , also known as Natalie Kocab ( born May 16 , 1984 , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech poet , writer and musician .
A classically trained violist / violinist , Lunic fuses contemporary and classical instrumentation with electronic music composition .
Jovan Ajduković ( Јован Ајдуковић ; 10 January 1968 , Novi Sad , Serbia ) is a Serbian linguist .
Vincent J. Polistina ( born June 10 , 1971 ) is an American Republican politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly , where he represented the 2nd Legislative District from 2008 to 2012 .
Ferris Bolton ( February 13 , 1853 -- May 11 , 1937 ) was a politician and farmer .
David Meme is primarily known as a producer and musician currently living and working in Brighton .
Philipp Heck ( 1858 - -1943 ) was a German jurist and a leading proponent of the doctrine of jurisprudence of interests .
Joseph Jasgur ( March 23 , 1919 -- March 21 , 2009 ) was a photographer who photographed celebrities during the golden age of Hollywood .
Prakash Shetty is an Indian cartoonist and caricaturist known for his Spot caricaturing .
Richard Sherter ( fl . 1419 ) of Sussex was an English politician .
Paul F Downton is a sustainable city theorist and activist , ecological architect , urbanist and professional writer on architecture , ecocities , environment and the arts .
Arthur Oakley Coltman ( A.O. Coltman ) was a British architect practising in Malaya for 32 years where he worked as manager of the architecture firm Booty Edwards & Partners .
Raphy Leavitt ( September 17 , 1948 -- August 5 , 2015 ) was a Puerto Rican composer and founder of the salsa orchestra `` La Selecta '' .
Jean Noël Desmarais ( April 11 , 1924 -- July 25 , 1995 ) was a Canadian physician , radiologist , and politician .
John Erman ( born August 3 , 1935 ) is an American television and film director , actor and producer .
Clyde Roger Vinson ( born February 19 , 1940 ) is a senior federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida .
Nikki Sixx ( born Frank Carlton Serafino Feranna , Jr. ; December 11 , 1958 ) is an American musician , songwriter , radio host , and photographer , best known as the co - founder , bassist , and primary songwriter of the band Mötley Crüe .
Federico Esposito ( born June 2 , 1987 in Piombino ) is an Italian windsurfer , who specialized in Neil Pryde RS :
Son of the engineer Robert White ( 1842 - 1925 ) , Bruce White joined his father 's practice in 1919 together with his brother Colin White in 1923 .
George Axelrod ( June 9 , 1922 -- June 21 , 2003 ) was an American screenwriter , producer , playwright and film director , best known for his play , The Seven Year Itch ( 1952 ) , which was adapted into a movie of the same name starring Marilyn Monroe .
Stuart Rosenberg ( August 11 , 1927 -- March 15 , 2007 ) was an American film and television director whose motion pictures include Cool Hand Luke ( 1967 ) , Voyage of the Damned ( 1976 ) , The Amityville Horror ( 1979 ) , and The Pope of Greenwich Village ( 1984 ) .
Christopher Caple or Capell ( c.1559 -- 1626 ) was an English mercer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1626 .
Shirish Kanekar ( Devanagari : शिरीष कणेकर ) is a Marathi writer , stage performer , from Maharashtra , India .
Adrian Vallarino ( born July 19 , 1968 ) is an Uruguayan television and film , producer and director , journalist and cinematographer .
Domenico Galeazzi ( Bologna , May 20 , 1647 - Bologna , April 9 , 1731 ) was an Italian painter .
Prince Bradman Ediriweera is a Sri Lankan former cricketer .
Ronald Reng is a German sports journalist and author .
Siôn Ceri ( fl . early 16th Century ) was a Welsh language poet .
Muhammad Sarwar Khan Kakar ( Pashto : سرور خان کاکړ‎ ) was a former politician and head of the Pashtun Kakar tribe in the Pakistani province of Balochistan .
Shay Raviv ( better known by his stage name Violet Vision ) is a Los Angeles - based record producer , songwriter and remixer .
Justus Dartt ( February 17 , 1836 -- July 1 , 1912 ) was a Vermont farmer , educator and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and state Commissioner of Education .
Giannis Agouris ( Greek : Γιάννης Αγγούρης , July 20 , 1930 - August 1 , 2006 ) was a Greek writer and journalist from Achaia .
Samuel Shackford Otis ( 1891 - 1974 ) was an architect from Winnetka , Illinois who designed numerous hotels , housing complexes , and other buildings during a nearly 40-year career .
Hubert Janitschek ( 1846 - -1893 ) was an Austrian - German art historian .
Sergio Reis Silva ( born c. 1970 ) , a.k.a . maestro Sany Pitbull , is a Brazilian favela musician from Rio de Janeiro suburb São Cristóvão , produced many of the dance style baile funk artists since 1986 .
Zulfi Syed also known as Zulfikar Syed is an Indian model and actor .
Kambriel is an American fashion designer , winner of Gothic Beauty 's 2005 Fashion Designer of the Year award .
Tazewell Thompson ( born May 27 , 1948 ) , is an African - American theatre director , the former Artistic Director of the Westport Country Playhouse ( 2006 - 2007 ) in Westport , Connecticut and the Syracuse Stage ( 1992 - 1995 ) in New York state .
Alice von Hildebrand lives in the United States and is a lecturer and an author whose works include :
Georgina Willis is an award winning film director who was born in Australia and now lives in London .
Randall Duk Kim ( born September 24 , 1943 ) is a Korean - American stage , television and film actor .
Jiang Chunfang ( Chinese : 姜椿芳 ; pinyin : Jiāng Chūnfāng , July 28 , 1912 - -December 17 , 1987 ) was a Chinese translator , educationist , and one of the founders of the Encyclopedia of China .
Vincent Moscaritolo 's experience includes roles as(Distinguished Member of Technical Staff ) ) at Silent Circle , Principal Cryptographic Engineer for PGP Corporation , Senior Operating System engineer for Apple Computer , and Principal Software Specialist at Digital Equipment Corporation .
George Peel was the son of Arthur Peel , 1st Viscount Peel , a senior British Liberal politician , and Adelaide Dugdale .
Arlene Rothlein was an postmodern dancer / choreographer and actress .
Sinqua Walls ( born April 6 , 1985 ) is an American actor and former college basketball player for Cal Poly Pomona and the University of San Francisco .
Robert C. Murphy ( October 9 , 1926 -- October 31 , 2000 ) was a lawyer and jurist from Baltimore County , Maryland .
Bernard Ryosuke Inagaki ( ca . 1928 - - ) is a Japanese philosopher and renowned scholar of Thomas Aquinas .
Susan Duerden is a British actress , voice actor , and audiobook narrator .
Raisa Andriana ( born June 6 , 1990 ) , is an Indonesian singer .
William Beinart ( born January 19 , 1951 in Cape Town ) is a historian and Africanist .
Ben Kuchera is a video games journalist whose career has included work at Ars Technica and The Penny Arcade Report , as of 2014 he writes for video game website Polygon .
Himmanshoo A. Malhotra ( Hindi : हिमांशु मल्होत्रा ; born Himanshu Malhotra ) is an Indian actor .
James A. Lundy ( died May 22 , 1973 ) was a Republican politician from Queens , New York City known for serving as Queens Borough President and chairman of the State Public Service Commission .
Jim Westwood was the chief engineer at Sinclair Research Ltd in the 1980s , starting at the company in 1963 .
Majid Saeedi is an Iranian documentary photographer .
Dan Donegan ( born August 1 , 1968 ) is an American musician and guitarist for heavy metal band Disturbed .
William A. Sederburg is an American university president and politician .
Egamnazar Akbarov ( Uzbek : Эгамназар Акбаров ; born July 18 , 1976 in Tashkent ) is an Uzbek judoka , who competed in the men 's lightweight category .
Robert Dugan Aguilar is a Native American photographer whose work has been exhibited by major museums .
Ian Liversedge is a sports physiotherapist who is currently working for Conference Premier football club Macclesfield Town .
José L. Duomarco ( September 27 , 1905 -- November 25 , 1985 ) was a Uruguayan 20th century scientist who introduced innovative ideas in the fields of medical physics and cardiac and venous physiology .
Margo Geer ( born March 17 , 1992 ) is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in freestyle events .
Marimutthu Pillai ( 1712 - 1787 CE ) was a composer of Carnatic music and , along with Arunachala Kavi and Muthu Thandavar , was one of the pioneering Tamil Trinity of Carnatic music .
She became active also as a film producer with Tenussian Vaccuvasco and continued producing several low budget art films including Breathful and Hitler 's Grave . She is active in acting in films in Turkey . Taies Farzan speaks English , German , Turkish and Persian fluently .
William Littell Everitt ( April 14 , 1900 -- September 6 , 1986 ) was a noted American electrical engineer , educator , and founding member of the National Academy of Engineering .
Choi Soo - young ( born February 10 , 1990 ) , most often credited as Sooyoung , is a South Korean singer and actress .
Intira Jaroenpura ( Thai : อินทิรา เจริญปุระ ; rtgs : Inthira Charoenpura ) or stage name Sine Jaroenpura ( Thai : ทราย เจริญปุระ ; rtgs : Sai Charoenpura ; born December 23 , 1980 ) is a Thai actress and singer .
Claudia Florenti was an Italian opera singer with the rank of `` magnificent soprano . ''
Karen Knorr is a German - born American photographer who lives in London .
Charles Alvin Jones ( August 27 , 1887 -- May 22 , 1966 ) was a United States federal judge and a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania .
Georges Parent ( December 15 , 1879 -- December 14 , 1942 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician and Speaker of the Canadian Senate from 1940 until 1942 .
Sim Bong - geun ( born October 3 , 1943 in Goseong ) is an archaeologist , university professor and administrator at Dong - A University in Greater Busan , South Korea .
James Kenward ( 1908 - -1994 ) , English author and illustrator , best known for his accounts of suburban and prep school life .
Nivin Ramani or Niveen A Ramani(born September 27 , 1988 ) is an Indian TV serial actor and model .
Barnet Kellman is a television and film director , television producer and film actor .
Fred Haslam is a software engineer and mobile platform developer who has worked for eBay , Inc. since January 2011 .
Olu Dara Jones ( born Charles Jones III ; January 12 , 1941 ) is an American cornetist , guitarist and singer .
Josef Lanzendörfer ( born March 24 , 1907 , date of death unknown ) was a German bobsledder who competed for Czechoslovakia in the mid-1930s .
Marjorie Montgomery ( born May 27 , 1912 ) is an American former child dancer and actress .
Pan Changjiang ( born July 1957 ) is a Chinese skit actor , sitcom actor , and recently turned TV director .
Ray Harm ( November 9 , 1926 -- April 9 , 2015 ) was an American artist , best known for his paintings of wildlife , primarily birds .
Rick James ( born James Ambrose Johnson , Jr. ; February 1 , 1948 -- August 6 , 2004 ) was an American musician and composer .
Paul Wheaton is a contemporary permaculture theorist , master gardener , software engineer , and disciple of natural agriculturist Sepp Holzer .
Gedalia Dov Schwartz ( born January 24 , 1925 ) is an eminent Orthodox rabbi , scholar , and posek ( halakhic authority ) living in Chicago , Illinois .
João Emanuel Carneiro is half brother of actress Claudia Ohana and son of writer , anthropologist and art critic Lelia Coelho Frota .
David Saranga ( Hebrew : דוד סרנגה‎ ) ( born February 18 , 1964 ) is an Israeli diplomat who serves as the Senior Foreign Affairs Advisor to the President of the State of Israel , Reuven ( Ruvi ) Rivlin , and former Head of European Parliament Liaison Department at the Israeli embassy in Brussels .
Vaughn Wiester ( born July 11 , 1945 ) is an American jazz musician and educator .
Tiku Talsania is an Indian actor who has acted in supporting roles in nearly 200 films and in TV Serials .
Samuel Howell ( March 11 , 1723 -- December 9 , 1807 ) was a Quaker who became a prominent merchant in colonial Philadelphia and a leading patriot , proponent , leader and financier for American independence .
Karl Wilhelm Wach ( also Carl Wilhelm or Wilhelm Wach ) ( September 11 , 1787 - November 24 , 1845 ) was a German painter .
Karl Stellwag von Carion ( January 28 , 1823 - November 21 , 1904 ) was an Austrian ophthalmologist who was a native of Langendorf , a village in Moravia .
Kirsti Koch Christensen ( born December 1 , 1940 ) is a Norwegian linguist that served as chancellor of the University of Bergen from 1999 to 2005 .
Samuel Hinga Norman ( January 1 , 1940 -- February 22 , 2007 ) was a Sierra Leonean politician from the Mende tribe .
Briscoe Baldwin ( January 18 , 1789 -- May 18 , 1852 ) was Virginia attorney , politician , and jurist .
Bissan Rafe ( Arabic : بيسان رافع ‎ ) is an American visual artist , animator and writer from Houston , Texas , living and working in the Netherlands .
Micheál Webster ( born 1 August 1977 ) is an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a full - forward for the Tipperary senior team .
Yanagiman is a Japanese musician , songwriter and arranger who have worked with many different artists , both Japanese and foreign .
Jonas Odell ( born 10 November 1962 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish music video and film director and founder of FilmTecknarna .
Kesang Marstrand ( born October 31 , 1981 ) is an American folk singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Suresh Menon is an Indian actor , comedian and television personality .
William Marvin ( April 14 , 1808 -- July 9 , 1902 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and United States federal judge .
Hopkins Holsey ( August 25 , 1779 -- March 2 , 1856 ) was a United States Representative , newspaper publisher and lawyer from Georgia .
Joseph Whipp ( born July 12 , 1941 ) is an American actor who has starred in many films and starred on television .
The Painter of Munich 1410 was an Attic black - figure vase painter , active in the third quarter of the sixth century BC . His real name is now known .
Tommy Pistol ( born July 2 , 1976 ) is the stage name of an American adult film actor , director and cook .
Sergio George ( born May 23 , 1961 ) is an American pianist arranger and record producer , known for working with many famous performers of salsa music , although he has worked in other genres of the music industry as well .
John Mylong ( September 27 , 1892 - -September 1975 ) was an Austrian actor who later settled in the United States .
Pejman Akbarzadeh ( Persian : پژمان اكبرزاده‎‎ ) is a Persian - Dutch pianist , researcher , journalist and radio producer .
John D. Lamond is an Australian film director , producer and writer best known for directing such films as Felicity , A Slice of Life , Breakfast in Paris and Nightmares .
Arun Kumar Aravind is an Indian film director , editor and producer who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema .
Lúcás Ó Dalláin ( fl . 14th century ) was an Irish historian .
Bogdan Irkük a.k.a . BULGARI ( Богдан Иркук а.к.а. БУЛГАРИ ) is a Bulgarian musician / producer / DJ . He has previously performed under the name BULGARI .
Rabbi Samuel M. Stahl ( born August 25 , 1939 ) is rabbi emeritus of Temple Beth - El ( San Antonio , Texas ) since 2002 .
Rex De Rosselli ( May 1 , 1878 -- July 21 , 1941 ) , was an American actor of the silent era .
Julianna Raye is an American songwriter , singer and occasional actress .
Fred Fondren ( May 16 , 1948 -- June 8 , 1992 ) was an American actor who died at the age of 44 .
Bill Leavy ( pronounced LEE - vee ) is a retired American football official who officiated in the National Football League ( NFL ) from the 1995 through 2014 seasons , wore uniform number 127 , and is also a retired San Jose , California police officer and firefighter , serving for 27 years .
Robert Evans , better known by his stage names DJ Bless and Sutter Kain , is an American rapper and producer from Queens , New York .
Ed Sneed ( born August 6 , 1944 ) is an American professional golfer , sportscaster and course design consultant , who played on the PGA Tour and the Champions Tour .
Willie Stein was an American television producer and songwriter .
Erik Durschmied is a cinematographer , producer , director and also an author , military history professor and a former war correspondent for BBC , CBS .
Louis - Claude Daquin ( or D'Aquino , d'Aquin , d'Acquin ; July 4 , 1694 -- June 15 , 1772 ) was a French composer of Jewish ancestry , writing in the Baroque and Galant styles .
Susan Hahn is a bestselling Illinois poet , playwright and novelist .
Fred Swan is an American painter who resides in Barre , Vermont .
Naomi Achu is a Cameroonian singer , rapper , and songwriter .
William Aughe Ghere , known as Will Geer ( March 9 , 1902 -- April 22 , 1978 ) , was an American actor and social activist , known for his portrayal of Grandpa Zebulon Tyler Walton in the 1970s TV series The Waltons .
Baltasar Corrada del Río ( born April 10 , 1935 in Morovis , Puerto Rico ) is a former politician from Puerto Rico .
Phaenias of Eresus ( Ancient Greek : Φαινίας ὁ Ἐρέσιος , Phainias ; also Phanias ) was a Greek philosopher from Lesbos , important as an immediate follower of and commentator on Aristotle .
Father Gabriel Richard ( October 15 , 1767 -- September 13 , 1832 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and founder of the University of Michigan who became a Delegate from Michigan Territory to the U.S. House of Representatives .
Gregg Araki ( born December 17 , 1959 ) is an American independent filmmaker and film director involved heavily with New Queer Cinema .
Lorene Scafaria ( born May 1 , 1978 ) is an American screenwriter , playwright , actress , singer , and film director .
Mark Korven is a Canadian musician and composer for film and television .
Robert Margalis ( born February 8 , 1982 ) is an American medley swimmer who won the gold medal in the men 's 400-meter individual medley event at the 2003 Pan American Games .
Paul H. Wendler ( March 9 , 1917 -- March 13 , 2013 ) was a politician from Michigan who served as Mayor of Saginaw , as well as on the city council , and was a noted community philanthropist who was instrumental in bringing hockey to the city .
Helena Znaniecki Lopata ( October 1 , 1925 - February 12 , 2003 ) was a Polish - born American sociologist , author and researcher .
Dr Neil Christie is a British archaeologist and historian , and a Reader in Archeology at the University of Leicester .
Michael Waylon Lowe ( born on October 31 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist .
Robert Hays ( born July 24 , 1947 ) is an American actor , perhaps best known for his role as pilot Ted Striker in the film Airplane ! ( also known as ' Flying High ' ) and for his role as Robert Seaver in Homeward Bound :
Abdul Karim Mustaghni ( July 11 , 1911 -- January 13 , 2004 ) was an Afghan scientist and politician .
Diane Francis is an American - Canadian journalist , author and editor - at - large for the National Post newspaper since 1998.In addition she is a non - resident Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council in Washington DC within its Dinu Patriciu Eurasia Center .
Antonio D. James , ( born June 3 , 1985 ) is a Black American film director from Memphis , TN .
Mohammed Sabila is a Moroccan writer and philosopher who was born in Casablanca .
Johannes Hint ( born Johannes Rudolph Hint ; September 20 , 1914 -- died September 5 , 1985 ) was an Estonian scientist and the only person to create and successfully run a limited company under the communist planned economy of the Soviet Union .
Ramveer Rai ( born December 1 , 1987 ) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer , who has played one One Day International and one first class match for UAE .
Giovanni Picca ( Ascoli Piceno , February 14 , 1840 -- 1910 ) was an Italian painter and scenographer .
Robin Reardon is an American novelist who writes stories about gay teens .
Bas Sheva ( July 25 , 1925 -- February 11 , 1960 ) , the stage name of Bernice Kanefsky , was a Jewish - American singer , prominent in the 1950s .
Walter L. Cohen , Sr . ( January 22 , 1860 -- December 29 , 1930 ) was an African - American Republican politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Louisiana .
Marta Aibeková ( born June 22 , 1947 ) is a Czech - born politician in Slovakia .
Raul Rebane ( born 6 October 1953 in Pärnu ) is an Estonian journalist and communication consultant .
Namrata Shrestha is a Nepalese model and actress , known for her roles in Nepali films including the romantic film November Rain released in 2014 .
Taj Noor is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer , who has predominantly scored music for Tamil films .
David Von Ancken is an American film , television director and screenwriter .
Ander Monson is an American novelist , poet , and nonfiction writer .
Sagari Chhabra is an Indian writer and film director .
Aelianus Tacticus (; fl . 2nd century AD ) , also known as Aelian ( ) , was a Greek military writer who lived in Rome .
Erika Ervin ( born February 23 , 1979 ) , known professionally as Amazon Eve , is an American transgender model , fitness trainer , and actress .
Conrad Mandsager ( born July 18 , 1953 ) is an American entrepreneur and innovator who is the founder and current president and CEO of ChildVoice International , a Christian humanitarian relief and development organization seeking to restore the voices of children silenced by war .
Joanie Pallatto is a Chicago based singer born in Xenia , Ohio .
Jack Meda was a boxer from British Columbia , Canada in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Gen Olson ( born May 20 , 1938 ) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 33 , which included portions of Hennepin and Wright counties in the western Twin Cities metropolitan area .
About 1571 Laurence Bruce was appointed sheriff ( the anglicised equivalent to the actual Norn - Scottish title of Foud or `` faud '' , coming from the Norse term ' fogde ' , meaning approximately bailiff ) of the Shetland Islands by Earl Robert .
Thomas Aquinas Flannery ( May 10 , 1918 -- September 20 , 2007 ) was a United States federal judge .
Bryan Konietzko ( born June 1 , 1975 ) is an American animation director , writer , producer and musician .
Carl Zillier ( April 18 , 1838 -- April 15 , 1914 ) was an American newspaper editor and politician .
Reverend Freakchild is a New York City - based musician , singer , and songwriter , known for writing and performing a distinct style of the blues incorporating elements of psychedelic music , country music , and the blues .
Leochares ( Greek : Λεοχάρης ) was a Greek sculptor from Athens , who lived in the 4th century BC .
Brenn Hill ( born May 26 , 1976 in Ogden , Utah ) is an American Western music singer - songwriter specialising in country and cowboy music ..
Martin Zellar ( born June 14 , 1963 ) is a Minnesota - based musician and songwriter .
Thomas Boissy is a French singer and songwriter who mixes Acoustic , Folk , Pop and Rock music .
Louis Payne , also known as Lou Payne , was an American character actor of the silent and sound film eras , as well as legitimate theater .
Stephen Minot ( May 27 , 1927 -- December 1 , 2010 ) was an American novelist and short story author .
Pieter van Avont , also Peeter van Avont , ( 1600 - -1652 ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman and printmaker during the Baroque era .
Carmit Bachar ( Hebrew : כרמית בכר‎ ; born September 4 , 1974 ) is an American singer , dancer , model , actress and showgirl .
Carl Gerlinger , Sr . was an American businessperson in the U.S. state of Oregon in the early 20th century .
Majida El Roumi released her ninth official album in 1998 , titled `` Ouhibbouka Wa Ba'd '' ( I Love You And More ) , working in the title song with Saudi poet Al Nasser and composer / singer Abdel Rab Idriss , who also produced .
Carsten Graff is a Danish author and columnist .
Jim Rugg ( born February 1 , 1977 ) is an American cartoonist and illustrator from Pittsburgh known for his tongue - in - cheek evocation of 1970s - era comics and pop culture .
Kiro Urdin ( Macedonian : Киро Урдин ; born 1945 in Strumica , Macedonia ) is a visual , multimedia artist and film director .
Alvaro Mexia was a 17th - century Spanish explorer and cartographer of the east coast of Florida .
Takanori Okoshi ( 大越孝敬 ; born September 16 , 1932 ) is a noted Japanese professor of electrical engineering , now retired , and an amateur composer of over 30 pieces of chamber music for quartet or sextet .
Axel Madsen ( May 27 , 1930 -- April 23 , 2007 ) was a Danish - American biographer and journalist .
Her mother later married actor John Southall , by whom she had a daughter , Georganne Southall , Cher 's half - sister .
Mary Dumont an American chef based in New Hampshire .
Theodora Roosevelt Keogh O'Toole Rauchfuss ( June 30 , 1919 -- January 5 , 2008 ) was an American novelist writing under her first married name , Theodora Keogh , in the 1950s and 1960s .
Simon Bacher ( Hungarian : Bacher Simon ; February 1 , 1823 , Liptovský Mikuláš - November 9 , 1891 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian Neo - Hebraic poet .
Victor Jackovich ( born April 24 , 1948 ) is an American diplomat and former ambassador who was the first United States Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hiram Emory Widener Jr. ( April 20 , 1923 -- September 19 , 2007 ) was a United States federal judge and then a Senior Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
Nathan Issac Zand ( born December 11 , 1981 ) , also known as Nosson Zand , is an American Chasidic rapper from Boston , Massachusetts .
Tamara Thorne ( born August 1957 in Los Angeles , California ) , who also writes under the nom de plume Chris Curry , is a well - known , bestselling American horror writer .
George Robotham ( January 10 , 1921 -- February 1 , 2007 ) was an American stuntman and actor .
Barry Commoner ( May 28 , 1917 -- September 30 , 2012 ) was an American biologist , college professor , and politician .
Stuart Cavilla is a Gibraltarian bass guitarist .
John Macrory Magrath , also known by his Gaelic name Seán mac Ruaidhri Mac Craith ( fl . 14th - century ) , was an Irish historian known as the author of Caithréim Thoirdhealbhaigh .
Della Street is the fictional secretary of Perry Mason in the long - running series of novels , short stories , films , and radio and television programs featuring the fictional defense attorney created by Erle Stanley Gardner .
Edner Brutus ( 1911 - 1980 ) was a Haitian politician , diplomat , and historian .
Majeed Amjad ( Urdu : مجید امجد‎ ) ( June 29 , 1914 -- May 11 , 1974 ) was an acclaimed Urdu poet from Pakistan .
William Morris Davis ( February 12 , 1850 -- February 5 , 1934 ) was an American geographer , geologist , geomorphologist , and meteorologist , often called the `` father of American geography '' .
Ignacio Barrios ( March 10 , 1930 -- January 22 , 2013 ) was a Mexican painter mostly known for his absolute commitment to watercolour painting .
Ignazio Ferronetti ( born 1908 ) was an Italian film editor and director .
Dick Duerrstein is an American painter of Disney Fine Art , who worked as the Creative Director for the Walt Disney Company 's Consumer Products Division for more than 2 decades .
Patrick Reynolds , professionally known as Plain Pat , is an American music executive , record producer and songwriter , perhaps best known for managing the early careers of Kanye West and Kid Cudi .
Pagan Kennedy ( born c. 1963 ) is an American columnist and author , and pioneer of the 1990s zine movement .
Elisha Ward ( June 20 , 1804 Poultney , Rutland County , Vermont -- January 25 , 1860 Silver Creek , Chautauqua County , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Fil Ge ( sometimes mistakenly spelled Phil G. ) is a Caribbean - American singer and songwriter from Las Vegas , Nevada .
Samantha Cole ( October 19 , 1978 ) is an American dance - pop singer / songwriter and actress .
George A. Billings ( November 22 , 1870 - April 15 , 1934 ) was an American actor noted for his portrayals of Abraham Lincoln in 1920s films , commencing with the 1924 film The Dramatic Life of Abraham Lincoln .
Jerzy Płaczkiewicz ( April 18 , 1946 , Katowice ) - contemporary Polish historian of music , radio personality , and author of songs .
Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best - selling author of sixteen books , television writer , film director , and entrepreneur based in Greenwich Village , New York City .
Nick Constantine Maniatty better known by his mononym Nicco is an American singer , songwriter with pop , Europop , dance , reggae , house and electronic influences .
Niescier Sakałoŭski ( Belarusian : Несьцер Сакалоўскі , Russian : Нестор Соколовский ; 9 November 1902 -- 1950 ) was a Belarusian composer .
Fernando Larrazábal Bretón ( born August 11 , 1962 ) is a Mexican politician born in Oaxaca who has served as mayor of San Nicolás and was a member of Nuevo León 's Congress in 2009 .
Nandini Srikar ( born 10 August 1967 ) is an Indian singer , composer and guitarist .
Brandon Visher ( born May 6 , 1984 ) is an Hawaiian mixed martial artist .
John H. Frey ( born in Greenwich , Connecticut , on February 8 , 1963 ) is an American Real Estate Broker , businessman and politician .
Kathleen Barry ( born January 22 , 1941 ) is an American sociologist and feminist .
Stan Kugell is an American investor , entrepreneur , inventor , and computer scientist .
Lee Garrett ( born September 1 , 1948 , Mississippi ) is an American rhythm and blues singer - songwriter , most famous for co - writing the song `` Signed , Sealed , Delivered I 'm Yours '' .
Irwin D. Mandel ( April 9 , 1922 , Brooklyn - May 26 , 2011 , Montclair , New Jersey ) was an American biochemist and dentist who was known for his reaearch on the biochemistry of saliva .
At age 19 , Roger Hodgson made his first appearance in a recording studio as guitarist for People Like Us , a band he joined shortly after leaving boarding school .
Marmaduke Lumley ( died 1450 ) was an English priest , Bishop of Carlisle from 1429 to 1450 .
René Highway helped to create the role of Nanabush in his brother 's play The Rez Sisters ( 1986 ) , and was the choreographer for Dry Lips Oughta Move to Kapuskasing ( 1989 ) .
Cora Wilson Stewart ( January 17 , 1875 -- December 2 , 1958 ) was an American progressive era social reformer and educator who is well known for her work to eliminate adult illiteracy .
Charles Durborow was a record setting distance swimmer from Philadelphia .
Sunil Nayar is an Indian American television writer and producer , most notable for his work on CSI :
Charles B. Perry was an American lawyer from Wauwatosa , Wisconsin who served as a Republican member and Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Marco Lara Klahr is a Mexican professor and journalist .
Kwon You - ri ( also Gwon Yu - ri , Korean : 권 유리 ; born July 30 , 1989 ) is a South Korean swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle and butterfly events .
From Yugoslavia , Wolfgang Leonhard then went on to West Germany , where he worked as a political writer and as an expert on Eastern Europe .
Michael Medor ( born May 23 , 1982 in Port Louis ) is an amateur Mauritian lightweight boxer .
Kenny Kweens is an American musician who is best known for his nine - year tenure as bassist in the hard rock band Beautiful Creatures .
Manfred Freiherr von Killinger ( July 14 , 1886 -- September 2 , 1944 ) was a German naval officer , Freikorps leader , military writer and Nazi politician .
Ernest Mingione is an American actor mainly known for portraying police officers .
Zinny J. Zan ( born Bo Stagman on January 18 , 1964 and earlier known as Bosse Belsen ) is a Swedish rock / glam metal singer who is the former lead - singer for Shotgun Messiah and is currently the founder and frontman for Zan Clan and reunited Easy Action .
Mark Maclaine ( aka The Silence ) is a British film director , music producer , founder of Tutorfair and writer .
Jeff Munn is an American public address announcer for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball and the former public address announcer for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association .
Heinrich Edmund Naumann ( September 11 , 1854 -- February 1 , 1927 ) was a German geologist , regarded as the `` father of Japanese geology '' in Meiji period Japan .
A Toronto - based Human rights lawyer , Paul Copeland is widely known as the defence attorney of security certificate detainee Mohamed Harkat , and an avid supporter of legal aid .
Beryl Gaffney ( born April 1 , 1930 ) is a former Canadian politician and public servant .
Susan von der Lippe ( born July 5 , 1965 ) , née Susan Gerard Rapp , is an American competition swimmer , Olympic medalist , and Masters world record - holder in multiple events .
Maxfield Parrish ( July 25 , 1870 -- March 30 , 1966 ) was an American painter and illustrator active in the first half of the 20th century .
Saurabh Shukla ( born 5 March 1963 ) is an Indian film , theatre and television actor , director and screenwriter .
Karel Čáslavský ( January 28 , 1937 -- January 2 , 2013 ) was a Czech film historian and television host .
Jessie Andrews ( born March 22 , 1992 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , jewelry designer , club DJ and model .
Diana Penty ( pronounced ( ɖaːjnaː peːnʈiː ) ; born 2 November 1985 ) is an Indian model and film actress who appears in Bollywood films .
Samuel Medary ( February 25 , 1801 -- November 7 , 1864 ) was an American newspaper owner and politician .
Clayton McMichen ( January 26 , 1900 - January 4 , 1970 ) was an American fiddler and country musician .
Mae Azango is a Liberian journalist for FrontPage Africa .
Joseph Wright Alsop VI , Ian Alsop , Elizabeth Winthrop Alsop children 's book author , Stewart Alsop II investor and pundit , Richard Nicholas Alsop missionary with FamilyLife , and Andrew Alsop .
Juan de Alcega ( 16th century ) was a tailor and mathematician from Basque country ( Spain ) .
Michael Andrew Fox , OC ( born June 9 , 1961 ) , known as Michael J. Fox , is a Canadian - American actor , author , producer , and advocate .
Nancy Montuori Stein is a film director and producer , best known for her film Stealing Innocence which has received more than 20 film festival awards .
Mohsen Armin ( Persian : محسن آرمین‎ ) is an Iranian politician .
Malcolm Campbell , professionally known as Paul Oxley , is an English songwriter , lyricist and producer living in Helsinki , Finland .
Rebecca Newman is an English soprano singer and songwriter .
Jay Manuel ( born August 14 , 1972 ) is a Canadian American make - up artist .
Marie - Antoinette Demagnez ( 1869 - -1925 ) was a French sculptor who worked during the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Michael Benz is an English / American television and stage actor with dual citizenship .
Aluri Chakrapani or Aluri Venkata Subbarao ( August 5 , 1908 -- September 24 , 1975 ) was an Indian film multilingual writer , producer and director known for his works in predominantly in Telugu cinema & he won 2 Filmfare Awards for Telugu films .
Walter Hotot ( fl . 1390 ) of Exton , Devon , was an English politician .
Rita Lee ( born Rita Lee Jones , December 31 , 1947 ) is a Brazilian rock singer and composer .
Shibani Bathija is an Indian screenwriter famous for her works in Bollywood films such as Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna , My Name Is Khan and Fanaa .
Hannah Marie Wormington ( September 5 , 1914 -- May 31 , 1994 ) was an American archaeologist known for her writings and fieldwork on southwestern and Paleo - Indians archaeology over a long career that lasted almost sixty years .
Daniela Carpio Fischer ( born January 21 , 1983 in Guatemala City , Guatemala ) , known as Daniela Carpio , is a Guatemalan singer - songwriter , model , and TV Host .
Sava Babić ( Cyrillic : Сaвa Бaбић , Palić , January 27 , 1934 -- Beograd , November 23 , 2012 ) , was a Serbian writer , poet , translator and university professor .
Brian Francis Slattery is an American writer and an editor at The New Haven Review .
Mike Hayley is a comedian , impressionist , actor and writer .
Martin Tobias is a business entrepreneur and venture capitalist .
John Moors Cabot ( December 11 , 1901 -- February 24 , 1981 ) was an American diplomat and U.S. Ambassador to four nations during the Eisenhower and Kennedy administration .
Charles Taylor Sherman ( February 3 , 1811 - January 1 , 1879 ) was a 19th - century Ohio lawyer and judge .
Robert Jaffray ( January 23 , 1832 -- December 16 , 1914 ) was a Canadian grocer , publisher ( The Globe ) , and politician .
Kate Cordsen credits this time as a model as both the beginning of her education in photography and as formative in understanding Japanese aesthetics .
Ana Crysna da Silva Romero ( born May 4 , 1988 in Luanda ) is an Angolan swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Robert Digges Wimberly Connor ( September 26 , 1878 -- February 25 , 1950 ) was an American historian and the first Archivist of the United States , 1934 - 1941 .
Jorge Bonaldi ( born June 28 , 1949 , Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan guitarist , singer , composer of popular music and music journalist .
Derek Ball ( died July 26 , 1989 ) was a British sound engineer .
Gabe Loeffelholz ( November 11 , 1940 ) is an American Republican politician from Wisconsin Born in the town of Paris , Grant County , Wisconsin , Loeffelholz served in the Wisconsin National Guard .
Edward Yeung is a Chinese - American chemist who studies spectroscopy and chromatography .
Dan Demole ( born 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur , co - founder and COO of Jingle Punks Music .
Cathleen Galgiani ( born January 4 , 1964 ) is an American politician who currently serves in the California State Senate .
Steven M. Costantino ( born 1957 ) is an American politician who is a former Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives , representing the 8th District since 1995 .
Gawdat al - Malt is an Egyptian politician who was reported by Thomson Reuters to have been appointed as Minister of Finance on 31 January 2011 .
Rose Marie was especially close to actor Richard Deacon from that show and offered him the suits left behind when her husband died in 1964 , as the two men were of similar height and build .
Mo Willems ( born February 11 , 1968 ) is an American writer , animator , and creator of children 's books .
Robert Maynicke ( d. September 30 , 1913 ) was an American architect .
Harry Dodge ( born 1966 , San Francisco , California ) is an American sculptor , performer , video artist , and writer .
Albert Azaryan ( Armenian : Ալբերտ Ազարյան ) ( born February 11 , 1929 ) is a former Soviet Armenian artistic gymnast who competed internationally representing the Soviet Union .
Johann Christian Konrad von Hofmann ( December 21 , 1810 -- December 20 , 1877 ) was a Lutheran theologian and historian .
Shadrach Pryce was a Welsh Anglican priest and educationalist in the last part of the 19th century and the first decade of the 20th .
Fabrizio Tosini ( born November 30 , 1969 ) is an Italian bobsledder who has competed since 1989 .
Kurt Kanaskie ( born April 14 , 1958 ) , is an assistant head men 's basketball coach at Virginia Tech . Prior to coaching the Hokies , Kanaskie held head coaching positions at Penn State , Drake , Indiana ( Pa ) and Lock Haven .
Chitra Singh ( born Shome ) is a well known Indian ghazal singer .
Laxmanshastri Balaji Joshi ( Devanagari : लक्ष्मणशास्त्री बाळाजी जोशी ) ( January 27 , 1901 -- May 27 , 1994 ) was a Sanskritist , Vedic scholar , thinker and Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Al Wohlman was a film and theatre actor ; he was also a vaudeville performer .
Smita Tambe ( Marathi:स्मिता तांबे ) is a well - known Marathi & Hindi film , television and stage actor , born in the Satara district of Maharashtra .
Zach Paxson is a singer - songwriter born and raised in Lisbon , Ohio , United States .
Édouard Viénot was a successful society portrait painter with a studio at 92 rue de la Victoire , Paris .
Derri Daugherty ( born October 13 , 1958 ) is an American record producer , songwriter , guitarist and singer , best known as the lead singer and guitarist for band The Choir .
Candy Dawson Boyd ( born August 8 , 1946 ) is an American writer , activist and educator .
James Wattana ( born January 17 , 1970 , as Wattana Pu - Ob - Orm , then renamed Ratchapol Pu - Ob - Orm in 2003 ) is a Thai former professional snooker player .
Emmanuel Tumusiime - Mutebile PhD , is a Ugandan economist and banker .
Robert Mapplethorpe ( /ˈmeɪpəlˌθɔːrp/ ; November 4 , 1946 -- March 9 , 1989 ) was an American photographer , known for his sensitive yet blunt treatment of controversial subject - mater in the large - scale , highly stylized black and white medium of photography .
Lesley Brennan is a Scottish Labour Party politician and Member of the Scottish Parliament for the North East Scotland electoral region .
Nouhad Wadie ' Haddad ( ) ( born November 20 , 1934 ) , known as Fairuz ( ) , also spelled Fairouz , Feyrouz or Fayrouz , is a Lebanese singer who is one of the most widely admired and deeply respected living singers in the Arab world .
Quest Couch ( born January 10 , 1950 ) is an American writer , photographer , and inventor .
Frank J. Oteri ( born May 12 , 1964 ) is a composer based in New York City .
José Antonio Meade Kuribreña is a Mexican economist , lawyer and diplomat and current Mexican Secretary of Social Development .
Norair Nurikyan ( Bulgarian : Норайр Нурикян ; Armenian : Նորայր Նուրիկյան , born July 26 , 1948 ) was a Bulgarian weightlifter of Armenian descent .
Donald Perry Polsky , FAIA ( September 30 , 1928 - ) , is an American architect noted for his mid - century modern style .
Stefan de Leval Jezierski ( born March 22 , 1954 ) is an American horn player and currently the longest serving hornist of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra ( Berliner Philharmoniker ) .
Terry Golway is a Kean University professor , historian , author , and a journalist , having served as a columnist and editorial board member for The New York Times and a long - time editor and writer at The New York Observer .
Leyb Gorfinkel ( March 14 , 1896 -- September 7 , 1976 ; also known as Leib Garfunkel and Levas Garfunkelis in Lithuanian ) was an advocate , journalist , and politician .
Andy Offutt Irwin ( born 1957 ) is an American storyteller , arts educator , singer - songwriter and humorist .
Rezwan Kabir is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes known on scoresheets by his nickname Rumi .
Felipe Fuentes ( born May 25 , 1971 ) is a Democratic politician from the San Fernando Valley in the U.S. state of California , currently a member of the Los Angeles City Council from the 7th district .
Nayana Shakya ( Nepali : नयना शाक्य ) ( born May 10 , 1982 ) is a Nepalese former swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke events .
Costante Adolfo Bossi ( 1876 -- 1953 ) was an Italian organist , composer and teacher .
Chris Thomas King ( born October 14 , 1962 ) is an American New Orleans , Louisiana - based blues musician and actor .
Mikhail Shibanov ( Russian : Михаил Шибанов ) was a Russian painter active during the 1780s ; a portrait of Count Alexander Dmitriev - Mamonov of which he is known to be the author dates to about this time .
Kathryn Wolfe is an English television director , author and university lecturer .
Sólveig Arnarsdóttir is the daughter of Icelandic actor Arnar Jónsson and Icelandic actress and politician Þórhildur Þorleifsdóttir .
Will Janowitz ( born May 25 , 1980 ) is an American film , television and stage actor as well as a writer .
Harden Cooper was an American football coach and player who served as an assistant for several college programs , and was the head coach of Brazosport High School in Freeport , Texas where he led the team to the 1965 state AAAA semifinals .
Fermin Rocker ( December 22 , 1907 -- October 18 , 2004 ) was a painter and book illustrator .
Bedrettin Dalan ( born 1941 ) is a Turkish engineer , former politician and the first mayor of Greater Istanbul .
Emilio Estevez ( /ɛˈmiːljoʊ ˈɛstᵻvɛz/ ; born May 12 , 1962 ) is an American actor , director , and writer .
Lovro Karaula was a Croatian friar from Bosnia .
Michael Grecco ( born May 20 , 1968 ) is an American photographer , film director and author .
Stephen Prentice is an English screenwriter best known for writing the low budget horror comedy Tormented .
Mary Bond Davis ( born June 3 , 1958 ) is a singer , actor , and dancer from Los Angeles , California .
Roy Chiu Tse ( born 14 October 1981 ) is a Taiwanese actor , singer , and racing driver .
Carolyn Carlson ( born 1943 ) is an American contemporary dance choreographer , performer , and poet .
Kim Walker - Smith ( born December 19 , 1981 as Kimberlee Dawn Walker ) is an American singer , songwriter , worship leader , and recording artist .
He was ordained a priest and then became bishop of Clermont in 666 with the approval of Childeric II . Praejectus founded monasteries , hospitals , and churches .
John Rushby is a British computer scientist now based in the United States and working for SRI International .
Jacob Lawrence ( September 7 , 1917 -- June 9 , 2000 ) was an African - American painter known for his portrayal of African - American life .
Michael De Luca ( born August 13 , 1965 ) is an American movie producer and screenwriter .
Ouk Rabun is a Cambodian politician and the current Minister of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries .
Ardaseer Cursetjee ( Wadia ) FRS ( October 6 , 1808 -- November 16 , 1877 ) was an Indian shipbuilder and engineer .
Yang Yanyin ( Chinese : 杨衍银 ; December , 1947 - ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
January Suchodolski ( September 19 , 1797 -- March 20 , 1875 ) was a Polish painter and Army officer .
Kazuhiro Yamakura ( 山倉 和博 , born September 2 , 1955 ) is a former Japanese professional baseball player .
Elliot Lawrence ( born Elliott Lawrence Broza , February 14 , 1925 ) is an American jazz pianist and bandleader .
Ivan Klinec ( born May 13 , 1961 ) is a Slovak economist , forecaster and futurist .
Justin Boller ( born December 6 , 1983 ) , also known as Sky , is an American Grammy nominated record producer , singer and GMA Dove Award - winning songwriter .
Michał Rutkowski ( born October 20 , 1959 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish economist and a World Bank Director for Multilateral Organizations in Washington , DC . He recently was World Bank country director for the Russian Federation and a resident representative in Moscow ( 2012 - 15 ) .
Uzi Rubin ( born 1937 ) is an Israeli defense engineer and analyst .
Paolo Bailetti ( born 15 July 1980 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for the UCI Professional Continental team Utensilnord .
Alain Roux ( born 27 March 1968 ) , is a British Michelin starred chef , and chef - patron of The Waterside Inn .
Lorne Elliott is a Canadian comedian , musician , author , and award - winning playwright .
David Zellner is an American film director , screenwriter and actor .
John Gallant is a lacrosse player and captain of the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League .
Timothy James M. Dimacali , ( born April 17 , 1980 ) better known as TJ Dimacali , is a Filipino writer who has received recognition both as a science journalist and as a creative writer specializing in science fiction .
An economist by training , François - Xavier Verschave was responsible from 1983 for economic policy and employment policy at Saint - Fons municipality , located in the suburbs of Lyon .
Brian Cyr ( born June 30 , 1956 in New Glasgow , Nova Scotia ) is a former Canadian darts player who represented Canada in the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship .
Jack Martin Smith ( January 2 , 1911 - November 7 , 1993 ) was a highly successful Hollywood art director with over 130 films to his credit and nine Academy Award nominations which ultimately yielded three Oscars .
Johanna Jurva ( born May 16 , 1977 in Vantaa ) is a Finnish politician representing the True Finns and member of the Vantaa City Council .
Forbes Collins is a versatile British character actor , seen in supporting roles .
Steve Cauthen ( born May 1 , 1960 ) is an American jockey who is now retired .
Buğra Gülsoy ( born February 22 , 1982 ) is a Turkish actor , architect , director , graphic designer and photographer .
Cecilia Chailly ( born February 2 , 1960 ) is an Italian harpist , composer , singer and writer .
Amin Maher ( Persian : امین ماهر‎‎ , born in 1992 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian artist , poet and filmmaker .
R. Avudaiyappan is an Indian politician and former speaker of Tamil Nadu Assembly .
Kit Downes is a British jazz pianist .
Harold MacGrath ( September 4 , 1871 -- October 30 , 1932 ) was a bestselling American novelist , short story writer , and screenwriter .
Nick Samaras is a poet and essayist , the son of Bishop Kallistos Samaras , a prominent Greek Orthodox Clergyman and theologian .
Mort Ransen ( born August 16 , 1933 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian film and television director and screenwriter , best known for his Genie Award - winning 1995 film Margaret 's Museum .
Vekeana Dhillon is a screenwriter , television presenter and actress .
Erastus Brigham Bigelow ( April 2 , 1814 -- December 6 , 1879 ) was an American inventor of weaving machines .
Laurits S. Swenson ( June 12 , 1865 - -November 4 , 1947 ) was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to Norway , the Netherlands , Switzerland and Denmark .
Katie Compton ( born December 3 , 1978 ) is an American bicycle racer .
John Heussenstamm , ( born December 28 , 1953 ) is an American guitarist and music educator .
Rhys Brydydd ( fl . mid-15th century ) was a Welsh language poet from Tir Iarll , Glamorgan , south Wales .
Andrew Calandrelli , Jr. is an American mixed martial artist currently competing for Bellator MMA in their lightweight division .
Thomas H. Bender is an American historian , specializing in urban history and intellectual history .
Ana Sofia Lopes Malhoa Moreira known as Ana Malhoa ( born August 6 , 1979 ) is a Portuguese singer - songwriter , TV host , actress and businesswoman .
Kanata Okajima ( born July 7 , 1984 ) is a Japanese singer and songwriter raised in Tokyo , today based in Malmö , Sweden .
John Koethe ( born December 25 , 1945 ) is an American poet , essayist and professor of philosophy at the University of Wisconsin--
Karl Rudolf Stehlin , also a member of the Council of States , and Johann Jakob Stehlin junior , a noted architect .
Kenan Işık ( born October 1 , 1947 ) is a leading Turkish actor , anchorman , author , director , dubbing artist , screenwriter , and television host .
James Leija ( born July 8 , 1966 and better known as Jesse James Leija ) , is a retired American professional boxer .
Thomas Friedli ( June 30 , 1946 -- April 14 , 2008 ) was an internationally renowned Swiss clarinetist .
Maria Magdalena Matthey Correa , known professionally as Magdalena Matthey ( born September 28 , 1971 , Santiago ) , is a Chilean singer - songwriter .
David Peart is a British actor , notable for his television and stage ( The Audience ) work .
In 2004 , Cruickshank was at the centre of a controversy when historian Marc Morris pointed out that a documentary about Harlech Castle shown on BBC4 and billed as `` written and presented by Dan Cruickshank '' contained obvious borrowings from Morris 's earlier Channel 4 series , Castle .
Writing from Loughrea on 5 November 1838 , John O'Donovan gave the following account of Abbot Henry Ó Cormacáin : `` Henry O'Gormacain was abbot , at the time of the general suppression on Monastries .
Tibor Pogácsás ( born April 4 , 1964 ) is a Hungarian engineer and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Monor ( Pest County Constituency VII then X ) from 1998 to 2002 and since 2010 .
Tim Knopp ( born September 30 , 1965 ) is an American Republican politician who is a current member of the Oregon Senate , representing the 27th District .
Julian Barratt Pettifer ( born 4 May 1968 ) , known professionally as Julian Barratt , is an English comedian , actor , musician , music producer and member of surreal comedy troupe The Mighty Boosh .
George Quasha is an American artist and poet who works across media , exploring a principle in common within language , sculpture , drawing , video , sound and music , installation , and performance .
Yota Sato is a retired Japanese professional boxer who was a former WBC Super flyweight Champion .
K. Natraj is an Indian film actor and film director primarily worked in Tamil - language .
Ma Jianfei ( Chinese : 马剑飞 , born 24 July 1984 ) is a Chinese fencer , silver medallist in the 2014 World Fencing Championships at Kazan and team silver medallist in the 2011 World Fencing Championships at Catania .
Ali El Haggar ( Arabic,علي الحجار , born in 1953 . He is an Egyptian singer , artist , composer , and actor .
Lloyd McNeill ( born in Washington , D.C. ) is a Jazz flutist and visual artist currently based in New York City .
Dato ' Zainol Fadzi Paharudin is the current President Perak Football Association and a Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) , the leading party in the ruling Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition .
Tan Lee Yu Gary is a swimmer from Singapore who holds several national swimming records in Singapore .
Daniel Donche , Jr. ( born October 25 , 1979 ) is an American author , screenwriter , actor and artist .
Gregorio de Laferrère ( March 8 , 1867 -- November 30 , 1913 ) was an Argentine politician and playwright .
Dali Jazi ( Arabic : الدالي الجازي / ALA - LC : ad - Dālī al - Jāzī ; December 7 , 1942 -- March 9 , 2007 ) was a Tunisian politician , jurist , and political scientist .
Daniel Gómez Rinaldi : ( b. November 19 , 1965 in San Martín , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine journalist who has worked as actor sometimes .
Fernandus Payne ( February 13 , 1881 -- October 13 , 1977 ) was an American zoologist , geneticist and educator .
Kris Rampersad is a writer , researcher , lecturer , journalist , publisher , activist and advocate from Trinidad and Tobago .
Charles Jeter , is an American politician , and business executive .
Mario Losada was an Argentine politician , who served as senator and president of the UCR .
Marc Gartman is a singer - songwriter and film director from New York City .
Jackie Bethards was a pre - World War II African American professional basketball player from Philadelphia .
Bassel Khartabil ( Arabic : باسل خرطبيل‎ ) , also known as Bassel Safadi ( Arabic : باسل صفدي‎ ) , ( born May 22 , 1981 ) is a Palestinian Syrian open - source software developer .
Réal Bossé is a Canadian actor from Quebec who performs mostly in francophone films and television .
Ezzatolah Entezami ( Persian : عزت‌الله انتظامی‎ , born June 21 , 1924 ) is an Iranian actor .
London May ( born July 20 , 1967 ) , is an American rock musician ( drums ) .
Robin Thede is an American comedic actress , writer , sketch and improvisational comedian .
Pongsak Maneetong ( Thai : พงษ์ศักดิ์ มณีทอง , born May 3 , 1986 ) is a Thai weightlifter .
Jeannie Drake , Baroness Drake CBE ( born 16 January 1948 ) is a British trade unionist and Labour life peer in the House of Lords .
Kevin Kiner ( born September 3 , 1958 ) is an American film and television composer best known for scoring CSI :
John Swihart is an American musical composer for film and television .
Robyn Creswell is an American critic , scholar and translator .
Paul D. Wohlers is an American diplomat who served from 2011 to 2015 as the United States Ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia , stationed at the U.S. Embassy in Skopje .
The Master of the Bamberg Altar ( fl . ca . 1420 - 1440 ) was a German painter active in the Nuremberg area .
Brian Jun ( born October 21 , 1979 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , film editor and producer .
Ron Finley is a Los Angeles - based fashion designer to professional athletes , and a collector of original blaxploitation posters .
Jeffrey Goodman is an independent American archaeologist with training in geology and archaeology .
Mehdi Hamama ( Arabic : مهدي حمامة‎ ; born May 7 , 1985 ) is an Algerian swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Michael Mercurio ( born January 8 , 1972 ) is an American actor who has appeared in film , theatre , and television , often portraying psychologically disturbed characters .
Colonel Joe D. Dowdy was the commanding officer of the Regimental Combat Team 1 ( RCT-1 ) during the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
Dorothy Jane Roberts ( May 8 , 1929 -- September 5 , 1984 ) was an American author , poet , self - proclaimed psychic , and spirit medium , who claimed to channel an energy personality who called himself `` Seth . ''
Peter Orlando Hutchinson ( 1810 - 1897 ) was an English Victorian diarist and artist .
Samson Jones , better known as Jonesmann , is a German rapper .
Amy Heller is a Tibetologist and art historian .
J. D. Slater is an American gay pornographic film director as well as an accomplished soundtrack composer who co - founded Raging Stallion Studios with Chris Ward in 1999 .
Lewis Jennings was an American gunsmith of 19th century who improved on the repeating rifle mechanism of Walter Hunt , but did not get any prominence among the armed forces .
Carsten Haitzler ( born 1975 ) , known as Raster or Rasterman to the open source community , is an Australian - German software engineer , best known for initiating and leading the development of the Enlightenment window manager and its libraries .
O'Malley remained in the U.S. , known professionally as J. Pat O'Malley ( to avoid confusion with another film actor named Pat O'Malley ) , he had a long and varied acting career including the film Lassie Come Home in 1943 as `` Hynes '' .
Jennie Muskett is a British Emmy winning and Bafta nominated film and TV composer .
William H. Doherty ( August 21 , 1907 -- February 15 , 2000 ) was an American electrical engineer noted for his invention of the Doherty amplifier .
Misterioso Jr. ( Birthdate unknown ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler , who is also referred to as Misterioso II . Misterioso Jr. is the nephew of Misterioso who wore a similar mask until losing it in 1997 .
Steve Willaert is a Belgian composer , arranger , musician and producer .
George Duke ( January 12 , 1946 -- August 5 , 2013 ) was an American musician , known as a keyboard pioneer , composer , singer and producer in both jazz and popular mainstream musical genres .
Vijita Fernando is a Sri Lankan journalist , translator and fiction writer .
Michel Rodrigue , aka Rodrigue , is Franco - Belgian comics artist .
McCandless comes from a musical family : his father , also named Paul McCandless , was also an oboist and English hornist , and his grandfather also played the oboe .
Amod Mehra is an Indian trade analyst and film journalist .
Gerrit Smith Miller , Jr. ( December 6 , 1869 -- February 24 , 1956 ) was an American zoologist and botanist .
Alberto Flores Galindo ( Bellavista , Callao , May 28 , 1949 - Lima , March 26 , 1990 ) was a famous Peruvian historian , social scientist , and essay writer .
Neill W. Macaulay , Jr. PhD ( April 10 , 1935 in South Carolina -- October 28 , 2007 in Micanopy , Florida ) was a writer , professor and a former lieutenant in Fidel Castro 's 26th of July Movement Army .
Gary Styczynski is a professional poker player of Polish American descent who won a World Series of Poker bracelet in the $ 1,500 Limit Poker Hold'em event in 2007 .
Karen Anette Stai , born 24 March 1961 , is a Norwegian model .
Joe Andoe ( born 1955 ) is an American artist , painter , and author .
Denny Ray Canterbury , Jr. ( born February 19 , 1969 in Charleston , West Virginia ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 42 since January 12 , 2013 .
Freddie Burke Frederick ( January 13 , 1921 in San Francisco -- January 31 , 1986 in Glendale , California ) was an American child actor .
Dwight Boyer ( November 18 , 1912 in Elyria , Ohio -- October 15 , 1978 in Willoughby , Ohio ) was a reporter and marine historian of the Great Lakes .
Wang Baoqiang ( simplified Chinese : 王宝强 ; traditional Chinese : 王寶強 ; pinyin : Wáng Bǎoqiáng ; born April 29 , 1984 ) is a Chinese actor .
Ebrima Manneh is a Gambian journalist believed by human rights organizations to have been arrested in July 2006 and secretly held in custody since then .
Allen Williamson ( fl . c. 1970 ) is a former Oklahoma politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1966 to 1974 .
Patrick Vernay is a New Caledonian triathlete .
Ernesto Serra ( 1860 - 1915 ) was an Italian genre , landscape and portrait painter from Varallo Sesia , Province of Vercelli in the Piemonte Region .
Márcia Mendes ( July 6 , 1945 , in Mato Grosso do Sul -- July 6 , 1979 , in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian actress and journalist .
Ricardo Chávez is a Mexican actor who has worked in theater , television and film .
Rosemary Victoria Schofield is a British author , biographer , and military historian .
Azizah Y. al - Hibri is an American philosopher and academic whose specialty is Islam and law .
Jeanne Larsen ( born 1950 in Washington , D.C. ) is a poet , novelist , translator , and essayist .
Louise Closser Hale ( October 13 , 1872 -- July 26 , 1933 ) was an American actress , playwright and novelist .
Lewis Mokler ( born 20 May 1993 ) is an English R&B / Pop singer and songwriter going under the name of HUNTAR based in London , UK .
Jolyon Connell is a former Sunday Telegraph and Sunday Times journalist who left Fleet Street to found The Week in 1995 , the news digest magazine which was ultimately purchased by his mentor and guide , the late publisher and poet Felix Dennis .
Symeon Pekalytsky ( Ukrainian : Симеон Пекалицький ) , sometimes Semen Pekalytsky ( Ukrainian : Семен Пекалицький ) ( born c. 1630 ) was a Ukrainian composer , choral director and teacher .
Sven Libaek is an Australian composer , record producer and musician .
Donald Briggs ( Jan. 28 , 1911 - - Feb. 3 , 1986 ) was an American actor , who appeared in over 75 films and television shows between the 1930s and 1970s .
Hugh Lawson White Hill ( March 1 , 1810 - January 18 , 1892 ) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for Tennessee 's 4th congressional district .
Graham Brightwell is a British mathematician working in the field of discrete mathematics .
János Kornai , until 1945 János Kornhauser ( born January 21 , 1928 ) , is an economist noted for his analysis and criticism of the command economies of Eastern European communist states .
Loene Carmen , also known as Lo Carmen , is an Australian singer , songwriter , musician and actress .
Mikko Silvennoinen is a Finnish television host , journalist and producer .
Kenia Arias ( born October 22 , 1982 ) , often referred to simply as Kenia ( /ˈkɛnjə/ KEN - ya ; is an American film , stage , television actress , businesswoman and singer - songwriter . Her music is distributed by the independent record label Tate Music Group .
Stephen Plunkett ( born September 1 , 1981 ) is an American theater and film actor .
Mohammad Khoshchehreh is an Iranian economist and politician .
Jillian Hervey ( born June 19 , 1989 ) is an American singer and member of the group Lion Babe .
Zadok Casey ( March 7 , 1796 -- September 4 , 1862 ) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Illinois from 1833 to 1843 .
Lazycame is the stage name and performing name of Scottish singer - songwriter William Reid .
Pope Clement VII made Juan Pardo de Tavera a cardinal priest at the consistory of 22 February 1531 .
T. Jackson King is a professional archeologist , journalist , poet and author who is a graduate of UCLA ( M.A. 1976 ) and the University of Tennessee ( B.Sc . 1971 ) .
Cliff Bowes , also known as Clifford Bowes , was an American silent film actor .
Romolo Calabrese , is an Italian architect , active nationally and internationally in the design field and in theoretical debate .
Bennett Harrison ( June 27 , 1942 Jersey City -- January 17 , 1999 , Brooklyn Heights ) was a leading economist , physicist , astronomer , and writer .
Beaumont Newhall ( June 22 , 1908 -- February 26 , 1993 ) was an American curator , art historian , writer , and photographer .
Kazimierz Łaski ( December 15 , 1921 -- October 20 , 2015 ) was a Polish - Austrian economist .
Richard Allan Ream ( born August 8 , 1961 ) , better known by the stage name Rikki Rockett , is an American drummer for the multi - platinum selling glam metal band , Poison .
Heidi Groskreutz ( born September 3 , 1981 ) is an American ballroom dancer , specializing in the fields of Latin and swing dancing .
Casey Barnes is an Australian singer - songwriter from Gold Coast , Queensland who was a contestant on the 2009 season of Australian Idol .
Christopher Shannon is a London - based Liverpudlian fashion designer specialising in menswear .
Richard Kuranda is an American director and artist of stage , cinema and television .
Mark Kurlansky ( December 7 , 1948 ) is an American journalist and writer of general interest non - fiction .
Phil McNulty is a Liverpool - born sports journalist .
Henry Inigo Triggs ( 1876 - -1923 ) was an English country house architect and designer of formal gardens , and author .
Madeline Triffon is an American wine specialist and sommelier .
Scott Kirchner ( born August 27 , 1969 ) is an American darts player .
Michael Gaster FRS is a British aerospace engineer , and Professor of Experimental Aerodynamics , at City University , London .
Paula Fox ( born April 22 , 1923 ) is an American writer of novels for adults and children and of two memoirs .
Bob Yari ( Persian : باب یاری‎‎ ; born May 30 , 1961 ) is an Iranian - born American film producer .
John Mills Pearson ( October 7 , 1832 -- June 4 , 1910 ) was an American politician and Mason from Massachusetts .
Mary Ann Sampson is an American artist living and working in Ragland , Alabama .
Justine Palframan ( born 4 November 1993 in Pietermaritzburg ) is a South African sprinter specialising in the 200 and 400 metres .
Jan Krist is an American singer - songwriter from Detroit , Michigan whose music is primarily folk .
William Burke - White is a US - American law professor and policy advisor .
Paul Cavonis ( born December 4 , 1937 ) is an American actor who has appeared in over 30 movies and television series .
Elspeth Denning ( OAM ) ( née Swain , also known as Elspeth Denning - Clement and Elspeth Clement - Denning ) is a former Western Australian field hockey player .
Nicholas Viscardi ( October 20 , 1920 -- November 3 , 2013 ) , known professionally as Nick Cardy and Nick Cardi , was an American comic book artist best known for his DC Comics work on Aquaman , the Teen Titans and other major characters .
Simon J. Ortiz ( born May 27 , 1941 ) is a Puebloan writer of the Acoma Pueblo tribe , and one of the key figures in the second wave of what has been called the Native American Renaissance .
Paul Mazzio ( born 1959/60 ) is an American jazz trumpeter , based in Portland , Oregon .
Letticia Martinez ( born July 16 , 1995 ) is an American Paralympic swimmer who is both long course and short course American record holder .
Stella Kilonzo is a Kenyan accountant and business administrator .
His son , William Ward Burrows II , was a decorated officer in the United States Navy .
Harry Bugin ( March 10 , 1929 -- October 6 , 2005 ) was an American film , stage and television actor and musician .
George A. Abert ( May 10 , 1817 -- October 14 , 1890 ) was an American manufacturer and politician .
Curley Walker ( 4 February 1894 -- 1973 ) was a British boxer who was British bantamweight champion between 1914 and 1915 .
David Crichton ( born October 20 , 1983 ) is a professional freestyle skier and former member of the Canadian National Development Ski Team for freestyle mogul skiing .
Rocco Gardner is a British - born entrepreneur and musician .
Francesco Gamba ( December 21 , 1818 -- May 10 , 1887 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of seascapes .
Tristan Tafel is a Canadian freestyle skier specializing in ski cross .
Jean Arbault was a French mathematician who worked on the convergence of trigonometric series and who introduced Arbault sets .
Paul ApSimon is a Canadian fencer who was the Canadian Fencing Team Leader for the 2000 Olympic Games .
Tony E. Scales , Jr ( born June 13 , 1983 ) , professionally known as Chef Tone , is an American songwriter and record producer .
Danuta Joppek is a Polish artist and painter .
Jason Joseph Francis Carlos Diaz Ejercito ( born June 4 , 1992 ) better known as Kiko Estrada is a Filipino television and film actor , known for his role in Tween Hearts in GMA , Angelito :
Conor McNamara is an Irish sports commentator who lives in Manchester , United Kingdom .
Chiara Banchini is a Swiss violinist , involved in the historical performance practice movement .
Alik Sakharov ( Russian : Aлик Сахаров ) ( born May 17 , 1959 ) is a Soviet - born American television director .
Juan de Triana ( fl . 1460 to 1500 ) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance period , active in the second half of the 15th century during the reign of the Catholic Monarchs .
Joseph Hinks was a British inventor , working in Birmingham .
Jane Silverstein Ries ( 1909 - -2005 ) , also known professionally as Julia Jane Silverstein , was an American landscape architect who was the first woman licensed in Colorado as a professional landscape architect .
Andrés Vallejo Arcos is an Ecuadorian lawyer , journalist and politician who served as the Mayor of Quito .
Petrache Poenaru ( Romanian pronunciation : ( peˈtrake po.eˈnaru ) ; 1799 - -1875 ) was a Romanian inventor of the Enlightenment era .
Miguel Mena ( born November 6 , 1986 in Lima , Peru ) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing who has been competing in the United States since 2003 .
Jorge Agustín Nicolás Ruiz de Santayana y Borrás , known as George Santayana ( December 16 , 1863 -- September 26 , 1952 ) , was a philosopher , essayist , poet , and novelist .
Jaime Dauncey ( born November 20 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler , best known for her appearances with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling in 2006 under the ring name , Sirelda .
Marius Žaromskis ( born July 30 , 1980 ) is a Lithuanian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator 's Welterweight division .
Todd McMullen is an American camera operator and cinematographer .
Stephen Dingate ( birth and death details unknown ) was a leading English cricketer of the mid - Georgian period .
Moritz Ludwig Frankenheim ( June 29 , 1801 -- January 14 , 1869 ) was a German physicist , geographer , and crystallographer .
Netty Simons ( née Rothenberg ) ( b. 26 October 1913 , d. 1994 ) was an American pianist , music editor , music educator and composer .
Parker Boyiddle , Jr. is a Kiowa / Wichita / Delaware / Chicksaw painter from Chickasha , Oklahoma , who has played a pivotal role in mid-20th century Native American art .
James Laube is an American wine critic , writing for Wine Spectator since 1980 , a full - time staff writer since 1983 , with expertise on California wine .
Echoes , '' ( Bare Hands Gallery , Birmingham , AL ) her work was shown with Janice Kluge ( sculptor ) , Lucy Jaffe ( painter ) , and Sonja Rieger ( photographer ) and Marie Weaver ( printmaker ) .
Sayed Mohammad Reza Kordestani ( Persian : سیدمحمدرضا کردستانی‎‎ 1893 - July 3 , 1924 ) was a Iranian political writer and poet , with pen name of Mirzadeh Eshghi ( Persian : میرزاده عشقی‎‎ ) .
Johan Hultin is a retired pathologist known for discovering tissues containing traces of the 1918 influenza virus that killed millions worldwide , and for this he has been described as the `` Indiana Jones of the scientific set . ''
Nathaniel Parker Willis ( January 20 , 1806 -- January 20 , 1867 ) , also known as N. P. Willis , was an American author , poet and editor who worked with several notable American writers including Edgar Allan Poe and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
Leo Hickman was a journalist with The Guardian , writing The Eco Audit blog within the Guardian environment group of blogs .
Henry Wigstead ( died 1800 at Margate ) was an English Magistrate amateur painter & caricaturist .
Lindley Miller Garrison ( November 28 , 1864 -- October 19 , 1932 ) was a New Jersey lawyer who served as Secretary of War under U.S. President Woodrow Wilson between 1913 and 1916 .
Sandra Equihua ( born January 1976 ) is a Mexican animator and painter .
Vic Batchelder ( August 27 , 1940 -- October 11 , 2001 ) was a British ice hockey journalist .
Fernando Flávio Marques de Almeida ( February 18 , 1916 -- August 2 , 2013 ) was a Brazilian geologist considered to be one of the top Brazilians concerned with the study .
Armando Guerrero Llanes ( born July 7 , 1952 ) , better known as Mando Guerrero , is a retired Mexican born American professional wrestler .
Colin MacNeil is a British comics artist , best known for his work on 2000 AD and in particular on Judge Dredd and other stories within his world like Shimura and Devlin Waugh .
Sandy Collora ( born August 8 , 1968 ) is an American film director and design artist , best known for the independent short film Batman :
Alexander Smallens ( January 1 , 1889 -- November 24 , 1972 ) was a Russian - born American conductor and music director .
Michèle Moser ( born February 14 , 1979 as Michèle Knobel ) is a Swiss curler and Olympic medalist .
Cal McCrystal is a British theatre director and actor .
Furkan Ulaş Memiş ( born April 22 , 1991 ) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the bantamweight division .
Mikhail Ikonnikov ( Russian : Михаил Степанович Иконников ; Ukrainian : Михайло Степанович Іконніков , Mykhailo Stepanovych Ikonnikov ) was a Kiev Guberniya architect , once famous among Kiev city residents .
Diane Sinclair ( April 6 , 1921 , Brooklyn , New York -- May 14 , 2011 , Elmhurst , New York ) was an American actress and dancer from 1939 through the 1950s .
Jack Rush ( born February 3 , 1966 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American non - fiction writer , screenwriter , and actor , who has appeared in tv shows , films , and stage plays since the early 1980s .
Basil Twist is a New York City - based puppeteer who is best known for his underwater puppet show , `` Symphonie Fantastique '' .
Anirvan Ghosh ( Bengali : অনির্বাণ ঘোষ ) is an American neuroscientist of Indian descent .
Magnus Volk ( 1851 - -1937 ) was a pioneer British electrical engineer .
Abraham Watkins Venable ( October 17 , 1799 -- February 24 , 1876 ) was a nineteenth - century US politician and lawyer from North Carolina .
Anthony Scaduto is a journalist and biographer of rock musicians who also writes under the name Tony Sciacca .
Fritz Knipschildt is a Danish chef and chocolatier .
Loudia Laarman ( born October 4 , 1991 ) is a Canadian sprinter of Caribbean origin who specializes in the 100 metres , 200 metres and 4×100 m relay .
Timothy McVeigh & the Tragedy at Oklahoma City , he stated he decapitated an Iraqi soldier with cannon fire on his first day in the war and celebrated .
Trish Tilby is a television news reporter , and predominantly seen working for CBNC ( an obvious allusion to CNBC News Network , due to the logo , as well as accidentally being called CNBC in an issue of X - Men vol . 2 ) .
Juha Hernesniemi ( born 1947 ) is a Finnish neurosurgeon , chairman and professor of the neurosurgery department in Helsinki .
Sharon Brous is a Los Angeles based American rabbi .
Wu Xiubo ( Chinese : 吴秀波 ; pinyin : Wú Xiù Bō ) , ( born 5 September 1968 ) , is a Chinese actor , musician and producer .
Christopher Hooley FLSW FRS ( born August 7 , 1928 ) is a British mathematician , emeritus professor of mathematics at Cardiff University .
William Ramsey Clark ( born December 18 , 1927 ) is an American lawyer , activist and former federal government official .
Graham Roumieu is a Canadian illustrator based in Toronto , Ontario .
Cedric Antonio Kyles ( born April 24 , 1964 ) , better known by the stage name Cedric the Entertainer , is an American actor , comedian , director , and game show host .
Osiris Rodríguez Castillos ( July 21 , 1925 - October 10 , 1996 ) was a Uruguayan writer , poet , composer and singer .
Dr. Jane Katz is an educator , author , and world - class competitive and long distance swimmer .
Petar Majstorović ( born 5 February 1975 ) is a Croatian heavyweight karateka and kickboxer .
Bernard Hoffer ( born October 14 , 1934 ) is a Swiss - born American composer and conductor .
Robert Hautman is an American painter , residing in western Minnesota .
Donna Dresch is an American punk rock musician , perhaps best known as founder , guitarist and bass guitarist of Team Dresch .
Royston Wee ( born November 15 , 1986 ) is a Singaporean mixed martial artist , currently competing as a bantamweight .
Yves Préfontaine ( b in Montreal , Quebec 1 Feb 1937 ) is a Canadian writer based in Quebec .
Winfried Otto Schumann ( May 20 , 1888 -- September 22 , 1974 ) was a German physicist who predicted the Schumann resonances , a series of low - frequency resonances caused by lightning discharges in the atmosphere .
Escolastico Calvo was a Panamanian journalist and editor .
Henry Smith Munroe ( March 25 , 1850 -- May 4 , 1933 ) ( born Henry Maynard Smith ) was an American geologist who worked in Meiji period Japan as a foreign advisor to the Japanese government .
Reid Carolin is an American film producer , director and screenwriter .
Jean - Claude Floch ( September 25 , 1953- ) , known as Floc'h , is a French illustrator , comics artist , and writer .
Behnam Tashakkor ( Persian : بهنام تشکر‎‎ , born 1977 ) is an Iranian actor .
James William Abert ( November 18 , 1820 -- August 10 , 1897 ) was an American soldier , explorer , ornithologist and topographical artist .
Dan Bilefsky is a London - based reporter for The New York Times .
Mario Agustín Fernández Sánchez is a Bolivian composer who was born in 1958 .
William Becknell ( 1787 or 1788 - -30 April 1865 ) was a soldier , politician , and freight operator who is credited with opening the Santa Fe Trail in 1821.The Santa Fe Trail was a 19th - century transportation route through central North America that connected Franklin , Missouri with Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Nicolas Collins ( born March 26 , 1954 in New York City ) is a composer of mostly electronic music and former student of Alvin Lucier .
Alison Des Forges ( née Liebhafsky ) ( August 20 , 1942 -- February 12 , 2009 ) was an American historian and human rights activist who specialized in the African Great Lakes region , particularly the 1994 Rwandan Genocide .
Steve Kavanagh ( born in Oakville , Ontario ) was a Canadian figure skater who competed in ice dance .
Petr Vasiliev ( also Pyotr Vasiliev , Uzbek : Пётр Васильев ; born April 21 , 1981 ) is an Uzbek former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle events .
Joseph E. LeDoux ( born December 7 , 1949 ) is an American neuroscientist whose research is primarily focused on the biological underpinnings of emotion and memory , especially brain mechanisms related to fear and anxiety .
John Henry Kreitler , also credited as John Henry , is an American television composer and song writer .
Nic Andrews is an American pornographic film director .
Guitar Slim , Jr. ( born Rodney Glynn Armstrong , 1951 , New Orleans , Louisiana , United States ) is an American New Orleans blues guitarist and singer .
William Hopkinson Cox ( October 22 , 1856 -- October 13 , 1950 ) was an American politician , who served as the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky from 1907 to 1911 , under Governor Augustus E. Willson .
Sarah Masen is an American singer - songwriter originally from the suburbs of Detroit , Michigan .
Kjerstin Dellert ( born November 4 , 1925 ) is a Swedish opera singer and theater manager .
Niña Pastori is a Spanish flamenco singer ( cantaora ) .
Eleanor Joanne Daley , or simply Eleanor Daley , as she is more widely known and publicized , ( born in Parry Sound , Ontario on April 21 , 1955 ) is a Canadian composer of choral and church music , a church choirmaster , choral clinician and accompanist .
Guy Marchant ( also Gui or Guyot ; in Latin Guido Mercator ) was a printer of books , active in Paris from 1483 to 1505/1506 .
Iurii Zakharov ( also Yuriy Zaharov , Russian : Юрий Захаров ; born December 1 , 1985 ) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke and individual medley events .
Peter C. Perdue ( born 1949 ) is an American author , professor , and historian .
Peter Duchan is an American playwright and screenwriter , best known for the film Breaking Upwards and the musical Dogfight .
Wayne Morgan ( born October 7 , 1950 ) was the Iowa State University men 's basketball coach from 2003 to 2006 .
Orrin Grimmell Judd ( September 6 , 1906 -- July 7 , 1976 ) was a lawyer who served for eight years as a federal judge in the Eastern District of New York .
Allan Pollok - Morris FRSA is a documentary photographer .
Victor Milner , A.S.C. ( December 15 , 1893 -- October 29 , 1972 ) ( sometimes Victor Miller ) was an American cinematographer .
Kermit Roosevelt III ( born July 14 , 1971 ) is an American teacher , writer , author , and lawyer .
Jackson Narcomey was a Muscogee Creek painter and printmaker from Oklahoma .
Dr Bernard Whimpress is an Australian historian , most active in the area of sports history .
Vladimir Dubossarsky ( Russian : Владимир Дубосарский ) ( 1964 ) is a Russian painter working in pop art genre .
Kristiane Allert - Wybranietz ( born 1955 ) is a writer and poet .
Abhi Subedi ( Nepali : अभि सुवेदी ; born on June 30 , 1945 ) is a Nepali poet , playwright , linguist , translator and critic , who writes in Nepali and English .
George Tames ( January 21 , 1919 -- February 23 , 1994 ) was an American photographer for The New York Times from 1945 - 1985 .
Dana Mase is an American pop singer and songwriter .
Natalie Turner is a Canadian animator , effects animator , and animation professor .
Marcel Carrière ( born April 16 , 1935 ) is a Canadian film director and sound engineer .
George Gladstone , also known as George Gladstone Marais , ( January 14 , 1901 , Jamaica -- May 19 , 1978 , Kingston , Jamaica ) was a West Indian cricketer who played in one Test in 1930 .
Omar Doom ( born June 29 , 1976 ) is an American actor , musician and artist .
Jérôme Franel ( 1859 - -1939 ) was a Swiss mathematician who specialised in analytic number theory .
Larry Claxton Flynt , Jr. ( born November 1 , 1942 ) is an American publisher and the president of Larry Flynt Publications ( LFP ) .
Ebbe Roe Smith is an American actor and screenwriter perhaps best known as the writer of the film Falling Down .
Andy Dehnart ( born August 26 , 1977 ) is an American journalist and television critic .
Rober Hatemo ( born December 25 , 1974 ) is a famed Turkish pop singer .
João Esteves da Veiga de Nápoles distinguished himself as a diplomat and later as member of the Privy Council of King John I of Portugal .
Antonio Meneses Saillant , ( born Alfonso Antonio Meneses ; August 17 , 1975 ) is an American actor , director , screenwriter , producer and green activist .
Robert E. McAfee is a general and vascular surgeon , physician and advocate for the prevention of family violence and the better healthcare , particularly for adolescents .
Graeme Bowbrick Q.C. ( born 1965 or 1966 ) is a Canadian lawyer , educator and former politician .
Lennox Godfrey Bird ( 1878 - -1956 ) was a British architect who was a prominent practitioner in Hong Kong .
Ernie Haase ( born December 12 , 1964 in Cynthiana , Indiana , grew up in Newburgh ) is an American singer .
Edward Seckerson is a British music journalist and radio presenter specialising in musical theatre .
Clodius Celsinus Adelphius or Adelfius ( fl . 333 - -351 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire .
Juli Crockett ( born August 1 , 1975 ) is an American playwright and theater director , retired professional boxer and amateur champion , lead singer of the alternative country band The Evangenitals , and producer of The 1 Second Film .
Roberto Rey ( February 15 , 1905 -- May 30 , 1972 ) was a Chilean film actor who worked in Spain , appearing in more than fifty films during his career including the 1935 musical Paloma Fair .
Austin John Winkler ( born October 25 , 1981 ) is an American singer - songwriter best known for being the former lead singer of the American rock band Hinder .
Bruce Jarchow ( born May 19 , 1948 ) is an American film and television actor , most notable for his role as Lyle Ferguson in the film Ghost .
Henry Wikoff ( c. 1811 - -1884 ) was an American traveler and writer .
Joy Angela Villa ( born April 25 , 1991 ) , better known by her stage name Princess Joy Villa , is a California - born American singer and songwriter living in New York .
Mark Buntzman is the film director , writer , producer and actor of the cult classic movie The Exterminator 2 , and was also the producer of the first , The Exterminator .
Lou Cass ( born April 20 , 1966 ) is an American actor and porn star .
Dominique Othenin - Girard ( born 13 February 1958 ) is a Swiss / French film director , producer and screenwriter .
Ana Clara Guerra Marques is an Angolan professional dancer .
Henry Petroski ( February 6 , 1942 ) is an American engineer specializing in failure analysis .
Victor Ray Wilson ( February 20 , 1959 -- April 30 , 1996 ) , better known as Beatmaster V , was the drummer of Body Count .
Ezekiel Giles ( born October 13 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Freekey Zekey , is an African - American rapper and music executive .
Eben Fiske Ostby ( born February 24 , 1955 ) is a pioneer computer graphics software developer , animator , and technical director for motion pictures .
Philip H. Goodman ( November 26 , 1914 -- May 1 , 1976 ) was an American politician , 42nd Mayor of the City of Baltimore and a member of the Maryland Senate .
Arnoldo Vizcaíno Rodríguez is a Mexican politician , founder and former chairman of the Party of the Democratic Revolution chapter in the state of Colima .
Antonio Rodríguez Salvador ( born December 22 , 1960 ) , is a poet , fiction writer , dramatist and essayist .
Marc Tanguay is a Canadian politician and a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the LaFontaine electoral district .
Jeanne Madden ( 1917 - -1989 ) was an American singer known for her roles in musical theatre .
Vlado Ursić , is a Croatian rugby union player .
Patrick Martin ( born May 23 , 1983 ) , is an American professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Alex Shelley .
Baron Lars Herman Gyllenhaal ( 1790 - -1858 ) was a Swedish civil servant , politician , friherre and a Lord of the Realm .
Margarita Maslennikova was a former Soviet cross - country skier who competed in the 1950s .
Antun Nalis ( February 9 , 1911 -- February 14 , 2000 ) , aka Tonči Nalis , was a Croatian actor .
Blake Colburn Wilbur ( May 29 , 1901 -- March 10 , 1974 ) was a surgeon and one of the founders of the Palo Alto Medical Clinic .
Garo Mafyan is ( born 1951 in Istanbul ) a famous Turkish musician and composer of Armenian descent .
Antônio Pecci Filho ( born July 6 , 1946 ) , better known as Toquinho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( toˈkĩɲu ) ) , is a Brazilian singer and guitarist .
Patrick Harpur ( July 14 , 1950 ; Windsor , England ) is an English writer .
RaVaughn Nichelle Brown is a singer - songwriter and actress from Carson , California initially signed to Ne - Yo 's imprint Compound University which includes artists such as Adrienne Bailon , who later moved to Columbia Records in 2011 .
Lisa Gutkin is a Grammy - award winning violinist , mostly known for her work with the American Klezmer band , The Klezmatics .
Florin Curta ( born January 16 , 1965 ) is a Romanian - born American historian , medievalist and archaeologist on Eastern Europe .
John Fante ( April 8 , 1909 -- May 8 , 1983 ) was an American novelist , short story writer and screenwriter of Italian descent .
João Zero ( born August 7 , 1950 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian cartoonist and illustrator journalist .
Rameswar Teli is an Indian politician from Assam , and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Jane Kirby was a Canadian figure skater who was the ladies gold medalist in the 1951 Canadian Figure Skating Championships .
Samin K. Sharma is a U.S. interventional cardiologist holding the American record for the highest number of complex coronary interventions performed annually , along with the highest angioplasty success rate in New York State .
Tony Platt is an English sound engineer and record producer , best known for his work with a diverse mix of artists , including Celtic Frost , AC / DC , Cheap Trick , Bob Marley , Iron Maiden , Shy , Buddy Guy , Foreigner , Sparks , Jazz Jamaica All Stars , Lillian Axe and Motörhead .
Robert Neuwirth is an American journalist , author , and investigative reporter .
Jamal Nebez ( Kurdish Cemal Nebez ) ( born 1933 ) is a Kurdish linguist , mathematician and writer .
Richard Levinson ( August 7 , 1934 -- March 12 , 1987 ) was an American writer and producer who often worked in collaboration with William Link .
Adrian Dearnell ( fr : Adrian Dearnell ) , a Franco - American financial journalist , is the founder and CEO of EuroBusiness Media , and former anchorman for several TV and radio stations such as Bloomberg TV .
Bruce Bagemihl is a Canadian biologist , linguist , and author of the book Biological Exuberance :
Tika Sumpter ( born Euphemia L. Sumpter ; June 20 , 1980 ) is an American actress , television host , and model .
Carlos Vaz Ferreira ( October 15 , 1872 -- January 3 , 1958 ) was an Uruguayan philosopher , writer , and academic .
Markus Mustonen is a musician who plays drums , keyboards , piano and sings backing vocals in the Swedish band Kent .
W. Stewart Campbell ( died February 11 , 2009 ) was an American production designer and art director .
Lyle Beerbohm ( born February 5 , 1979 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who has fought for Strikeforce , the World Series of Fighting , EliteXC , and King of the Cage .
Wendy Mae Chambers ( born January 24 , 1953 ) is an American composer , currently living in Harvey Cedars , New Jersey .
Joe Cheung Tung - cho ( 張同祖 ) is a Hong Kong director , producer , scriptwriter and actor .
Willow Dawson is a Canadian cartoonist and illustrator , whose works include The Big Green Book of the Big Blue Sea with author Helaine Becker ( Kids Can Press ) , Hyena in Petticoats :
Susan Gottesman is microbiologist at the National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) , which is part of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
Dirk Balthaus ( born Oberhausen , 1965 ) is a German jazz pianist .
Dan Hornbuckle ( born December 26 , 1980 ) is an American mixed martial artist , and a member of the Eastern Band Cherokee tribe .
During the 1960s , Robert Jay Lifton , together with his mentor Erik Erikson and MIT historian Bruce Mazlish , formed a group to apply psychology and psychoanalysis to the study of history .
Joseph Depew ( July 11 , 1912 -- October 30 , 1988 ) was an American television director and producer and actor .
Leonard Grant ( born June 25 , 1980 ) , better known by his stage name , Uncle Murda , is an American rapper from the Louis Pink housing Projects of East New York .
Marina Dzhashi is a Russian news anchor and journalist at RT . She holds a Masters in International Journalism from Westminster University , UK .
Martin Karplus ( born March 15 , 1930 ) is an Austrian - born American theoretical chemist .
Stephenie Meyer ( née Morgan ; /ˈmaɪ.ər/ ; born December 24 , 1973 ) is an American young - adult fiction writer and film producer , best known for her vampire romance series Twilight .
Henning von Gierke is a German painter , set designer , production designer and art director .
Joseph Pombo ( born in Mendi , Papua New Guinea ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Halswell Hornets in the Canterbury Rugby League .
Johnny Minick ( born July 8 , 1955 ) is an award - winning American gospel singer , songwriter , arranger , recording artist , record producer , and pastor .
Valentin Streltsov is a contemporary Ukrainian icon painter , working in the classical Byzantine style .
Erzsébet Menczer ( born September 29 , 1961 ) is a Hungarian journalist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Óbuda - Békásmegyer ( Budapest Constituency III ) from 2010 to 2014 .
James Clackson is a British linguist and Indo - Europeanist .
Viktor Gluck was a German cinematographer who worked on thirty three films between 1923 and 1934 .
Kurt Symanzik ( November 23 , 1923 -- October 25 , 1983 ) was a German physicist working in quantum field theory .
Elena Boeva is a Bulgarian model and actress based in New York , USA .
Marie Solange Pagonendji - Ndakala is a Central African Republic politician who is Minister of Development , Tourism and Crafts .
Helen Farnsworth Mears ( /mɪərs/ ; December 21 , 1872 -- February 17 , 1916 ) was an American sculptor .
Joe Denim ( born Joel Brentlinger on December 19 , 1974 ) is an American comedian / singer / songwriter who co - wrote the hit song `` Pray for You '' by Jaron & the Long Road to Love in 2009 which reached the Top 15 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts .
Daniel Bleichenbacher ( born 1964 ) is a Swiss cryptographer , previously a researcher at Bell Labs , and currently employed at Google .
Ninezero ( born Craig Andrew Schweizer , 18 October ) is an Australian rock / metal singer , songwriter and musician .
Dick A. Greco ( born September 14 , 1933 ) is a politician , businessman , and civic activist from Tampa , Florida .
The Master of the Rajhrad Altarpiece ( sometimes called the Master of Raigern ) was a Bohemian painter active in the region around Olomouc and Brno before 1420 .
Minon John ( born12 February 2000 ) is an Indian actor and artist , from Kerala , best known for his works in Malayalam films .
Jīn Xuěfēi ( simplified Chinese : 金雪飞 ; traditional Chinese : 金雪飛 ; born February 21 , 1956 ) is a contemporary Chinese - American poet and novelist using the pen name Ha Jin ( 哈金 ) .
Howard Dudley Hart ( born August 4 , 1968 ) is an American professional golfer with two PGA Tour wins in an injury - riddled career .
Emmanuel Ghent ( 1925 - -2003 ) was a pioneering composer of electronic music and a psychiatric practitioner , researcher , and teacher .
Paul Kelpe ( /ˈkɛl.piː/ ; January 15 , 1902 -- December 8 , 1985 ) was a German - born American abstract painter .
Édouard Lock ( born March 3 , 1954 , Morocco ) is a Canadian dance choreographer and the founder of the Canadian dance group , La La La Human Steps .
Talal Asad ( born 1932 ) is an anthropologist at the CUNY Graduate Center .
Karl Hasselmann ( 1883 - -1966 ) was a German cinematographer who worked on over a hundred films during a long career .
Kathy Diamond is a funk / disco house singer - songwriter from London , England .
Charles Peale Polk ( March 17 , 1767 -- May 6 , 1822 ) was a renowned American portrait painter and the nephew of artist Charles Willson Peale .
Segna di Bonaventura , also known as Segna de Bonaventura , and as Segna di Buonaventura , was an Italian painter of the Sienese School .
P. K. Dharmalingam is an Indian former cricketer .
James Lecesne ( born November 24 , 1954 ) is an American actor , author , screenwriter , and LGBT rights activist best known for his screenplay of the Academy - award winning short film Trevor .
Elizabeth Lawrie Smellie , CBE , RRC ( March 22 , 1884 -- March 5 , 1968 ) was a Canadian nurse , and the first woman to be promoted to the rank of colonel in the Canadian army .
Tom Salta is an American recording artist and soundtrack composer .
Christopher Lehmann - Haupt ( born 1934 ) is an American journalist , critic and novelist .
Marcel Dandeneau ( born June 28 , 1931 ) is an American educator and politician .
Rhashan Stone ( born November 3 , 1969 ) is an American - born British actor and comedian .
Doug Worgul ( born September 13 , 1953 ) is an American writer and editor based in Kansas City .
Gavin MacLeod ( born Allan George See ; February 28 , 1931 ) is an American film , television and character actor , ship 's ambassador , Christian activist and author , whose career spans six decades of television .
Gauthamadas Udipi is a professor and renowned psychiatrist in Chennai , India who has been conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Indian Medical Association , the largest single body of doctors in the world , for his contribution to psychosocial interventions in disasters , public awareness on mental health , medical education , and service to the community .
Graham Ibbeson is an artist and sculptor resident of Barnsley , South Yorkshire , England .
Elisabeth Popien is a German alto singer .
Diederik Aerts ( born April 17 , 1953 ) is a Belgian theoretical physicist and a professor at Brussels Free University ( Vrije Universiteit Brussel - VUB ) , where he directs the Center Leo Apostel for Interdisciplinary Studies ( CLEA ) .
Ferdinand Hipolito Navarro ( born January 4 , 1977 ) , better known as Vhong Navarro , is a Filipino comedian , actor , dancer , singer and TV host of ABS - CBN .
Julius Lenzberg ( January 3 , 1878 to April 24 , 1956 ) was a German - American composer of ragtime and jazz .
Ian Donovan ( born July 7 , 1976 ) is a Canadian politician who was an elected member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Little Bow .
James Hugh Loden ( born May 1 , 1929 ) , known professionally as Sonny James , is an American country music singer and songwriter best known for his 1957 hit , `` Young Love '' .
Brent Tyler is a lawyer in Quebec , Canada , known for his frequent court challenges to `` Bill 101 '' , Quebec 's Charter of the French Language temporarily disbarred in November 2011 for not completing the continuing education requirements .
Earle Dickson ( October 10 , 1892 - -September 21 , 1961 ) was an American inventor best known for creating Band - Aid ® brand adhesive bandages .
George Williams Brown PhD , LLD , FRSC ( 1894 - -1963 ) , was a Canadian historian and editor .
Teddy Infuhr ( November 9 , 1936 -- May 12 , 2007 ) , born Theodore Edward Infuhr , was an American child actor .
Sidney Harman ( August 4 , 1918 -- April 12 , 2011 ) was a Canadian - born American engineer and businessman active in education , government , industry , and publishing .
Anis Lounifi ( Arabic : أنيس الونيفي‎ ) ( born 7 January 1978 ) is a retired Tunisian judoka .
Sergio Arau ( born Alfonso Sergio Arau Corona ; November 14 , 1951 ) , also known as `` El Uyuyuy '' is a Mexican musician , singer - songwriter , screenwriter , film director , film producer , music producer , cartoonist , animator and painter .
Scott Huckabay is an American composer , acoustic electric guitarist and poet .
Alexander Kaletski is an American contemporary artist .
Stephan Berg ( born February 11 , 1957 ) , is a Swedish composer and song writer .
Igor Beretić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Беретић ) ( born May 31 , 1981 in Novi Sad , SR Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian swimmer .
Jean - François Batellier ( born 1947 in Paris ) is an independent `` political '' ( in the broadest sense ) cartoonist .
Viola Herms Drath ( 1920 - -2011 ) was a Washington , DC socialite , who started life as a playwright , then became a `` notable figure in German - American relations for over thirty years '' , and ended her life as a 91-year - old murder victim .
Yan Yinling ( simplified Chinese : 颜垠凌 ; traditional Chinese : 顔垠凌 ; pinyin : Yán Yínlíng , or in Japanese , Inrin ( インリン ) ; born February 15 , 1976 ) is a Japan - based Taiwanese swimsuit model , race queen , singer and former professional wrestler .
Hermes Pan ( December 10 , 1909 -- September 19 , 1990 ) was an American dancer and choreographer , principally remembered as Fred Astaire 's choreographic collaborator on the famous 1930s movie musicals starring Astaire and Ginger Rogers .
Aaron Burns ( born Houston , Texas , January 28 , 1985 ) is an American film producer , actor , film director , screenwriter , film editor , and cinematographer .
Peter B. Lawrence is a British amateur astronomer best known for his popularization of astronomy on the BBC 's The Sky at Night with Sir Patrick Moore , Paul Abel and Prof . Chris Lintott .
Momtaz Begum ( Bengali : মমতাজ বেগম ) is a Bangladeshi singer and producer of Bengali folk music .
Ross Hagen ( May 21 , 1938 -- May 7 , 2011 ) was an American voice actor , actor , director , screenwriter and producer whose television acting credits included Daktari .
Janis Ian ( born Janis Eddy Fink ; April 7 , 1951 ) is an American singer - songwriter who was mostly active in the 1960s and 1970s ; her most successful song At Seventeen , was released as a single from her 1975 album Between the Lines which reached number 1 on the Billboard chart .
Marta Marrero ( born May 18 , 1969 ) , known as Martika , is a singer - songwriter and actress , who released two internationally successful albums in the late 1980s and early 1990s , selling over four million copies worldwide .
Marc Egnal ( born December 11 , 1943 ) is an American historian , academic and a professor of history at York University , Toronto , Canada .
The Jena Painter was an ancient Greek vase painter , active in Athens around 400 BC . He mainly painted kylikes in the red - figure technique .
Clarita Crisostomo Dela Fuente - De Guzman ( born December 28 , 1958 ) , better known as Claire de la Fuente , is a Filipino singer who achieved celebrity status in the late 1970s with the jukebox hit `` Sayang '' .
Ronald E. Powaski is an American historian who has written on the 20th century foreign policies of the United States and Europe .
Erica Cho is a bi - coastal ( Philadelphia and Los Angeles ) visual artist , animator , and filmmaker .
Rohit Khosla is the first Indian fashion designer to launch a haute couture .
Allen Holubar ( August 3 , 1888 -- November 20 , 1923 ) was an American actor , film director and screenwriter of the silent film era .
Jessie Godderz ( born April 23 , 1986 ) also known as Mr. Pec - Tacular is an American professional wrestler signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) where he is a former two - time TNA World Tag Team Champion with Robbie E as The BroMans .
Yossi Dina ( Hebrew : יוסי דינה ) is an Israeli businessman , entrepreneur , and reality television personality who lives in Hollywood .
Donald Patrick Harvey II ( born May 31 , 1960 ) is an American actor and voice actor , known professionally as Don Harvey .
Sheizaf Rafaeli ( Hebrew : שיזף רפאלי‎ ) , is an Israeli researcher , scholar of computer - mediated communication , computer scientist , and newspaper columnist .
Louis Fitzhenry ( June 13 , 1870 - November 18 , 1935 ) was briefly a U.S. Representative from Illinois , and later a long - serving United States federal judge .
William Dennis Weaver ( June 4 , 1924 -- February 24 , 2006 ) was an American actor who was best known for his work in television .
George Shepard Chappell , AIA ( January 2 , 1877 -- November 25 , 1946 ) was an American architect , parodist , journalist ( with the magazine Vanity Fair ) and author .
Tomas van Houtryve is a Belgian documentary photographer and a member of VII Photo Agency .
Michael Licari is an American television composer and song writer .
Porfirio Piña ( born August 16 , 1965 ) , talent manager , entrepreneur , music advocate and artistic director .
Tom Lavin is a Chicago - born musician and record producer and founding member of the Juno Award winning ( 1981 ) Canadian group , the Powder Blues Band on Warner Brothers Records .
Sharon Harris is a libertarian political activist and president of the Advocates for Self - Government .
Abdul Nasser El Hakim ( Arabic : عبد الناصر الحكيم‎ ; born November 1 , 1960 ) is a Lebanese - born Curaçaoan businessman and politician .
Catherine Eddy Beveridge ( June 29 , 1881 -- May 28 , 1970 ) was a socialite and philanthropist who came from a prominent Chicago , Illinois family .
Don Gehman is an American record producer , best known for his work in the 1980s with John Mellencamp .
Jam Sadiq Ali ( Urdu : جام صادق علی ‎ ) was a politician from Sindh , Pakistan .
Michael Allen Gillespie is an American philosopher and Professor of Political Science and Philosophy at Duke University .
Suvendu Adhikari is an Indian politician and member of the 15th Lok Sabha and the 16th Lok Sabha .
Jim Ott ( born June 6 , 1947 ) is a Wisconsin politician and former television meteorologist .
Nicola Hicks ( born 1960 , London ) is an English sculptor .
Darrin Van Horn ( born September 7 , 1968 , in Morgan City , Louisiana ) is a retired professional boxer .
Deborah H. Gruenfeld is an American social psychologist whose work examines the way people are transformed by the organizations and social structures in which they work .
Vicki Vomit ( born Jens Hellmann , July 9 , 1963 , Trusetal ) is a German satirical musician and comedian .
Issandr El Amrani is a Moroccan - American political analyst , journalist and commentator , writing about Egypt and the Middle East for British , American and Middle Eastern publications .
Tracie Laymon is a screenwriter , producer and film director .
Herb Bergson is an American politician from Duluth , Minnesota , and former mayor of that city .
Liza Donnelly is an American cartoonist and writer , best known for her work in The New Yorker .
Wanda Sykes ( born March 7 , 1964 ) is an American comedian , writer , actress and voice artist .
Jacqueline Quinn is an Irish - born , New York - based , fashion designer and consultant .
Robert Pérez Palou , known as Robert Perez , ( born March 21 , 1948 ) is a Spanish portrait painter .
Diocles of Magnesia ( Greek : Διοκλῆς ) was an ancient Greek writer from Magnesia ad Sipylum , who probably lived in the 2nd or 1st century BC . The claim that he is the Diocles to whom Meleager of Gadara dedicated his anthology is questionable .
Steven Martini is a writer , actor , composer , editor , and singer / songwriter .
Bill Frakes is an American photographer who has been on the masthead of Sports Illustrated since 1993 .
Lewis deSoto ( born 1954 in San Bernardino , California ) is an American artist of Cahuilla Native American ancestry .
Alvin Seale ( July 8 , 1871 - July 28 , 1958 ) was a naturalist known for his aquarium design and as an ichthyologist .
Ryan Fogelsonger ( born May 26 , 1981 in Portsmouth , Virginia ) is an American Champion jockey in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing .
Maricel Presilla is a chef , culinary historian , and author .
Todd Gray is the executive chef and co - owner of Equinox , a restaurant in Washington , D.C.
Darren Korb ( born November 5 , 1983 ) is an American songwriter and composer best known for creating the music featured in Bastion and Transistor .
Greg Hampikian is a prominent American biologist and the founder and director of the Idaho Innocence Project .
Francina Díaz Mestre is a catwalk and photographic model , established in Barcelona , who worked in Spain and abroad in the 1960s and 70s .
Vance Packard ( May 22 , 1914 -- December 12 , 1996 ) was an American journalist , social critic , and author .
Scott L. McGregor is an American playwright , software and internet product designer ( co - inventor of Prescient Agents and Web Conferencing ) , entrepreneur and educator .
Les Beasley ( born August 16 , 1928 in Crockett , Texas ) was the lead singer and manager for the Florida Boys , a Southern Gospel quartet , since 1953 .
Bhushan Patel is a Bollywood film director , who has directed the horror film 1920 :
Pak Chi - eun ( born November 4 , 1983 ) is a South Korean professional Go player of 9-dan rank .
Rama Govindarajan , is an Indian scientist specialised in the field of Fluid Dynamics .
Claire Parker ( August 31 , 1906 -- October 3 , 1981 ) was an American engineer and animator .
Mohamed Mohamud Hayd ( Somali : Maxamed Maxamuud Xayd , Arabic : محمد محمود حيد‎ ) ( died July 3 , 2014 ) was a Somali politician and military officer .
Ernie Althoff is an Australian musician , composer , instrument builder , and visual artist .
Akmeemana Dayarathana Thero is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka . Thero was born in Akmeemana , Galle .
Shyam Pathak is a television actor and currently plays the role of Popatlal Pandey on the popular comedy show Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah on SAB TV .
Anna Belle Clement O'Brien ( May 6 , 1923 -- August 31 , 2009 ) was a Tennessee politician , nicknamed `` the first lady of Tennessee politics . ''
In 2010 , Kenny Scharf collaborated with Joe Grillo and Laura Grant of Dearraindrop , an artist collective from Virginia Beach , for a show at The Hole NYC curated by Kathy Grayson .
Ian Hornak ( January 9 , 1944 -- December 9 , 2002 ) was an American draughtsman , painter and printmaker and one of the founding artists of the Hyperrealist and Photorealist art movements .
Roseli Ocampo - Friedmann ( November 23 , 1937 -- September 4 , 2005 ) was a Filipino - American microbiologist and botanist who specialized in the study of cyanobacteria and extremophiles .
Mauricio Vila Dosal ( born October 30 , 2015 -- Mérida , Yucatán ) is a Mexican politician .
Pietro Calendino is a Canadian provincial and municipal politician currently serving as a city councillor in Burnaby , British Columbia .
Originally educated as a macro economist , Janne Teller worked for the United Nations and the European Union in conflict resolution and humanitarian issues around the World , particularly in Africa .
Alexandros Chrysafos was a Greek swimmer .
Bramah Joseph Diplock was an English inventor who invented the pedrail wheel in 1903 .
Andrew Allan Clyde , known as Andy Clyde ( March 25 , 1892 -- May 18 , 1967 ) , was a Scottish film and television actor whose career spanned more than four decades .
Muhammad Hamza Shahbaz Sharif ( Urdu : محمد حمزہ شہباز شریف‎ ) is a Pakistani politician and a Member of National Assembly of Pakistan in constituency no . NA-119 .
Jacques Borlée was a sprinter , specializing in 100 m , 200 m and 400 m , winning eight Belgian titles in total .
MelClaire Sy - Delfin , or better known as Claire Delfin , is a Filipino broadcast journalist from GMA Network , a popular TV network in the Philippines .
B. Vittaldas Shetty is an Indian politician who has been a minister in the Government of Karnataka .
Lonesome Bob ( aka Bob Chaney ) is a country rock singer - songwriter .
Paul Schattel is an American film director and screenwriter based in North Carolina .
Leroy Reams ( born August 11 , 1943 in Pine Bluff , Arkansas ) is a retired American professional baseball player .
Captain - major Jacques Felix was an explorer and pioneer of Brazil .
Reid Ewing ( born November 7 , 1988 ) is an American actor known for his recurring guest role as Dylan on the ABC comedy Modern Family .
Benjamin Hendrickson ( August 26 , 1950 -- July 3 , 2006 ) was an American actor known for playing Harold `` Hal '' Munson , Jr. , the Chief of Detectives for the mythical town of Oakdale on the daytime soap opera , As the World Turns .
Juan Francisco Amancio González y Escobar was a Roman Catholic priest responsible for the spiritual colonization of the Christians in Chaco .
Peter Sahlins ( born April 26 , 1957 ) is an American historian of France and Europe .
Timi Zhuo Yi - Ting ( born October 2 , 1981 ) is a singer and actress from Taiwan .
Czesław Wycech ( 1899 - -1977 ) was a Polish activist , politician and historian .
Kendyl Stewart ( born August 17 , 1994 ) is an American competitive swimmer who specializes in backstroke and butterfly events .
Necia H. Apfel ( born July 31 , 1930 ) is an American astronomer , author and educator .
Zygmunt Grodner ( born 12 January 1932 ) is a Polish fencer and physician .
Marian Cruger Coffin ( September 16 , 1876 -- February 2 , 1957 ) was one of the first American women to work as a professional landscape architect , and became famous for designing numerous gardens for members of the East Coast elite to whom she had connections through her mother 's side of the family .
Paul Kirchner ( born January 29 , 1952 ) is an American writer and illustrator who has worked in diverse areas , from comic strips and toy design to advertising and editorial art .
Ben Claassen III is a comics artist and illustrator originally from New Orleans , Louisiana who frequently works with non - traditional media such as stencils , long exposure photography , sign painting techniques , and the use of stop - motion animation via a Game Boy Camera .
M. K. Ramachandran is a writer from Thrissur , Kerala .
Jamal Mustafa ( born Terrance Ladd ) ( born May 6 , 1966 ) is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name , Mustafa Saed .
St. Julien Ravenel ( December 15 , 1819 -- March 16 , 1882 ) was an American physician and agricultural chemist .
F. Winold Reiss ( September 16 , 1886 -- August 23 , 1953 ) was a German - born American artist and graphic designer .
Kevin Tierney is an Irish - Canadian film producer from Montreal who earned a Genie Award for Best Motion Picture for the film Bon Cop , Bad Cop , for which he also wrote the script .
Yuriko Doi is a stage director , choreographer , performer and former founding artistic director of Theatre of Yugen ( San Francisco , California ) .
Tim Cavanaugh is a journalist and screenwriter based in Alexandria , Virginia .
Duston Spear , a native of Virginia , is an artist and activist residing in New York City .
Inès Lamunière ( 1954 ) is a Swiss architect and professor .
Piero Gamba , also called Pierino Gamba ( born 16 September 1936 ) , is an Italian orchestral conductor and pianist .
Ritesh Sidhwani ( born 1973 ) is a Bollywood film producer , who founded a film production house under the banner of Excel Entertainment Pvt . Ltd. Along with long - time friend Farhan Akhtar , he brought to the audience Dil Chahta Hai , his first film under his banner .
Butch Patrick ( born Patrick Alan Lilley ; August 2 , 1953 ) is an American former child actor .
Iraj Eskandari ( Persian : ایرج اسکندری‎‎ , b. 1908 , d. 1985 ) was an Iranian communist politician .
Bonnie Crombie ( née Sawarna , born February 5 , 1960 ) is a Canadian politician who has been the Mayor of Mississauga , Ontario since 2014 .
Nicolás Nogueras Cartagena ( born July 5 , 1935 , in Cayey , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican politician , commentator and former Senator .
Lee Hyori ( Hangul : 이효리 ; Hanja : 李孝利 ; born May 10 , 1979 ) , is a South Korean singer , actress , record producer , activist , and television presenter .
Walter Serle ( fl . 1420 ) of Totnes , Devon , was an English politician .
Rear Admiral John Webber Crumpacker was a prominent US Naval officer .
George Piranian ( Armenian : Ջորջ Փիրանյան ; May 2 , 1914 -- August 31 , 2009 ) , was a Swiss - American mathematician of Swiss and Armenian descent .
Aliki Kayaloglou or Alice Kayaloglou ( in Greek Αλίκη Καγιαλόγλου ) is a Greek singer and performer and has had a long international career .
Lama Hasan ( born August 14 , 1973 ) is a London - based British journalist for ABC News and BBC News .
Fernando Pessa , ComIH , GOM , OBE ( April 15 , 1902 -- April 29 , 2002 ) was a Portuguese journalist and reporter .
Jonathan Sachs ( b. June 25 , 1947 ) is a programmer who co - founded Lotus Development Corporation with Mitch Kapor in 1982 and created the first version of the Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 spreadsheet program .
A singer - songwriter , Dory became widely known as a lyricist with whom André Previn collaborated on several Academy Award - nominated film scores during their marriage .
Rashmi Singh is a journalist with the Live India news channel , who gained notoriety when she conducted a fake sting operation against a Delhi teacher in 2007 .
David Dondero ( born June 24 , 1969 in Duluth , Minnesota , United States ) is an American songwriter , guitarist , former lead singer of the band Sunbrain .
Ricardo Migliorisi is a Paraguayan painter , costume designer , scenery designer and architect .
Jon Canter is an English television comedy writer for Lenny Henry and other leading comedians .
Manana Japaridze ( Georgian : მანანა ჯაფარიძე ; Azerbaijani : Manana Caparidze ) simply known as Manana , is an Azerbaijani popular singer .
Enos William McDonald ( October 1 , 1915 - -March 31 , 1968 ) , better known as Skeets McDonald , was an American country and rockabilly musician popular during the 1950s and 60s .
M. Bernard Loates ( born May 3 , 1945 ) is a Canadian artist , lithographer and publisher in the manner of the private press movement .
Karin Oliver is a former singer for the Livonia , Michigan band His Name Is Alive .
Luther Carrington Goodrich ( September 21 , 1894 -- August 10 , 1986 ) was an American sinologist and historian of China .
Mykola Chaban ( Ukrainian : Микола Петрович Чабан ) is a Soviet and Ukrainian journalist , a Ukrainian prose writer , specialist in regional studies of Dnipropetrovsk region .
Gordon Scott ( August 3 , 1926 -- April 30 , 2007 ) was an American film and television actor known for his portrayal of the fictional character Tarzan in five films ( and one compilation of three made - as - a - pilot television episodes ) of the Tarzan film series from 1955 to 1960 .
Luciano Castro ( Spanish pronunciation : ( luˈsjano ˈkastɾo ) ; born on March 16 , 1975 ) is an Argentine actor .
Stanley Blystone ( August 1 , 1894 -- July 16 , 1956 ) was an American film actor who made over 500 films appearances between 1924 and 1956 .
Maceo Pinkard ( June 27 , 1897 -- July 21 , 1962 ) was an American composer , lyricist , and music publisher .
Guofang Wei is a mathematician in the field of differential geometry .
Alexis Bonnet is a French mathematician and investor .
Winona LaDuke ( born August 18 , 1959 ) is an American activist , environmentalist , economist , and writer , known for her work on tribal land claims and preservation , as well as sustainable development .
Avksenty Tsagareli ( Georgian : ავქსენტი ცაგარელი ; Russian : Авксентий Цагарели ) ( February 9 , 1857 -- August 12 , 1902 ) was a Georgian playwright particularly known for his comedies .
Samiur Rahman is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1986 .
John Henry Maunder ( February 21 , 1858 -- January 21 , 1920 ) was an English composer and organist best known for his cantata `` Olivet to Calvary '' .
Sayed Abdul Halim Shah ( born January 1 , 1973 in Dhaka ) is a First - class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh . He was a star with the Bangladesh U-19 side in the late 80 's .
Albert Edwin Condon ( November 16 , 1905 -- August 4 , 1973 ) , better known as Eddie Condon , was a jazz banjoist , guitarist , and bandleader .
Kazuhisa Watanabe ( born May 18 , 1983 ) is a Japanese boxer , kickboxer and mixed martial artist currently competing in K-1 and Dream in the featherweight division .
Samuel Wendell Williston ( July 10 , 1851 -- August 30 , 1918 ) was an American educator and paleontologist who was the first to propose that birds developed flight cursorially ( by running ) , rather than arboreally ( by leaping from tree to tree ) .
Theodorus Priscianus ( Greek : Θεόδωρος ὁ Πρισκιανός ) was a physician at Constantinople during the 4th century , and the author of the Latin work Rerum Medicarum Libri Quatuor .
John Pappas ( born November 11 , 1951 in Oakland , California ) is an American actor , playwright and former comic who has appeared on television and in film since the 1970s .
Vladimir Voronin 's CV states he is an economist , engineer , political science graduate , and jurist by education .
Emmanuel Farhi ( born September 8 , 1978 ) is a French economist , and currently a professor in the Harvard department of economics .
Aaron London ( born ; October 17 , 1993 ) is a British singer , songwriter , producer & rapper .
Pierre - Louis Thévenet was a French production designer , art director and set decorator .
Brian Paulson is a musician , record producer and audio engineer from Minnesota , best known for recording albums by Slint , Uncle Tupelo , Son Volt and Wilco .
David S. Weiss is an American comedy writer .
Gustavo Arias Murueta ( born May 26 , 1923 ) is a Mexican painter , sculptor and poet , a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana best known for his work in drawing , graphic arts and oil painting .
Ian Stafford is a sports journalist , author and broadcaster , whose work appears both in the UK and internationally , especially in the United States and Australia .
Mari Kodama is an international pianist who has performed at festivals and other venues in Europe , North American and Japan .
Tuan Yi - kang ( Chinese : 段宜康 ; born 14 November 1963 ) is Taiwanese politician .
Indrans Jayan is an Indian film costume designer working predominantly in Malayalam films .
Jason Freese ( born January 12 , 1975 ) is an American musician , songwriter , record producer , and recording engineer .
Chris Carson ( born August 21 , 1985 ) is an American pianist and composer native to San Antonio , Texas .
Joseph Philip Ronayne ( 1822 -- 7 May 1876 ) was an Irish civil engineer notable for his role in the development of Irish railways .
Pavuluri Mallana , who followed Adikavi Nannaya , is a mathematician of 11th century .
Chad Van Sickle ( born August 23 , 1977 in Columbus ) is a heavyweight American boxer .
Ingrid Scheffer , FAA FAHMS , is an Australian paediatric neurologist and senior research fellow at the Florey Institute of Neuroscience and Mental Health .
Coy Placido ( born Jerico Calica Placido , October 20 , 1977 ) is the composer and guitarist of the Filipino bands sessiOnroad and Top Junk .
Stelio Belletti ( born November 19 , 1932 in Mantova ) is an Italian craftsman and entrepreneur and specialized in bicycle frame construction .
Kermit Van Every ( March 5 , 1915 -- November 20 , 1998 ) was a noted American aeronautical engineer best known for his work in the area of very high speed flight .
Yaroslav Hrytsak ( ukr . Ярослав Грицак , born January 1 , 1960 in Dovhe , Stryi Raion ) is a Ukrainian historian , Doctor of Historical Sciences and visiting professor of the Central European University .
Peter Steinbrueck is an American architect and Seattle , Washington politician .
James Lanman ( June 14 , 1767 -- August 7 , 1841 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Connecticut who served in the United States Senate .
William Fogerty , FRIAI , FRIBA , AAI was an Irish architect active in mid - nineteenth - century Limerick , London , New York City and Dublin .
Simon Mitton ( born 1946 ) is an astronomer and writer .
Ailes Gilmour ( January 27 , 1912 - April 16 , 1993 ) was a Japanese American dancer who was one of the young pioneers of the American Modern Dance movement of the 1930s .
Gloria Montealegre is a former television reporter and former deputy press secretary for ex - New Jersey Governor Jon S. Corzine .
Fredson Paixão Melo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈfɾɛdʒisõ pajˈʃɐ̃w̃ ) ; born May 13 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instructor .
Russell D. Moore is an American evangelical theologian , ethicist , preacher , and President of the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission .
Charles Winkler is an American - Armenian television and film director and producer .
Abolfadl Harawi was a 10th - century astronomer from Rey , Persia who , along with al - Khujandi , studied under the patronage of the Buyid dynasty .
Ian Grojnowski is a mathematician working at the Department of Pure Mathematics and Mathematical Statistics of the University of Cambridge .
Charles Almon Dewey ( September 11 , 1877 -- March 2 , 1958 ) was a United States federal judge in Iowa 's southern district for over thirty years .
Sven Hugo Borg ( July 26 , 1896 - February 19 , 1981 ) was a Swedish - American character actor .
Chough Pyung - ok ( also Cho Pyung - ok or Cho Byeong - ok ; 1894 -- 1960 ) was a South Korean politician .
Edwin Broun Fred ( March 22 , 1887 -- January 16 , 1981 ) was an American bacteriologist and academic who was the 15th president of the University of Wisconsin--
Marcel Sarmiento is a film director and writer who has created both comedy and horror films , and commercials .
Per Sandborgh is a Swedish actor , voice actor , translator , and musician .
Hsia Chih - tsing or C. T. Hsia ( February 18 , 1921 -- December 29 , 2013 ) was a renowned Chinese literary critic and scholar .
Rachhpal Singh is an Indian politician and the present Minister for Planning in the Government of West Bengal .
Joseph Franz Seraph Lutzenberger ( January 13 , 1882 -- August 2 , 1951 ) was a German - Brazilian architect and artist .
Mary O. Boyle is an American politician of the Ohio Democratic party .
Bayless Rose was an American singer and guitarist who recorded for Gennett Records in 1930 .
Nancy Darsch ( born December 29 , 1951 ) is an American women 's basketball coach who has worked at both the professional and Division I college levels .
Åse Aulie Michelet ( born 1952 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and pharmacist .
Lewis Wolfley ( October 8 , 1839 -- February 12 , 1910 ) was an American civil engineer who served as the eighth Governor of Arizona Territory .
Holly Merrill Raschein ( born December 16 , 1980 ) is an American politician , a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives , representing the 120th District , which includes Monroe County and southern Miami - Dade County , since 2012 .
Alex H W Laiis a horse racing jockey , who completed his apprenticeship in December 2007 .
Sidney Morgenbesser ( September 22 , 1921 -- August 1 , 2004 ) was a philosopher and long - time professor at Columbia University .
William Lair Hill ( August 20 , 1838 -- February 24 , 1924 ) , also referred to as W. Lair Hill , was an American attorney , historian , and newspaper editor in Portland , Oregon .
William Bondy ( April 9 , 1870 -- March 30 , 1964 ) was a longtime federal judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Geffrey `` Geff '' Francis ( born 1964 ) , best known as Geff Francis , is a British actor who portrayed Lynford , a hoodlum , in the 1988 drama film For Queen and Country .
Madiha Shah is a Pakistani film and stage actor , and dancer .
Warren Olney IV is an American broadcast journalist .
Antonio Lasciac ( 1856 - -1946 ) was an Italian architect , engineer , poet and musician .
David Drebin is an American photographer , known for his sexy , intrigue - filled images of celebrities and non - celebrities alike .
Kurt Voss ( born Kurt Christopher Peter Wössner ) is an American film director , screenwriter and musician - songwriter .
Nina Tapio ( born February 24 , 1972 ) is a Finnish singer , songwriter , musical actor , and session musician .
Harry Goaz ( born December 27 , 1960 ) is an American actor best known for his roles as Deputy Andy Brennan in the TV drama series , Twin Peaks ( 1990 - -1991 ) , and as Sgt . Knight in the NBC TV series , Eerie Indiana ( 1991 - 2 ) .
William Russell van Horn ( July 30 , 1885 -- March 11 , 1970 ) was an American lightweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century .
Krešimir Friedrich ( Croatian pronunciation : ( krɛsimiːr ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ) ; July 30 , 1898 , Koprivnica -- March 3 , 1985 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian tennis player , footballer and lawyer from Koprivnica , and a national tennis champion of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Neil Genzlinger is an American playwright , editor , book reviewer , and theatre and television critic .
Louis A. Gottschalk ( August 26 , 1916 -- November 27 , 2008 ) was an American psychiatrist and neuroscientist .
Mysore Sadasiva Rao ( 1800?--1870 ? ) was a composer of Carnatic music in the traditions of Tyagaraja .
Suzan Pitt is an American film animator and painter , whose surreal , psychological animated films and paintings have been acclaimed and exhibited worldwide .
Babette Deutsch ( September 22 , 1895 -- November 13 , 1982 ) was an American poet , critic , translator , and novelist .
Larkin Goldsmith Mead , Jr. ( January 3 , 1835 -- October 15 , 1910 ) was an American sculptor , working in a neoclassical style .
Gyan Bahadur Yakthumba was described as a soldier , freedom fighter , crusader of the oppressed and under privileged , champion of civil liberty , human rights and justice , and a diplomat .
Hugh Lawson White ( October 30 , 1773 -- April 10 , 1840 ) was a prominent American politician during the first third of the 19th century .
Luis Alcoriza de la Vega ( September 5 , 1918 -- December 3 , 1992 ) was a respected Mexican screenwriter , film director , and actor .
Listin Stephen is an Indian film producer known for his Malayalam and Tamil films .
Kotapola Amarakitti Thero ( born February 2 , 1949 ) is a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk and politician .
Gerome Kamrowski ( January 29 , 1914 -- March 27 , 2004 ) was an American artist and participant in the Surrealist Movement in the United States .
DeVeren Bookwalter ( September 8 , 1939 -- July 23 , 1987 ) was a theatre actor and director who became the first person to win three Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards for his production , direction and performance in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Globe Playhouse in 1975 .
Peggy Crowe ( January 15 , 1956 -- February 9 , 2012 ) was an American speed skater .
Mary Williams ( June 27 , 1869 -- February 11 , 1961 ) , who wrote pseudonymously as Kate Carew , was a caricaturist self - styled as `` The Only Woman Caricaturist '' .
Sean Ringgold ( born November 3 , 1977 ) is an American actor and former bodyguard from Rockaway Beach , Queens , New York .
An Zhengwen ( Chinese : 安正文 ; pinyin : Ān Zhèngwén ; Wade -- Giles : An Cheng - wen ) ; ( Date of birth and death unknown ) was an imperial Chinese painter during the Ming Dynasty ( 1368 - -1644 ) .
Jeriah Swetland ( 1817- ? ) was an American businessman and local politician in nineteenth - century central Ohio .
Thomas Howard DuVal ( November 4 , 1813 -- October 10 , 1880 ) was a United States federal judge in the 19th century .
Claude Gagnon is a Canadian born director , actor , and producer .
Karo Ghafadaryan ( Armenian : Կարո Ղաֆադարյան ; April 20 , 1907 -- December 21 , 1976 ) was a Soviet Armenian archaeologist , historian , epigraphist , philologist .
Jenny Choi is an American singer and cellist , who founded the Asians in Rock tour , and is the lead singer of the two - piece Chicago band , Sanawon .
Alcman ( /ˈælkmən/ ; Greek : Ἀλκμάν Alkmán ; fl . 7th century BC ) was an Ancient Greek choral lyric poet from Sparta .
John Coda is an American composer with a focus on film music and television scoring .
Eugenia Tanaka ( born March 9 , 1987 in Kisaran , North Sumatra , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian - born Australian badminton player .
Shigeru Izumiya ( 泉谷 しげる Izumiya Shigeru , born May 11 , 1948 in Aomori , raised in Meguro , Tokyo ) is a Japanese poet , folk singer , actor , tarento .
Carl Heymann ( also Karl ; 1853 in Filehne , ( or Oct. 4 , 1854 in Amsterdam ) -- 1922 in Bingen ) , was a virtuoso German pianist , composer and piano teacher .
Nina Ivančić , daughter of Ljubo Ivančić , the famous Croatian painter and member of the artist group , `` Group of 5 '' , studied at the University of Zagreb Academy of Fine Arts under Professor Šime Perić .
Charles Edward Coffin ( July 18 , 1841 -- May 24 , 1912 ) was an American industrialist and politician who lived his adult life in Maryland .
Sebastian Droste ( 1892 - 1927 ) was a poet , actor and dancer connected with the gay and underworld subcultures of Berlin in the 1920s .
Heath Calhoun ( born June 29 , 1979 ) is an American alpine skier and veteran of the United States Army .
His death was unknown to the outside world until nearly two months later , on 19 June 1998 , when an obituary entitled `` A Hushed Death for Mystic Author Carlos Castaneda '' by staff writer J. R. Moehringer appeared in the Los Angeles Times .
Robert D. McTeer is an American economist , and has been a fellow at the US National Center for Policy Analysis since January 2007 .
David Liittschwager is an American freelance photographer and author of three books .
Ralph Adams Cram ( December 16 , 1863 -- September 22 , 1942 ) was a prolific and influential American architect of collegiate and ecclesiastical buildings , often in the Gothic Revival style .
Tatyana Shelekhova ( Russian : Татьяна Шелехова , Ukrainian : Тетяна Шелехова ; born 4 April 1946 ) is a retired Ukrainian speed skater .
Ron Kneebone is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Norwood in the SANFL .
Peter Lovšin , known also as Pero Lovšin ( born June 27 , 1955 ) , is a Slovenian musician , songwriter and singer , best known as a frontman of the first Yugoslav punk rock group Pankrti .
Chou Chun - hsun ( Taiwanese POJ : Chiu Chùn - hun ; born February 23 , 1980 ) is a Go player .
Eric Bach is an American computer scientist who has made contributions to computational number theory .
Alison Garrigan aka Alison Hernan ( born September 1958 ) is an American actress , singer , and costume designer , the daughter of actors Jonathan and Jo Farwell .
Aldemaro Romero ( March 12 , 1928 -- September 15 , 2007 ) was a Venezuelan pianist , composer , arranger and orchestral conductor .
Matt Mahaffey ( born June 9 , 1973 ) is an American multi - instrumentalist , record producer , and recording engineer best known for his band Self .
Christopher Cousins ( born September 27 , 1960 ) is an American actor who has been acting mainly in television since 1986 .
Phil Demmel ( born April 2 , 1967 ) is the lead guitarist for American heavy metal band Machine Head , and is currently their longest running member in that position .
Robert Eures ( dates of birth and death unknown ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century .
Michael Gerard Hagerty ( born May 10 , 1954 ) , also known by his stage name Mike Hagerty , is an American actor .
Grahame Dangerfield is a British naturalist , author and broadcaster .
Susan Fry is an American author and editor .
Gary Reed , also known as Mastamind , is an American rapper from Detroit .
Michael Abu Sakara Foster is a Ghanaian agronomist and politician .
Laine Randjärv ( before 2011 Laine Jänes ; born July 30 , 1964 ) is an Estonian politician from the Reform Party .
Wally Lamb ( born October 17 , 1950 ) is an American author known as the writer of the novels She 's Come Undone and I Know This Much Is True , both of which were selected for Oprah 's Book Club .
Mary Dillon ( born 1964 ) , is an Irish folk singer , known for her work with the traditional band Déanta .
Marina Evelyn Vello Ribatski ( born 1984 ) , also known as Marina Gasolina , Marina Ribatski and MC Marina Vello , is a Brazilian singer and the former MC / Singer / Songwriter for Brazilian Funk Carioca band Bonde Do Rolê .
Blacatz , known in French genealogy as Blacas de Blacas III ( 1165 - -1237 ) , was the feudal lord of Aups and a troubadour .
Benjamin Smith Barton ( February 10 , 1766 -- December 19 , 1815 ) was an American botanist , naturalist , and physician .
Asger Hamerik ( Hammerich ) ( April 8 , 1843 -- July 13 , 1923 ) , was a Danish composer of classical music .
Peter E. Madden ( born March 16 , 1942 in Boston ) is an American businessman and politician who served as President of State Street Bank and represented the 14th Norfolk District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for one term ( 1993 to 1995 ) .
Dorothea Trowbridge ( first name also spelled Dorthea , Doretha ) was an American blues singer active in St. Louis in the 1930s .
Nikola Musulin ( ca . 1830 - -fl . 1897 ) was a Serbian teacher , activist , and poet .
Bill Manbo ( 1908 - 1992 ) was an amateur photographer who documented the incarceration of people of Japanese ancestry during World War II in Kodachrome photographs .
Maurice Samuel ( February 8 , 1895 -- May 4 , 1972 ) was a Romanian - born British and American antigentilist novelist , translator and lecturer .
Simone Ghini , also known as Simone Ghini I and as Simone I di Giovanni di Simone Ghini , was an Italian ( Florentine ) renaissance sculptor who was born in 1406 or 1407 .
Juan Luis Martínez ( 1942 - -1993 ) was a Chilean avant - garde poet , writer , and visual artist .
Olivier Rippoll ( born February 27 , 1983 ) , better known as Olivier Ripley , is a French film actor , director and producer .
Ariel Nan ( born Ariel Hernán Morel in Monte Grande , Buenos Aires Province , December 9 , 1979 ) is an Argentine musician , singer , songwriter and actor .
Emily Barr is a British travel writer and novelist , author of novels such as Cuban Heels , Baggage , The Life You Want and , most recently The Perfect Lie .
Van Darkholme ( born October 24 , 1972 ) is an American performance artist , director , as well as a photographer .
Anton Datsko ( Ukrainian : Антон Дацко ) is a Ukrainian wheelchair fencer who won gold medal at IWAS Wheelchair Fencing Grand Prix in Eger , Hungary and won a silver medal at the Paralympic Games in London in 2012 .
Béla Kádár ( 1877 - -1956 ) was a Hungarian painter influenced by Der Blaue Reiter , Cubism , Futurism , Neo - Primitivism , Constructivism , and Metaphysical painting .
Jonah Parzen - Johnson is a baritone saxophonist based in Brooklyn , New York .
Samuel Kwong ( born January 1 , 1998 in Pleasanton , California ) is an American sabre fencer .
Ninon Colneric ( born 1948 ) is a German former judge at the European Court of Justice .
Inger Davidson , born Inger Windblad ( 2 December 1944 ) , is a Swedish retired Christian Democrat politician .
Gerald B. Lefcourt is a criminal defense lawyer with a reputation for taking on unpopular and high - profile clients , including such clients as the Black Panthers , Abbie Hoffman , Harry Helmsley , a co - defendant of Michael Milken , former New York State Assembly Speaker , Mel Miller , Russell Crowe , and Tracy Morgan .
George Kedrenos or Cedrenus ( Greek : Γεώργιος Κεδρηνός , fl . 11th century ) was a Byzantine historian .
Theodore Oesten ( also Theodor in German ) ( December 31 , 1813 -- March 16 , 1870 ) was a German composer , musician , and music teacher .
Carlos Alberto Tramontina and commonly known simply as Carlos Tramontina ( born March 11 , 1956 in Adamantina ) is a Brazilian journalist .
Loring McMillen ( March 10 , 1906 -- March 19 , 1991 ) was Staten Island 's official historian who preserved the works of Alice Austen and worked to restore Historic Richmond Town .
Baron Auguste de Méritens was a French electrical engineer of the 19th century .
Albert Windisch ( May 17 , 1878 -- April 1 , 1967 ) was a German painter , Academy Professor and typographer .
Scott Poulson - Bryant is an award - winning American journalist and author .
Muhin ( Bengali : মুহিন ) is a Bangladeshi singer .
Dwayne Shattuck ( born June 1 , 1959 in Atlanta , Georgia , USA ) is a television producer .
Chloe Piene is a fine artist known for skeletal and morbid imagery .
Otto Wonderly ( c.1878 - April 2 , 1905 ) was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey from Ontario who competed in his native Canada and in the United States where he was killed in a racing accident .
Prakash Jiwa ( born 2 May 1970 ) is a British Indian darts player .
Fritz Ohlwärter is a West German bobsledder who competed during the mid to late 1970s .
Rachel Lee Goldenberg is an American film director , who has directed films made by The Asylum .
Erick Sermon ( born November 25 , 1968 ) is an American rapper , musician , and record producer .
Francine Prose ( born April 1 , 1947 ) is an American writer of novels , non - fiction books , and short story collections .
Barry Hutchison is a children 's author , screenwriter and director , born and raised in the Highlands of Scotland .
Benji Gregory ( born Benjamin Gregory Hertzberg ; May 26 , 1978 ) is a former American actor .
Professor Christian Joppke is a German political sociologist , Professor and chair in General Sociology at the University of Bern , Switzerland .
Magnus Caris ( born November 15 , 1968 ) is a Swedish darts player who competes in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Dwight William Tryon ( August 13 , 1849 -- July 1 , 1925 ) was an American landscape painter in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Jofroi of Waterford ( fl . 1300 ) was a French translator .
Robert Fitzgerald Diggs ( born July 5 , 1969 ) , better known by his stage name RZA ( /ˈrɪzə/ RIZ - ə ) , is an American music producer , multi - instrumentalist , author , rapper , actor , composer , and filmmaker .
James Breckinridge ( March 7 , 1763 -- May 13 , 1833 ) was a Virginia lawyer and politician and a member of the Breckinridge family .
Blaire Reinhard is a singer , pianist , and songwriter from Morristown , New Jersey .
Dagmar Oja ( July 8 , 1981 ) is an Estonian singer .
D Stevens ( born Compton , California ) is an American broadcast journalist , photojournalist , photographer and filmmaker .
Samuel James Ervin III ( March 2 , 1926 -- September 18 , 1999 ) was a United States federal judge and the son of U.S. Senator Sam Ervin .
Siniša Varga ( born August 24 , 1965 ) is a Croatian dentist and politician who served as Minister of Health in the centre - left Cabinet of Zoran Milanović from 2014 until 2016 .
Craig G. Rogers ( born May 26 , 1971 ) , is an American urologist and the director of renal surgery at the Vattikuti Urology Institute at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit , Michigan .
Edward Pramuk ( born 1936 ) is an abstract expressionist painter .
Bret Easton Ellis ( born March 7 , 1964 ) is an American novelist , screenwriter , and short story writer .
Sue Monk Kidd ( born August 12 , 1948 ) is a writer from the Southern United States , best known for her novel , The Secret Life of Bees .
George Hirose is a New York City based Japanese - American photographer .
Gustav Meyrink ( January 19 , 1868 -- December 4 , 1932 ) was the pseudonym of Gustav Meyer , an Austrian author , novelist , dramatist , translator , and banker , most famous for his novel The Golem .
Ramse Mostoller is a costume designer known for her works on Dark Shadows and Ryan 's Hope , Sesame Street , The Electric Company , and Another World .
Augusto Monterroso Bonilla ( December 21 , 1921 - February 7 , 2003 ) was a Honduran writer who adopted Guatemalan nationality , known for the ironical and humorous style of his short stories .
William E. Hurley was an American politician who served as Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts from 1937 - -1943 .
Censorius Datianus ( fl . 337 - 365 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire , very influential under the rule of Emperor Constantius II ( 337 - 361 ) .
Goodiepal or Gæoudjiparl van den Dobbelsteen , whose real name is Parl Kristian Bjørn Vester , is a controversial Danish / Faroese musician / composer .
Joan Semmel ( born October 19 , 1932 , New York City ) is an American feminist painter , professor , and writer .
Rob Tregenza ( born November 14 , 1950 ) is a North American cinematographer , film director , and producer .
Marco Ricchiedeo was an Italian painter born at Brescia , and active in the 16th century .
Catherine Pancake is an American filmmaker and musician based in Chicago , Illinois .
Jan Russ is an Australian casting director and actor best known for her work on the soap opera Neighbours from the show 's beginning in 1985 to her departure in 2009 .
Scott F. Large ( born February 22 , 1955 ) is an American intelligence officer and analyst who served as the fifteenth Director of the National Reconnaissance Office from 2007 to 2009 .
Roger Bootle is a British economist and a weekly columnist for the Daily Telegraph .
Following her parents ' second divorce , her mother married the actor Walter Matthau and Lucy Saroyan later worked alongside her stepfather in a number of his films .
Joel Jalmari Ruokokoski , known as Jali ( 1886 - 1936 ) was a Finnish Expressionist painter .
Brian Camelio is an American musician , composer , public speaker , educator , inventor , entrepreneur and founder of ArtistShare .
Gabriel Hauge ( HOW - ghee ; March 7 , 1914 - July 24 , 1981 ) was a prominent American bank executive and economist .
Major Matthew Leander King ( May 20 , 1878 -- October 23 , 1919 ) was an American engineer .
Sebastián de Ocampo was a Spanish navigator and explorer .
Linda Wertheimer ( /ˈwɜrθhaɪmər/ ; born March 19 , 1943 ) is an American radio journalist for NPR .
Jonathan Hall Kovacs ( also known as Johnny Kovacs or Jon K , born October 20 , 1969 in Alameda County , California ) is an American former child actor who is deaf .
Nancy A. Collins ( born September 10 , 1959 ) is a United States horror fiction writer best known for her series of vampire novels featuring her character Sonja Blue .
Viviana Sofronitsky ( Russian : Вивиана Владимировна Софроницкая ) is a Russian - born Canadian classical pianist .
Narmada Chandra Roy is a Revolutionary Socialist Party politician and a six - time MLA from Kushmandi in Dakshin Dinajpur district .
Forrest McClendon ( born in Norwalk , Connecticut ) is an American stage actor , singer and professor .
Candace Whittemore Lovely ( born March 15 , 1953 ) is an American impressionist painter known for her non - confrontational views of contemporary American life , including landscapes of treasured locales and people at play in idyllic locations .
Tyruss Himes , better known by his stage name Big Syke is an American rapper .
William Shunn ( born August 14 , 1967 ) is a science fiction writer and computer programmer .
Auðunn illskælda ( Old Norse `` the bad skald '' ) was a Norwegian 9th century skald .
Chiu Ching - chun ( Chinese : 邱鏡淳 ; pinyin : Qiū Jìngchún ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
T. Indragandhi ( ta : டி.இந்திராகாந்தி ) is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Thuraiyur constituency .
Peter Mieg ( September 5 , 1906 -- December 7 , 1990 ) was a Swiss composer , painter and journalist .
Peggy Lee ( born Norma Deloris Egstrom ; May 26 , 1920 -- January 21 , 2002 ) was an American jazz and popular music singer , songwriter , composer and actress , in a career spanning six decades .
Yuri Semenovich Lazurkin was a Russian physicist and a founder of a new discipline DNA physics .
Guzmán Quintero Torres was a Colombian journalist and reporter from the city of Valledupar .
After that , at the still young age of 18 , Hugh Elliot took a commission in the Russian army as an officer , and fought in the campaign against the Turks in the Balkans .
Brian Ehlers ( born January 26 , 1978 ) is an American former professional basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Lafayette College from 1996 - -97 to 1999 - -2000 .
Jon the Dentist ( born John Vaughan ) is a British hardhouse and trance music record producer .
Harry Stewart New ( December 31 , 1858 -- May 9 , 1937 ) was a U.S. politician , journalist , and Spanish--
Stephen Jenks ( March 17 , 1772 -- June 3 , 1856 ) was an American composer , teacher , and tunebook compiler .
Jean Pucelle ( c. 1300 -- 1355 ) , active c. 1320 - 1350 , was a Parisian Gothic - era manuscript illuminator , excelling in the invention of drolleries , traditional iconography , and was considered one of the best miniaturists of the early 14th century .
Claudia Mason is an American model and actress who has been featured on the covers of all the leading fashion magazines including Vogue ( magazine ) , Elle ( magazine ) , W ( magazine ) and Cosmopolitan ( magazine ) .
Hari Nayak is an Indian chef , restaurateur , author , and a renowned Indian food and culinary consultant .
Slymenstra Hymen was Gwar 's dancer and occasional singer portrayed by Danielle Stampe ( born November 27 , 1967 ) .
Gene Ween ( born March 17 , 1970 ) is the stage name of Aaron Freeman , an American musician and a founding member of the experimental alternative rock group Ween .
John B. Nelson is an American Republican politician , former city councilman of Phoenix , Arizona former member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a current member of the Arizona Senate .
Mervyn Brian Muggleton ( born 4 September 1941 ) , known as Brian Muggleton to differentiate him from his father , is a former Australian cricketer and baseball player .
Mollie Katzen ( born October 13 , 1950 in Rochester , New York , U.S. ) is an American chef , cookbook author and artist .
Jonas Alber ( born March 11 , 1969 ) is a German conductor and violinist based in Berlin .
Colleen Browning ( May 16 , 1918 -- August 22 , 2003 , New York , NY ) was an Anglo - American realist and magical realist painter .
Hussain Haroon is the elder brother of Hameed Haroon and grandson of Sir Abdullah Haroon , a famous politician , who Muhammad Ali Jinnah called one of the strongest pillars of the Muslim League .
Chad Senior ( born December 27 , 1974 ) is an American Olympic modern pentathlete .
The Master of Ambrass was a Bohemian painter active probably in Prague at the end of the fourteenth century .
Jonathan Tiersten ( born August 11 , 1965 ) is an American actor and singer , who is mostly known for his role as Ricky in the 1983 cult classic Sleepaway Camp .
Ellen Douglas was the pen name of Josephine Ayres Haxton ( July 12 , 1921 -- November 7 , 2012 ) , an American author .
Richard Menta is an American journalist , and the publisher of MP3 Newswire .
Ruben Enaje is a Filipino carpenter , sign painter , and former construction worker .
Rajneesh Duggal is an Indian film actor and a former model .
Paul Okoumba d'Okwatsegue ( born December 30 , 1933 ) was a Gabonese political figure and diplomat .
Leland Stowe ( November 10 , 1899 - January 16 , 1994 ) was a Pulitzer Prize winning American journalist noted for being one of the first to recognize the expansionist character of the German Nazi regime .
Jessica Diamond ( born June 6 , 1957 in New York , New York ) is an American conceptual artist who is known for her wall drawings and installations .
Gonzalo Jiménez Corral ( born June 30 , 1902 , date of death unknown ) was a Spanish water polo player .
Luz Elena Ruiz Bejarano ( born November 30 , 1936 ) , more commonly known by her stage name Lucha Villa , is a Mexican singer and actress .
Michelle Shields ( born September 5 ) is an American actress , model and singer .
Shane Jett ( born December 5 , 1974 ) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma and was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2004 to 2010 .
Sorapong Chatree ( Thai : สรพงษ์ ชาตรี , born December 8 , 1950 in Ayutthaya Province ) is a Thai film actor .
Gillian Gregory is an English dancer and choreographer for stage and film .
Clare Burt is an English actress and singer , best known for her stage work and for her appearance on the television series The Bill .
Thomas Livingston ( alternatively , Thomas de Levinstone or Thomas Livingstone ) was a fifteenth - century Scottish cleric , diplomat , and delegate at the Council of Basel and advisor to Kings James I and James II of Scotland .
Philippe Théaudière ( sometimes credited as Phillipe Theodiere ) is a French cinematographer most famous for his work on European exploitation films during the 1970s , working on such seminal `` Euro sleaze '' films as Seven Women for Satan ( 1976 ) .
The ancient Roman writer Ennius first translated Euhemerus ' work into Latin , but this translation is also lost .
Nicolae Vermont ( October 10 , 1866 -- June 14 , 1932 ) was a Romanian realist painter , graphic artist and muralist .
Sarina Singh is an Australian writer and travel author .
Marie Calfopoulos is a photographer , video editor and filmmaker from France .
Hezekiah Griggs , III ( born October 27 , 1988 ) is an American entrepreneur , philanthropist , and investor .
Don Libes is a computer scientist at NIST performing computer science research on interoperability .
Dave Pressler is an American illustrator , animator , sculptor , character designer and painter based in Los Angeles .
David Marando is an Australian rugby league player who represented the USA in the 2013 World Cup .
Sammy Labella ( June 6 , 1929 -- September 22 , 2014 ) , better known by his stage name Skip E. Lowe , was an American talk show host and actor .
Susanna Keir , née Harvey ( 1747 - 1802 ) was a British novelist .
Eduard Folayang ( born November 22 , 1984 ) is a Filipino mixed martial artist and wushu practitioner .
Giacomo Alboresi ( 1632 - -1677 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Marcus Goldman ( /ˈɡoʊldmən/ ; December 9 , 1821 -- July 20 , 1904 ) was a German banker , businessman , and financier .
Robert Jezek is a Canadian stage , film and television actor based in the United Kingdom .
Mia Abagale Tallarico ( born December 22 , 1978 ) , better known as Mia Tyler , is an American actress , model , public speaker and advocate .
Kate Crawford is a writer , composer , producer and academic .
Rodrigo Prats ( February 7 , 1909 -- September 15 , 1980 ) was a Cuban composer , arranger , violinist , pianist and orchestral director .
E. J. Hopple ( February 5 , 1881 -- October 11 , 1941 ) was a Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Ohio who was in the Ohio Senate and Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives 1917 - 1918 .
Tim Cope ( 1978 ) is an Australian adventurer , author , filmmaker , trekking guide , and public speaker who grew up in Gippsland , Victoria .
Ayoub Al - Mas ( Arabic : أيوب الماس‎ ; born December 15 , 1978 ) is an Emirati former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Harry W. Gerstad , born Harry Donald Gerstad ( June 11 , 1909 -- July 17 , 2002 ) was an American film editor who sometimes directed films .
Arturo Díaz Mendoza ( born March 23 , 1952 ) is a Mexican professional wrestler best known for performing under the stage name Villano III ( in Spanish Villano Tercero ) .
Babu Khan Tahir is a former Pakistani cricketer and umpire .
Chase Johnson ( born July 17 , 1988 ) is an American musician and television personality .
Léon Frédéric ( August 26 , 1856 -- January 27 , 1940 ) was a Belgian Symbolism painter .
Kole Nedelkovski ( Bulgarian and Macedonian : Коле Неделковски ) was a Macedonian revolutionary and poet , and member of the Bulgarian Communist Party .
Jakub Kubicki ( 1758 - -1833 ) was a renowned Polish classicist architect and designer .
Christoph Meinel is author or co - author of 15 text books .
Lennie Moore ( born December 12 , 1961 ) is an American composer , conductor , orchestrator of music for video games , film , TV , and Multi - media .
Krastyo Hadzhiivanov ( December 25 , 1929 -- June 27 , 1952 ) was a Bulgarian poet and resistance fighter .
Robert Venditti is an American comic book writer , known for his work on the Top Shelf Productions title The Surrogates , which was adapted to a major motion picture starring Bruce Willis directed by Jonathan Mostow for Disney .
Richard R. Silva was an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and mayor of Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Rita Bouboulidi ( Greek : Ρίτα Μπουμπουλίδη ) is a Greek pianist .
Ivan H. Parke ( November 1 , 1908 - January 20 , 1995 ) was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred horse racing jockey and trainer who won more races than any other jockey in the United States in 1923 , as an apprentice , and again in1924 when he also was the United States Champion Jockey by earnings .
Erigyius ( in Greek Eριγυιoς ; died 328 BC ) , a Mytilenaean , son of Larichus , was an officer in Alexander the Great 's army .
Samuel Putnam ( October 10 , 1892 -- January 15 , 1950 ) was an American translator and scholar of Romance languages .
Brenden Thenhaus ( born August 5 , 1986 ) is a Canadian lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League .
Besides being a statesman , Johan de Witt also was an accomplished mathematician .
Jevon Tarantino ( born January 30 , 1984 ) is an American springboard diver .
Otto Liebe was a lawyer and the son of a conservative politician .
Theodor Rocholl ( 1854 - -1933 ) , German military painter and war artist .
Duane Davis , the son of NFL Hall of Fame defensive end Willie Davis , is an American actor who has been in such films as Ghosts of Mars and Paparazzi .
Peter Frohmader ( born May 9 , 1958 ) is a German electronic composer , musician and visual artist .
Jay Hails , ( born October 16 , 1967 ) , is a Canadian singer , songwriter and performer .
Božidar Jakac ( July 16 , 1899 -- November 12 , 1989 ) was a Slovene Expressionist , Realist and Symbolist painter , graphic artist , art teacher , photographer and filmmaker .
Elois Jenssen ( November 5 , 1922 -- February 14 , 2004 ) was an American film and television costume designer .
Heinrich Vianden , better known as Henry Vianden ( July 9 , 1814 -- February 5 , 1899 ) , was a German American , lithographer and engraver .
Sean Holly is an economist currently working at the University of Cambridge ( 1995 - -present ) .
Cuthbert Butler OSB ( born Edward Butler ( 1858 -- 1934 ) ) was a Benedictine monk of Downside Abbey in England , who gained notice as a Church historian .
Deborah Aschheim is an American new media artist .
Kevin Jarre ( August 6 , 1954 -- April 3 , 2011 ) was an American screenwriter , actor , and film producer .
Stefan Maechler is a Swiss historian and expert on anti - Semitism and Switzerland 's treatment of Holocaust refugees during and after World War II . Maechler studied history and German literature at the University of Zurich .
Jung Eun - ju ( Hangul : 정은주 , Hanja : 鄭恩朱 , born September 30 , 1988 ) is a South Korean short track speed skater .
Noetus , a presbyter of the church of Asia Minor about AD 230 , was a native of Smyrna , where ( or perhaps in Ephesus ) he became a prominent representative of the particular type of Christology now called modalistic monarchianism or patripassianism .
Frank Craig ( April 1 , 1868 - January 1 , 1943 ) was an African American boxer who was the colored middleweight champion of the world in the Gay Nineties .
Dio of Alexandria ( Greek : Δίων ) was an Academic philosopher and a friend of Antiochus of Ascalon who lived in the 1st century BC . He was sent by his fellow - citizens as ambassador to Rome , to complain about the conduct of their king , Ptolemy XII Auletes .
Erin McKeown ( pronounced `` mick - YONE '' ) is an American multi - instrumentalist and folk - rock singer / songwriter .
Sabrina Tavernise is an American journalist who writes for The New York Times .
Vartan Vahramian ( Armenian : Վարդան Վահրամեան ) is an Iranian - Armenian composer , artist and painter .
Jay Newland is an American music producer , engineer and mixer .
Mari Jürjens , née Mari Pokinen ( born May 27 , 1988 ) , is an Estonian actress and singer .
Ebrahim Asgharzadeh ( Persian : ابراهیم اصغرزاده‎‎ ) is an Iranian political activist and politician .
Leonidas Warren Payne , Jr. ( July 12 , 1873 -- June 16 , 1945 ) was an American linguist and professor of English at the University of Texas .
Theodore Sturgeon ( /ˈstɜːrdʒən/ ; born Edward Hamilton Waldo ; February 26 , 1918 -- May 8 , 1985 ) was an American science fiction and horror writer and critic .
Marc Ford ( born April 13 , 1966 ) , is an American blues - rock guitarist .
Nicholas Gleaves is an English actor and playwright .
Calvert Vaux ( /vɔːks/ ; December 20 , 1824 -- November 19 , 1895 ) was a British - American architect and landscape designer .
Cheryl Lyndsey ( born May 7 , 1978 ) is an American singer -- songwriter and musician best known as touring member of alternative rock band The Breeders .
Jack Fina ( August 13 , 1913 -- May 14 , 1970 ) was a bandleader , songwriter , and pianist .
Howard Cedar or Chaim Cedar ( Hebrew : חיים סידר ; born January 12 , 1943 ) is an Israeli American biochemist who worked on DNA methylation , the mechanism that turns genes on and off .
Francis Jettner was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi - member seat of Burra Burra from 1927 to 1930 for the Liberal Federation .
Ken Lockie ( born 1956 ) is an English singer - songwriter and producer , best known as the creative force behind English new wave band Cowboys International and as a sometime collaborator with John Lydon in Public Image Ltd.
Antoinette Louisa Brown , later Antoinette Brown Blackwell ( May 20 , 1825 -- November 5 , 1921 ) , was the first woman to be ordained as a mainstream Protestant minister in the United States .
Sohail Quadri was an Edmonton politician who was elected member to the 28th Alberta Legislature representing the electoral district of Edmonton - Mill Woods .
Harry Raymond Fleming , M.D. , ( October 24 , 1894 - November 5 , 1942 ) was a Saskatchewan physician and politician .
Alain Fresnot ( born June 6 , 1951 ) is a French - born Brazilian film director , editor and producer .
Sanford Robinson Gifford ( July 10 , 1823 -- August 29 , 1880 ) was an American landscape painter and one of the leading members of the Hudson River School .
Jai Opetaia ( born 1995 ) is a Samoan Australian amateur boxer who won the Light Heavyweight title at the 2011 Junior World Championships then qualified for the 2012 Olympics as a Heavyweight at the age of 16 , making him the youngest ever Australian Olympic boxer .
Ubaldo Terzano is an Italian cinematographer and camera operator , possibly best known for his numerous collaborations with Mario Bava .
Clifford Peeples ( sometimes spelled Clifford Peoples ) ( born c.1970 ) is a self - styled pastor in Northern Ireland who has been associated with Ulster loyalist activity .
Len Cunning is a retired ice hockey player who played for the Johnstown Jets of the Eastern Hockey League .
Aryadan Shoukath is both an award - winning Indian film producer , and an award - winning local state politician .
John W. Sadler ( born July 30 , 1956 in Long Beach , California ) is an American horse trainer in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing .
Jonathan Meese ( born January 23 , 1970 ) is a German painter , sculptor , performance artist and installation artist based in Berlin and Hamburg .
Alston Koch is a Sri Lanka born Australian singer - songwriter , film producer , record producer and actor .
Roy Leu ( Chinese : 呂元榮 ; pinyin : Lǚ Yuánróng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Pierangelo Bertoli ( November 5 , 1942 - October 7 , 2002 ) was an Italian singer - songwriter and poet .
Jonas Vaitkus ( born May 20 , 1944 in Lithuania ) is a lecturer , theatre and film director .
Nevra Serezli was married to the prominent actor Metin Serezli from 1968 until his death in 2013 .
Meghan Boenig is the head coach of the women 's equestrian varsity program at the University of Georgia ( UGA ) in Athens , Georgia , USA .
Alice McDermott ( born June 27 , 1953 ) is an American writer and university professor .
David Ligare is an American contemporary realist painter .
Antonio Papasso is an Italian painter and engraver .
Jonathan Cohler ( born June 19 , 1959 ) is an American clarinetist , conductor and teacher .
Joseph J. DioGuardi ( /diːoʊˈɡwɑːrdi/ ; born September 20 , 1940 ) is a certified public accountant and a Republican politician .
Dorothy Kingsley ( October 14 , 1909 -- September 26 , 1997 ) was an American screenwriter , who worked extensively in film , radio and television .
Homer Elihu Royce ( June 14 , 1820 - April 24 , 1891 ) was an American lawyer , politician and jurist .
Charles Pence Slichter ( born January 21 , 1924 ) is an American physicist , best known for his work on nuclear magnetic resonance and superconductivity .
Orlandito Montiel ( born July 26 , 1965 ) , better known as Dito Montiel , is an American author , screenwriter , film director and musician .
Janeane Garofalo ( /dʒəˈniːn ɡəˈrɒfəloʊ/ ; born September 28 , 1964 ) is an American film actress , stand - up comedian , liberal political activist , and writer .
Franklin Pangborn ( January 23 , 1889 -- July 20 , 1958 ) was an American comedic character actor .
Jennifer Nairn - Smith is an Australian - born dancer , actress and choreographer .
Homen Borgohain ( Assamese : হোমেন বৰগোহাঞি ) is an Assamese writer and journalist .
Willbur Fisk ( August 31 , 1792 -- February 22 , 1839 ) , also known as Wilbur Fisk , was a prominent American Methodist minister , educator and theologian .
Konrad Fleck was a thirteenth - century German poet , who wrote in the Alemannic German dialect .
Bill L. Norton is a film director , writer and producer .
Marshall McDonald ( October 18 , 1835 -- September 1 , 1895 ) was an American engineer , geologist , mineralogist , pisciculturist , and fisheries scientist .
Dr. Matthew Burtner ( born 1970 , Naknek , Alaska ) is a contemporary American composer .
Priscilla Misihairabwi - Mushonga is a Zimbabwean politician and former member of the House of Assembly for Glen Norah .
Julian Jaynes ( February 27 , 1920 -- November 21 , 1997 ) was an American psychologist , best known for his book The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind ( 1976 ) , in which he argued that ancient peoples were not conscious .
Nidra Poller is an American writer and translator who has lived in Paris since 1972 .
Gladys Shelley ( née Shaskan , December 15 , 1911 - December 9 , 2003 ) was an American lyricist and composer .
Montell Jordan ( born December 3 , 1968 ) is an American former singer , songwriter and record producer , best known for his 1995 single `` This Is How We Do It '' .
Mick Rossi , ( born December 9 , 1956 ) is a Grammy - nominated American pianist , drummer , percussionist , conductor and composer known for his diverse , progressive work in the New York Downtown scene .
Konrad Maurer , since 1876 Konrad von Maurer ( April 29 , 1823 - September 16 , 1902 ) was a German legal historian .
S. D. Vijay Milton is an Indian cinematographer and director working in Tamil films .
Brian Causey is an American guitarist , composer and singer .
Antwun Echols ( born December 4 , 1971 , in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American boxer .
Kostas Hatzis ( Greek : Κώστας Χατζής ) ( born August 13 , 1936 ) is a Romani singer - songwriter and musician .
What 's Up Downunder is an Australian travel television show that airs on Network Ten and One HD .
DanceX was a reality television show produced in the UK for BBC One in 2007 .
Shepard Smith Reporting is an American news / talk television program on the Fox News Channel that debuted in October 2013 , and is hosted by Shepard Smith .
I en annan del av Köping is a Swedish documentary television series which began broadcasting in 2007 on TV4 .
Tru Confessions is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie .
Kim Possible is an American animated children 's television series created by Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle for Disney Channel .
Boxing from Eastern Parkway is an American sports program broadcast by the DuMont Television Network from May 1952 to May 1954 .
Colombo Quotes is a Canadian quiz and panel television series which aired on CBC Television in 1978 .
The Real Seachange is an Australian reality television series on the Seven Network , narrated by actor John Howard .
Erotic Confessions is a Cinemax channel show airing from 1992 to 1996 and as a video series from 1994 to 1997 .
My Cat from Hell is an American reality television series that airs on Animal Planet and premiered in May 2011 .
Pangako Sa ' Yo ( Lit : Promise to You / English : The Promise ) is a primetime soap opera series produced and broadcast by the Philippine television network ABS - CBN .
Help Me Anthea , I 'm Infested is a 2007 factual entertainment television show produced by RDF Television for BBC Three , presented by Anthea Turner and Mark Coltman , a professional pest control expert .
Jamie 's 15-Minute Meals is a UK food lifestyle programme which aired on Channel 4 in 2012 .
D'ække bare , bare Bernt was a Norwegian sitcom that aired on TV3 from 1996 to 1997 , starring Jon Skolmen and Grethe Kausland as the married couple Bernt and Vera Brantenberg .
Game for a Laugh is a British light entertainment programme which ran for 56 editions and four specials between 26 September 1981 and 23 November 1985 , made by London Weekend Television for the ITV network .
Re - Animated is a live - action / animated television film that aired on Cartoon Network on December 8 , 2006 .
The Bill Engvall Show is a sitcom which ran on TBS from July 17 , 2007 to September 5 , 2009 .
El secreto de Puente Viejo ( English : Old Bridge Secret ) is a Spanish telenovela produced by Boomerang TV for Antena 3 .
Return to River Cottage is the second series of the Channel 4 programme that follows Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall during his second year of living in the country at River Cottage , Dorset after leaving the city behind .
Color Me a Rainbow was a Christian children 's show that first aired in 1987 on the American Christian Television System ( ACTS ) , which was a precursor to today 's Hallmark Channel .
River Monsters is a British and American wildlife documentary television programme produced for Animal Planet by Icon Films of Bristol , United Kingdom .
Mis amigos de siempre ( English : My lifelong friends ) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol - Ka and aired by El Trece .
Timeslip is a British children 's science fiction television series made by ATV for the ITV network and broadcast between 1970 and 1971 .
R.I.S , police scientifique is a French television series , created by Stéphane Kaminka in 2005 , broadcast by TF1 since 2006 .
Burn It was first shown on the free - to - air British digital channel BBC Three , and then repeated some months later on the terrestrial channel BBC2 .
CFL on CTV was a presentation of Canadian Football League football aired on the CTV Television Network from 1962 to 1986 .
Supernormal is a children 's television programme for CITV .
Tu Mañana was a Puerto Rican breakfast television show that is broadcast on the Univision Puerto Rico television network .
Muddling Through is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from July 9 , 1994 to September 7 , 1994 .
Heartbreak High was a popular Australian television programme that ran for five years , through seven seasons from 1994 to 1999 on both Network Ten and ABC .
Dyo Xenoi ( in English Two Strangers ) was a Greek comedy series that was aired in Mega Channel for two seasons ( 1997 - 98 and 1998 - 99 ) .
Show Us Your Wits is a Playboy TV adult game show based out of the Las Vegas Palomino Strip Club and hosted by Daphnee Duplaix .
Meu Pedacinho de Chão ( English : My Little Piece of Ground ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo .
I Love Betty La Fea ( stylized as i ♥ Betty La Fea ) is a Philippine drama series that was aired on ABS - CBN , based on the Colombian series Yo soy Betty , la fea from RCN Televisión that began airing on September 8 , 2008 and ended on April 24 , 2009 .
Saath Saath Banayenge Ek Aashiyaan is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee TV starting from 10 March 2008 until 6 November 2008 , based on the concept of how culture impacts on an individual 's life .
Today with Kris Aquino was a Philippine talk show hosted by actress Kris Aquino which premiered on November 18 , 1996 on ABS - CBN .
Broadchurch is a British television crime drama broadcast on ITV .
Terry and Me is a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1956 .
Untamed China with Nigel Marven is British six - part nature documentary series presented by Nigel Marven and made by Image Impact and WonderVision Pictures for television channels Animal Planet and CITVC China in 2011 .
Password Plus and Super Password aired on NBC , and were taped on Stage 3 at NBC Studios in Burbank , California .
This Is How I Made It is an American reality - documentary television series on MTV .
Hellcats is an American cheerleading comedy - drama television series that originally aired on The CW in the United States from September 8 , 2010 to May 17 , 2011 .
Anna & Katy is a British comedy sketch show , beginning on Channel 4 on 6 March 2013 following a pilot edition as part of the Comedy Lab series in 2011 .
Undressed is an American anthology series that aired on MTV from July 26 , 1999 to September 5 , 2002 .
ESPN College Basketball on ABC ( originally College Basketball on ABC ) is the branding formerly used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I college basketball games produced by ESPN , and televised on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .
Banoo Main Teri Dulhann ( English : I will be your bride ) is an Indian soap opera that aired on Zee TV channel 14 August 2006 through May 2009 .
Clue Club ( re - titled Woofer & Wimper , Dog Detectives in 1977 - -78 ) is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions and broadcast on CBS from August 14 , 1976 to September 3 , 1977 .
Play Your Cards Right broadcast on ITV from 1980 to 1987 , produced by LWT .
Touched by an Angel is an American supernatural drama series that premiered on CBS on September 21 , 1994 , and ran for 211 episodes and nine seasons until its conclusion on April 27 , 2003 .
The Kudlow Report was a news television program about business and politics hosted by Lawrence Kudlow , that aired on the CNBC television channel at 7 pm ET until March 28 , 2014 .
Prehistoric Park is a six - episode docu - fiction television mini - series that premiered on ITV on 22 July 2006 and on Animal Planet on 29 October 2006 .
Lovespring International is an American comedy series created by Guy Shalem and Brad Isaacs which aired on Lifetime on Mondays at 11 pm during the Summer of 2006 in the United States .
Pardon the Interruption ( abbreviated PTI ) is a sports television show that airs weekdays on various ESPN TV channels , TSN , ESPN America , XM , and Sirius satellite radio services , and as a downloadable podcast .
Ireland AM is an Irish morning television show on TV3 .
Terry Pratchett 's Going Postal is a two - part television adaptation of Going Postal by Terry Pratchett , adapted by Richard Kurti and Bev Doyle and produced by The Mob , which was first broadcast on Sky1 , and in high definition on Sky1 HD , at the end of May 2010 .
Women of the House is an American sitcom which was broadcast on CBS from January 4 , 1995 to August 18 , 1995 and the last four episodes were broadcast on the Lifetime network on September 8 , 1995 .
Sahara with Michael Palin is a four - part BBC television series presented by British comedian and travel presenter Michael Palin , and first broadcast in 2002 .
Diagnosis X is a television program on the channel TLC and Discovery Health .
Atlantic Summer was a Canadian informational television series which aired on CBC Television from 1978 to 1979 .
Great Lake Warriors is an American and Canadian reality television series on History that premiered on July 19 , 2012 .
18 Stone of Idiot is a British television programme broadcast on Channel 4 in 2005 designed as a vehicle for Johnny Vegas and produced by Chris Evans .
The Ray Bradbury Theater is an anthology series that ran for two seasons on HBO , three episodes per season from 1985 to 1986 , and four additional seasons on USA Network from 1988 to 1992 .
Monday Night Countdown , which debuted in 1993 on ESPN , is a television program featuring analysis and news on that night 's NFL match to be broadcast on ESPN .
Skag is an American drama series that aired on NBC and starred Karl Malden .
Hannity 's America was a weekly American talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by Sean Hannity .
Sam 's Game was a celebrity poker program on Playboy TV .
Project G.e.e . K.e . R. is an animated television series that premiered on CBS on September 14 , 1996 .
Guys Next Door is an American television series aired on NBC in the 1990 - 1991 season as part of its Saturday lineup .
The Lux Video Theatre was a spin - off from the successful Lux Radio Theater series broadcast on the NBC Blue Network ( 1934 - 1935 ) and CBS ( 1935 - -55 ) .
World 's Toughest Fixes is an American reality series that premiered on the National Geographic Channel on September 28 , 2008 .
High Chaparall is a Swedish television program which first aired in 2003 on the Kanal 5 network .
The Unpleasant World of Penn & Teller was a British magic show presented by Penn & Teller in 1994 on Channel 4 .
Adventure Playhouse is the umbrella title of an early American television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network .
Heartburn Hotel was a British sitcom which ran for two seasons , with thirteen episodes , on BBC television in 1998 - 2000 , each series was 6 episodes long and one special was aired in December 1998 .
The Girls Next Door , also known as The Girls of the Playboy Mansion , is a reality television series which originally aired on E ! from August 7 , 2005 until August 8 , 2010 .
Weekend Today is the unofficial title of the Saturday and Sunday editions of Today , an American morning news and talk program that airs daily on NBC .
Yunnan Adventure with Nigel Marven is one - hour British nature documentary made by Image Impact production company for Eden Channel and Yunnan TV , which was first broadcast in February 2012 .
2000 Malibu Road is a prime time American soap opera that aired on CBS in the summer of 1992 .
Charlie Had One But He Did n't Like It , So He Gave It To Us is a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966 .
Lo que el cielo no perdona ( English title : What heaven will not forgive ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Fernando Chacón for Canal de las Estrellas in 1982 .
Camp Runamuck is an American sitcom which aired on NBC during the 1965 - 1966 television season .
Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay ( Tagalog : So Long Have I Waited For You ) is a Filipino soap opera , produced by ABS - CBN and Star Cinema .
The Voice of Greece is a Greek television talent show with its first season premiering on January 10 , 2014 on ANT1 ( Cyprus and Greece ) .
Alpha Scorpio was a short - lived Australian children 's science fiction television series , written and produced by James Davern , and which aired on ABC Television in 1974 .
El Gen Argentino ( Spanish for `` The Argentine Gene '' ) was an Argentine television programme aired on Telefe to determine who the public considered `` the greatest Argentine in history '' .
Muchacha de barrio ( English : Neighborhood Girl ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ernesto Alonso for Canal de las Estrellas in 1979 .
Market Week is business network CNBC 's program aired in the past , hosted with Maria Bartiromo .
TG2 ( TeleGiornale 2 ) is the brand for the news programmes of Rai 2 , the Italian state - owned television channel .
The Bill is a British police procedural television series that was broadcast on the ITV network from 16 October 1984 until 31 August 2010 .
The programme ran on ITV from 6 January 1980 to 6 December 2002 before being revived by the same channel in 2006 under the title of All Star Family Fortunes .
Earth Warp is a story produced by the BBC as part of their Look and Read programme .
The News with Brian Williams ( later known as The News on CNBC ) is an American news program which premiered on July 15 , 1996 , the first MSNBC 's day on the air .
Last Tango in Halifax is a British romantic drama series that started airing on BBC One on 20 November 2012 .
Property Wars is an American reality television series that airs on the Discovery Channel and premiered on July 12 , 2012 .
The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch was a talk show on CNBC hosted by Donny Deutsch .
The New Adventures of Robin Hood is a television series that premiered on January 13 , 1997 on TNT .
Neem Ka Ped first aired in 1991 on the Indian state television channel DD National , which is owned and operated by Doordarshan network.first broadcast on Doordarshan ( Indian public television ) in 1991 .
A Little Curious is a children 's television show which was produced in 1998 - 2000 and aired on HBO Family since 1999 .
Wizards of Waverly Place is an American fantasy teen sitcom which ran from October 12 , 2007 to January 6 , 2012 on Disney Channel .
King of the Crown is an American reality television series that debuted on TLC in 2009 .
Empty Nest is an American sitcom that originally aired on NBC from 1988 to 1995 .
Judge John Deed is a British legal drama television series produced by the BBC in association with One - Eyed Dog for BBC One .
Facing Evil with Candice DeLong is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted on November 25 , 2010 , as a two - part special , which later turned into a full series .
American Thunder is a weekly television show on the Speed ( TV channel ) focusing on American V - twin choppers , including the bikes , parts , lifestyle and culture .
Förkväll ( 2006 - -2007 , 2009 - -2011 ) was a Swedish daily talk show that started airing in 2006 on TV4 .
A Midsummer Theatre was a Canadian dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television in 1958 .
Animal Precinct is an American documentary reality television series that originally aired from June 26 , 2001 , to February 4 , 2008 , on Animal Planet .
Cinematech was a TV show on G4 and G4techTV that showcases various cutscenes and trailers for video games past , present , and upcoming .
Hollywood Exes is an American reality television series that debuted on June 27 , 2012 , and airs on VH1 .
Calvento Files was a crime and investigative show which aired on ABS - CBN from 1995 to 1998 .
Hold That Camera is an American game show that ran on the DuMont Television Network 's primetime schedule from August 27 to December 15 , 1950 .
It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia ( sometimes referred to as Always Sunny or simply Sunny ) is an American television sitcom that premiered on FX on August 4 , 2005 .
Days of Our Lives ( also stylized as Days of our Lives ; often abbreviated to DOOL or Days ) is an American daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network .
The Catherine Tate Show airs on BBC Two and is shown worldwide through the BBC .
History Hunters was a British television series that aired on Channel 4 from 1998 to 1999 .
Donald Duck 's 50th Birthday is the 1984 television special broadcast on The Magical World of Disney on November 13 , 1984 on CBS .
Barriga de Aluguel ( English : Belly Rent ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from August 20 , 1990 to May 31 , 1991 in 243 episodes .
Mr. Novak is an American dramatic series starring James Franciscus in the title role , which aired on NBC for two seasons , from 1963 to 1965 .
Histerinae is a subfamily of the Histeridae family of Beetles
Vera Harsányi ( 12 October 1919 -- 1994 ) , or Vera Szekely , was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics , and a Hungarian artists .
Étienne Dagon ( born 13 September 1960 in Biel / Bienne ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Switzerland who won the bronze medal in the men 's 200 m breaststroke at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Chiara Cainero ( Born March 24 , 1978 in Udine , Italy ) is an Italian sport shooter who won a gold medal in Skeet at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Dorjzovdyn Ganbat ( born 15 August 1950 ) is a Mongolian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Walter Schuster ( born June 2 , 1929 ) is an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Miroslav Kostadinov ( Bulgarian : Мирослав Костадинов born 10 March 1976 ) is a Bulgarian singer and songwriter who represented Bulgaria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song `` Angel si ti '' .
Mithat Yıldırım competed for Turkey at the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics in cross country 10 km ( classical ) and 10 km events .
Mariko Ebralidze ( Georgian : მარიკო ებრალიძე ; born 1984 ) is a Georgian jazz singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 along with the group The Shin with the song `` Three Minutes to Earth '' .
Paul Gailly ( born 2 August 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian water polo player who won silver medals at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics .
Lin Kun - han , ( Chinese : 林琨瀚 ; pinyin : Lín Kūnhàn ; Wade -- Giles : Lin2 Kun1 Han4 ; born January 5 , 1968 ) , is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Antony Matkovich ( born 12 June 1977 ) is an Australian former freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Per Mattson was a Swedish rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Junichi Kuriuzawa ( born 25 February 1965 in Ōfunato ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Lucien Theys ( 15 February 1927 -- 19 January 1996 ) was a Belgian long - distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Lauren Meece ( born 6 February 1983 ) is an American former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Monika Linkytė ( born 3 June 1992 ) is Lithuanian singer who represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Vaidas Baumila with the song `` This Time '' .
Christine Ferneck ( born April 29 , 1968 in Munich , Bayern ) is a former field hockey player from Germany , who was a member of the national squad that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Basil Spalding de Garmendia ( February 28 , 1860 -- November 9 , 1932 ) was an American tennis player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Étienne Guibel ( born August 7 , 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Marlon Shirley competed in the 2000 Summer Paralympics in the 4x100 m and long jump as well as a silver in the high jump and a gold in the 100 m .
Andreas Vevera ( born 1971 ) is a gold medalist in table tennis at the 2008 Summer Paralympics .
Tokusaburo Iwata ( born 18 February 1901 ) was a Japanese sport shooter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Leonardo Binchi ( born 27 August 1975 ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Hiroomi Yamada ( 4 March 1942 -- 21 October 1981 ) was a Japanese long jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Hans - Gunnar Liljenwall ( born 9 July 1941 ) is a Swedish modern pentathlete who caused the disqualification of the Swedish men 's team at the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City for his alcohol use .
Vadims Vasiļevskis ( born 5 January 1982 in Riga ) is a Latvian javelin thrower , a silver medalist of 2004 Summer Olympics .
Sandro Tomaš ( born October 9 , 1972 in Zagreb ) is a former medley swimmer from Croatia , who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Kim Bong - soo ( born November 30 , 1962 in Seoul ) is a former tennis player from South Korea , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he scored an upset win over the fancied French contender Henri Leconte .
The 2010 FIFA World Cup was Lúcio 's third World Cup .
Keith Collin ( 18 January 1937 -- March 1991 ) was a British diver who won the gold medal in the Men 's 3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) springboard diving at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games and competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
SS - Stabsscharführer Otto Stadie ( 10 March 1897 -- 28 July 1977 ) was a German nurse and member of the Action T4 Nazi euthanasia programme .
Richard Rau ( 26 August 1889 -- 6 November 1945 ) was a German SS officer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
María Caridad Colón Rueñes - Salazar ( born March 25 , 1958 in Baracoa ) is a former javelin thrower from Cuba who won the gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Reed Zuehlke , born Reed Johann Zuehlke on October 26 , 1960 in Eau Claire , Wisconsin . , was an athlete from the United States in the ski jumping competition at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid and the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo .
Rob Reckers ( born 29 August 1981 in Eindhoven , Noord - Brabant ) is a field hockey player from the Netherlands , who won the silver medal with the Dutch national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Felix Würth ( born 11 August 1923 ) is an Austrian former long and triple jumper who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Samir Barać ( born 2 November 1973 ) is a Croatian water polo player who competed in the 2000 , 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Martti Uosikkinen ( 20 August 1909 in Kuopio -- 9 March 1940 ) was a Finnish gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics , in the 1932 Summer Olympics , and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Rafael Hechanova , Sr . ( born 8 July 1928 ) is a Filipino former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Erich Zander ( born April 11 , 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a German field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Zoltán Dömötör ( born August 21 , 1935 ) is a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics , in the 1964 Summer Olympics , and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Hein - Direck Neu ( born 13 February 1944 ) is a German former discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics , in the 1972 Summer Olympics , and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Masami Tachikawa ( 立川真紗美 , born 16 November 1980 ) is a Japanese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Cahit Önel ( 23 November 1927 -- 17 September 1970 ) was a Turkish middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics , in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1960 Summer Olympics , and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Giacomo Puosi ( born 30 March 1946 ) is an Italian former sprinter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Ignacio Romo Porchas ( July 17 , 1924 -- March 11 , 2007 ) played for the Mexico national basketball team in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
Michal Barda ( born 27 June 1955 ) is a Czech former handball goalkeeper and coach who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Volodymyr Antonyuk is a Ukrainian Paralympic footballer who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in China .
Luca Tesconi ( born January 3 , 1982 ) is an Italian sports shooter who won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Mohamed Abarhoun ( born 3 May 1989 ) is a Moroccan footballer who played at the 2012 Summer Olympics , making 3 appearances in the tournament .
Chow Tsz Ki ( Chinese : 周梓琪 ; Jyutping : zau1 zi2 kei4 ; born 12 November 1972 , in Korea ) is a fencer from Hong Kong , China who won two bronze medals at the 2006 Asian Games in the women 's sabre individual and team competitions .
Tadeusz Rutkowski ( born 25 April 1951 in Kraków ) is a Polish former weightlifter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Anke Schumann ( born 21 July 1959 ) is a German sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Karl Ritter von Halt was a track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Jacob Opdahl ( 15 January 1894 -- 21 March 1938 ) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Michele Orecchia ( 26 December 1903 -- 11 December 1981 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer , who won one stage in the 1932 Tour de France .
Seo Jong - ho ( born 20 June 1980 ) is a South Korean former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , the 2004 Summer Olympics , the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Ralph Berzsenyi ( German : Erich Beusterien , 26 February 1909 -- 10 June 1978 ) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Volodymyr Demchenko ( born 16 April 1981 ) is an Ukrainian sprinter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
John Scott Leary ( December 29 , 1881 -- July 1 , 1958 ) was an American freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis , Missouri .
Claude Lambert ( born February 16 , 1969 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired boxer from Canada , who competed in the bantamweight ( < 54 kg ) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Colette Besson ( 7 April 1946 -- 9 August 2005 ) was a French athlete , the surprise winner of the 400 m at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City .
Stanislav Lusk ( November 12 , 1931 -- May 6 , 1987 ) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Magdalena Brunner ( born 10 April 1983 ) is a Swiss synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
József Navarrete ( born 16 December 1965 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won a silver medal in the team sabre competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta together with Bence Szabó and Csaba Köves .
Mario Delač ( born March 15 , 1985 in Zagreb ) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia , who made his Olympic debut for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
María del Risco ( born 23 August 1960 ) is a Peruvian former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , in the 1980 Summer Olympics , and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Zurab Zviadauri ( born July 2 , 1981 ) is a Georgian judoka who competed in the Men 's 90 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal .
Aleksandr Panfilov ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Панфи́лов ; born 11 October 1960 ) is a retired track cyclist who competed for the USSR at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , winning a silver medal in the 1 km time trial .
José van der Ploeg ( born May 4 , 1958 ) is a Spanish sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , where he won gold medal in the Finn Class .
Yuri Confortola ( born April 24 , 1986 in Tirano ) is a short - track speed - skater who competed for Italy at the 2006 Winter Olympics , at the 2010 Winter Olympics and at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Park Seung - ok ( born 28 January 1938 ) is a South Korean former footballer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Xiong Ni ( Chinese : 熊倪 ; pinyin : Xióng Ní ; born January 11 , 1974 in Changsha , Hunan ) is a Chinese diver who won his first Olympic medal at the age of 14 at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , Korea .
Valeria Zorzetto ( born in Vicenza on 21 April 1969 ) is an Italian paralympic athlete that won a medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics .
Werner Klingelfuss ( born June 11 , 1913 ) is a Swiss canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Algernon Maudslay CBE ( 10 January 1873 -- 2 March 1948 ) was a sailor from Great Britain , who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan , France .
Cenk İldem represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics without advancing to the finals .
Antonio Genato ( born 9 June 1929 ) is a Filipino former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and at the 1954 FIBA World Championship .
Guo Wei Zhong has competed in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Paralympics , on both occasion he competed in the long jump and won silver in the high jump .
Albert Mayaud ( 31 March 1899 -- 14 August 1987 ) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics .
Ali Baghbanbashi ( Persian : علی باغبان‌‌باشی‎ , born 6 September , 1924 ) is an Iranian former long - distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and also in the 1951 Asian Games and 1958 Asian Games .
Fritz Feierabend ( 29 June 1908 -- 25 November 1978 ) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed at 1936 , 1948 and 1952 Winter Olympics .
Cosme Prenafeta García ( born December 9 , 1971 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish volleyball player who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Kazuya Takeuchi ( born 29 August 1941 ) is a Japanese former water polo player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Mariana Rossi ( born 2 January 1979 in Vicente López , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine field hockey player , who won a bronze medal with the national women 's hockey team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Zsuzsa Jánosi ( born 19 November , 1963 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won a bronze medal in the team foil competition at the 1988 Summer Olympics , in Seoul together with Zsuzsanna Szőcs , Katalin Tuschák , Edit Kovács and Gertrúd Stefanek .
Borivoje Vukov ( July 8 , 1929 -- July 1 , 2010 ) was a Serbian wrestler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , in the 1956 Summer Olympics , and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
João Ferreira , usually known as Bigode -- moustache , in Portuguese ( April 4 , 1922 -- July 31 , 2003 ) , -- was a Brazilian footballer who played left back who played in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Berta Hrubá ( 8 April 1946 -- 24 July 1998 ) was a Czech field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Christiane Pielke ( born 12 May 1963 in Hannover ) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics .
Hugh Durant ( 23 February 1877 -- 20 January 1916 ) was a British sport shooter and modern pentathlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Nojim Maiyegun ( born February 21 , 1944 in Lagos ) is a retired Nigerian boxer , who won the bronze medal in the men 's Light Middleweight ( 71 kg ) category at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
Floris Jan Bovelander ( born January 19 , 1966 in Haarlem ) is a former field hockey player from the Netherlands , who was a member of the Dutch national squad that won the golden medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .
Artur Wojdat ( born 20 May 1968 in Olsztyn ) is a former international swimmer from Poland , who won the bronze medal in the men 's 400 metres freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Agnete Olsen , later Granholm ( December 22 , 1909 -- September 13 , 1997 ) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Jan Hesterman ( 18 March 1893 , Amsterdam -- 16 December 1963 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Radosław Horbik ( born March 29 , 1977 in Wrocław ) was a Polish Freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Josef Schleinkofer ( March 19 , 1910 in Munich -- 1984 ) was a German boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Roberto Monzón González ( born 30 March 1978 ) is a Cuban wrestler who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Şeref Eroğlu ( born 25 November 1975 in Kahramanmaraş ) is a Turkish wrestler who competed in the Men 's Greco - Roman 66 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal .
Joan McSheehy ( July 22 , 1913 -- April 16 , 1948 ) , also known by her married name Joan Huffman , was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Michel Frédérick ( 6 November 1872 -- 22 June 1912 ) was a Swiss professional road bicycle racer , who won the first stage of the 1904 Tour de France , and was leading the classification for one day , the second non - French person to do so after Charles Laeser in the 1903 Tour de France .
Bror Albert Öberg ( August 24 , 1888 -- May 12 , 1990 ) was a Swedish athlete who competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Linda Moes ( born September 24 , 1971 in Veendam , Groningen ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from The Netherlands , who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Linda Faber ( born 29 February 1960 in Veenendaal , Utrecht ) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
János Simon ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈjaːnoʃ ˈʃimon ) ; 1 March 1929 -- 31 October 2010 ) was a Hungarian basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Manfred Kokot ( born January 3 , 1948 in Templin , Brandenburg ) is a former East German athlete , who won the silver medal in the 4x100 m relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Francis Barrett ( born February 7 , 1977 in Galway , Ireland ) , commonly known as Francie Barrett , is an Irish professional boxer , who represented Ireland at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Mitko Khadzhiev ( Bulgarian : Митко Хаджиев ) ( born 24 February 1961 ) is a Bulgarian former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics .
Dumitru Cipere ( born October 22 , 1957 ) is a retired boxer from Romania , who competed in the bantamweight ( < 54 kg ) division at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union .
François Blank ( December 30 , 1930 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics .
Kornelia Ender ( born 25 October 1958 in Plauen , Saxony ) is a former East German swimmer who at the 1976 Summer Olympics became the first woman swimmer to win four gold medals at a single Olympic Games , all in world record times .
Robert van der Veen ( September 26 , 1906 in Shanghai , Empire of China -- March 18 , 1996 in Jette , Belgium ) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Petar Šegvić ( June 25 , 1930 -- June 7 , 1990 ) was a Croatian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia .
Nataliya Rusnachenko ( Ukrainian : Наталія Русначенко , born May 13 , 1969 ) is a Ukrainian former handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for Austria in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Georgios Papavasileiou ( Greek : Γεώργιος Παπαβασιλείου ; born 10 December 1930 in Arethousa , Central Macedonia ) is a Greek former middle - distance and steeplechase runner who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Leon Jucewicz ( November 18 , 1902 -- January 13 , 1984 ) was a Polish speed skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics .
Mirza Khan ( born 15 December 1924 ) was a Pakistani hurdler who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Guo Cui ( Chinese : 郭毳 , born 26 February 1975 ) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Paul Hamm competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , with his twin brother Morgan Hamm .
On March 24 , 2008 Alexandros Nikolaidis had the honour to be the first torch - bearer of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay .
A member of the 1966 FIFA World Cup squad of West Germany , Günter Bernard joined SV Werder Bremen in the founding year of Bundesliga from boyhood outfit Schweinfurt 05 , for whom he had played top - tier matches in the Oberliga Süd since 1958 .
Patricia Castro Ortega ( born August 6 , 1992 in Madrid ) is a Spanish freestyle and relay swimmer , who was selected to the national team to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Wojciech Bartnik ( born December 2 , 1967 in Olesnica ) is a former southpaw boxer from Poland , who won a Light Heavyweight Bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
On July 7 , 2007 , Shakira opened the German leg of Live Earth in Hamburg .
Miquel Orobitg Guitart is a Spanish disability shooter who has represented Spain at the 1996 , 2000 , 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Mohammed El Filali ( Arabic : محمد الفيلالي‎ ) ( born 9 July 1945 ) is a Moroccan football forward who played for the Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup .
Andrej Klinar ( 5 February 1942 in Jesenice -- 5 April 2011 in Bled ) was a Slovenian alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1964 Winter Olympics and 1968 Winter Olympics .
Roman Lešek ( born 7 August 1937 in Celje ) is a Slovenian former pole vaulter who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Hans Bourquin ( 16 October 1914 -- 1998 ) was a Swiss rowing coxswain who won the gold medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics , aged 13 .
Feng Fei ( simplified Chinese : 冯飞 ; traditional Chinese : 馮飛 ; pinyin : Féng Fēi ; born 18 February 1983 in Chengdu , Sichuan , China ) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Song Nina ( Chinese : 宋妮娜 ; born April 7 , 1980 ) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Franck David ( born 21 March 1970 in Paris ) is a French sailor who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , where he won the gold medal in the Men 's Lechner Sailboard Class .
Laura Reynolds ( born 21 January 1989 ) is an Irish long distance race walker , from Eslin , Leitrim who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 20k walk .
Elias Recaido ( born May 15 , 1970 ) is a retired boxer from the Philippines , who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Marco Venturini ( born 12 July 1960 ) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , the 2000 Summer Olympics , and the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Erik Algot Fredriksson ( 13 June 1885 -- 14 May 1930 ) a Swedish policeman who won a gold medal in the tug of war competition at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Perikles Kakousis ( Greek : Περικλής Κακούσης , born 1879 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek weightlifter who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics .
Saleh Khoulef ( born March 30 , 1975 ) is an Egyptian boxer . , He competed in the light welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Paul Isberg ( September 2 , 1882 , Helsingborg , Scania -- March 5 , 1955 ) was a Swedish sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Ariel Olascoaga ( 26 August 1929 -- 22 August 2010 ) was an Uruguayan basketball player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Andrzej Sajkowski ( born May 21 , 1952 ) is a former long - distance runner from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , USSR .
Detlef Gerstenberg ( born 5 March 1957 -- died 24 January 1993 ) was a hammer thrower from East Germany , who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics for his native country .
Arigo Padovan ( Castelbaldo , 16 June 1927 ) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer , who won stages in both the Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia .
Thomas Swindlehurst ( 21 May 1874 -- 15 March 1959 ) was a British tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
John Michael Beresford ( born 1934 ) is a former British rower who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Ruan Yi ( born 17 July 1981 ) is a Chinese former swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Sergey Belyayev ( Сергей Беляев ; born May 8 , 1960 ) is a Kazakhstani shooter , who won two silver medals in 50 metre rifle at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .
Dora Honnywill ( née Neve , 17 December 1870 -- 18 March 1959 ) was a British archer who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
`` Hùg Air A ' Bhonaid Mhòir '' ( Celebrate the Big Bonnet ) is the second single taken from Julie Fowlis 's second album Cuilidh , released the previous year .
Ultramega OK is the debut full - length studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden , released on October 31 , 1988 through SST Records .
Almost Goodbye is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt .
`` J'adore Hardcore '' is a single by German hard dance group Scooter .
`` Another Honky - Tonk Night on Broadway '' is a song written by Steve Dorff , Snuff Garrett and Milton Brown , and recorded by American country music artists David Frizzell and Shelly West as a duet .
Giving You the Best That I Got is the third album by the American R&B / soul singer Anita Baker .
`` West End Riot '' was the fourth single taken from Australian rock group , The Living End 's debut self - titled album .
`` Automatisch '' and `` Automatic '' are the first singles from German pop rock band Tokio Hotel 's third German studio album and second English studio album Humanoid .
`` Love Never Dies ( Back for the First Time ) '' is a song performed by British dubstep music producer Caspa and singer - songwriter Mr Hudson .
Desitively Bonnaroo is a 1974 album by New Orleans rhythm and blues legend Dr. John .
`` She Ai n't Worth It '' is a song recorded by Glenn Medeiros with a rap verse from singer Bobby Brown .
`` No Substitute Love '' is the third single from English hip - hop artist Estelle 's second album Shine .
Little Earthquakes is the debut solo album of singer / songwriter Tori Amos , featuring the singles `` Silent All These Years '' , `` China '' , `` Winter '' and `` Crucify '' .
October is the Kindest Month is the seventh studio album by folk - singer John Craigie .
De wereld rond ( English : Around the World ) is the sixth studio album by the Belgian girlgroup K3 .
Trilenium is the third studio album released by the German DJ Sash!.
Future Rhythm is the fourth album from rap group , Digital Underground , and also marks their first independent release .
BombShellShocked is the fourth album ( third full - length album ) from the Eric Stuart Band ( ESB ) in which Eric Stuart is the songwriter and lead singer .
Singing in the Trees ( simplified Chinese : 在树上唱歌 ; traditional Chinese : 在樹上唱歌 ) is the third studio album by Claire Kuo .
`` Hey Young World '' is the third single released from Slick Rick 's debut album , The Great Adventures of Slick Rick .
Beneath the Radar is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand hip - hop artist , Che Fu .
Ayza El Radd ( or sometimes Ayza El Rad ) is the 2nd album of Lebanese artist Nawal Al Zoghbi .
Live Timeline is a live album by rock band Wishbone Ash .
A porchettata ( The Pork Feast ) is an album by Catarrhal Noise .
Ako Denot Mi E Nokj ( in Macedonian : Ако Денот Ми Е Ноќ , English : If Daylight is My Night ) is the second solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi .
`` Cotton Jenny '' is a single by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray .
`` Down Down '' is a popular song by the English rock band , Status Quo .
Everybody Wants to Be on TV is the second studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls .
Werk 80 II is the eighth full - length album by German industrial gothic metal band Atrocity , released on February 29 , 2008 and their 2nd full - length cover album after the original Werk 80 album released in 1997 .
`` ( How Could You ) Bring Him Home '' is a song by American pop / R&B singer - songwriter / harmonicist Eamon .
100 Miles from Memphis is the eighth studio album by American singer - songwriter Sheryl Crow .
Impossible Dream is Patty Griffin 's fifth commercially released album , and fourth studio album .
Circle in the Round is a 1979 compilation album by jazz musician Miles Davis .
Little Bit of Everything is the third studio album of American country music singer Billy Currington .
`` A Funky Space Reincarnation '' is a 1978 funk single recorded and released in 1979 by Marvin Gaye on the Tamla label .
Black Forest Bluegrass is a recording of the music of Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach , featuring the composer and `` a bluegrass band with a Baroque orchestra , a wind octet with toys , a commercial with a snake -- this album has it all ! ''
`` Blue Moon of Kentucky '' is a waltz written in 1946 by bluegrass musician Bill Monroe and recorded by his band , The Blue Grass Boys .
Buck Jam Tonic is a double album of improvised music by John Zorn , Bill Laswell & Tatsuya Nakamura released on the Japanese WildDisk label in 2003 and consists of one disc mixed in Tokyo and another mixed in New York City .
Your Turn to Fall is the seventh Jandek album , and was released as Corwood 0745 .
`` Si Tú Me Amaras '' ( English : If You Love Me ) is a song written by Rudy Pérez and performed by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro .
Nerve Net is a 1992 music album by the British musician Brian Eno .
Televisão de Cachorro is the fourth studio album of the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu .
Busse Woods is the second full - length album by stoner metal band Acid King .
`` Do What U Like '' is the debut single by English boy band Take That .
Beyond the Sundial is the second album from American new - age pianist Kevin Kern .
`` I Want to Be Gay '' is the fourth single released by singer and comedian Julie Brown .
The Thirteenth Dream was the second ( and final ) `` reunion '' album from Spirit .
`` Back When '' is a song written by Stan Lynch , Stephony Smith and Jeff Stevens , and performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw .
Heirs to Thievery is the fourth full length album by American deathgrind band Misery Index .
Eat at Whitey 's ( 2000 ) is the third solo album by Everlast .
Cobra Blood Hangover is the third and final studio album by The International Playboys , released in 2006 ( see 2006 in music ) and was their first album with Australian Cattle God Records .
Entertainment Program for Humans ( Second Variety ) is Servotron 's second and final album .
`` Freelove '' is a song by English electronic group Depeche Mode .
`` Color of Soul '' ( stylized as COLOR OF SOUL ) is a song by Japanese singer Kumi Koda , released as her third single in Japan .
`` All for the Love of Sunshine '' is a song recorded by American country music singer Hank Williams Jr ..
Hundred Year Hall is a two - CD live album by the Grateful Dead .
`` Run ( I 'm a Natural Disaster ) '' , also known more commonly as `` Run '' , is a song written and recorded by Gnarls Barkley .
`` We No Speak Americano '' is a song by Australian band Yolanda Be Cool and producer DCUP .
Everything You See is the thirteenth album by the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig , released by Ridge Records in the United Kingdom on 14 May 2007 .
`` Fooled by a Smile '' is a 1987 song by the British pop act Swing Out Sister .
Low Flame is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1962 and released on the Jazzland label .
Extinct Instinct is the third studio album by British progressive metal band Threshold , released in 1997 .
See the Morning is an album that was released on September 26 , 2006 by Chris Tomlin .
`` Tuesday 's Gone '' is the second track on Lynyrd Skynyrd 's first album , ( Pronounced ' lĕh-'nérd ' skin-'nérd ) .
Do n't Condemn This Dying is the second studio album by American hardcore heavy metal band Painstake , released on August 31 , 1999 .
`` He Do n't Love You '' is a song by Human Nature , released as the first single from their album Human Nature .
RIITIIR , occasionally typeset as `` RIITIIЯ , '' is the twelfth studio album from the Norwegian metal band Enslaved .
As Trees Walking is the 2002 debut studio solo album by Mitch Dorge .
Sickness of the Ages is the first full length album by the hardcore / thrash band I Hate Sally .
From There to Here : 1989 - 2002 is an album by Brian McKnight , which was released on November 5 , 2002 following the release of his first two top - ten albums , 1999 's Back at One and 2001 's Superhero .
Object 47 is the eleventh studio album by the English post punk band Wire , named so because it is the 47th item in the Wire discography - a methodology harking back to the name of their 1979 album , 154 , which was named after the number of concerts they had played to that point .
`` Sometime Around Midnight '' is a song by The Airborne Toxic Event from their self - titled debut album , and was released as a UK single on February 2 , 2009 .
`` You 're the Best Thing '' is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their sixth single to be released .
So , It 's Like That is the second studio album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa .
`` Hips Do n't Lie '' is a song by Colombian singer - songwriter Shakira featuring Haitian rapper Wyclef Jean for the reissue of Shakira 's seventh studio album , Oral Fixation , Vol . 2 .
The Unicorn is the debut studio album of the Canadian Irish folk music group The Irish Rovers , released in 1967 and topped the charts in 1968 .
Jinsei×Boku= ( 人生×僕= Jinsei Kakete Boku wa , lit . Life Times Me Equals ) is the sixth full - length album by the Japanese band , One Ok Rock .
`` All Good ? '' is the second single from De La Soul 's fifth album , Art Official Intelligence :
`` Giving Myself '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Jennifer Hudson .
Live at River Plate is a live concert DVD documenting AC / DC 's Black Ice World Tour .
Fractal Possession is the seventh studio album by Austrian black metal band Abigor .
Rock ' n Roll Nightmare is an album by hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD , released in 1987 .
`` If I Had Eyes '' is the first single from Hawaiian singer - songwriter Jack Johnson 's album Sleep Through the Static .
Fancy Meeting You Here is a 1958 RCA Victor studio album of duets by the American singers Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney , arranged by Billy May who also conducted the orchestra .
His Hand in Mine is the twelfth studio album by Elvis Presley , released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo , LPM / LSP 2328 , in November 1960 .
Rock ' n ' Roll Will Never Die is a studio album by recording artist Wesley Willis .
Waiting for Herb is a 1993 album by The Pogues , their first without former lead singer Shane MacGowan .
Dichotomy B is the 2004 follow up the GRITS previous effort , Dichotomy A.
Den blå hund ( English : The Blue Dog ) is the eleventh album released 1984 by the Danish rock band Gnags .
Wrote a Song for Everyone is the ninth solo studio album by John Fogerty , released on May 27 , 2013 in Europe , and on May 28 , 2013 ( Fogerty 's 68th birthday ) in the United States .
Goodbye Swingtime is the first studio album by The Matthew Herbert Big Band .
`` I 'm Not Who I Was '' is a song by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath , and was the lead single from his debut album Do n't Get Comfortable ( 2006 ) .
Whatever You Want is the twelfth studio 1979 rock album by the British band Status Quo .
Gichi / Ayatsuri ningyou / Karakuri no soko ( ギチ・あやつり人形・カラクリの底 ) is a compilation EP by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets .
`` Merry Christmas Darling '' is a Christmas song by The Carpenters , written by Richard Carpenter and Frank Pooler and originally recorded in 1970 .
Falling in Love with Jazz is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , released on the Milestone label in 1991 , featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson , Bob Cranshaw , Mark Soskin , Jerome Harris and Jack DeJohnette with Branford Marsalis , Tommy Flanagan , and Jeff Watts standing in on two tracks .
All This Useless Beauty is the seventeenth studio album by the English singer - songwriter Elvis Costello , released as Warner Brothers 46198 .
Last Fantasy is the second Korean - language studio album by South Korean singer - songwriter and actress IU .
Haciendo Historia ( English : Making History ) is Xtreme 's second album .
`` Good Woman Blues '' is a song written by Ken McDuffie and recorded by American country music artist Mel Tillis .
Vilja Bli ( Wanting to Become ) is the first solo album of the Swedish singer Oskar Linnros after leaving the group Snook .
Evaisthisies ( Sensitivities ) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi .
The Manticore and Other Horrors is the tenth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth .
`` When You 're Looking Like That '' is a song by Irish boy band Westlife from their second studio album , Coast to Coast ( 2000 ) .
Kati Apo Mena ( Greek : Κάτι Από ΄Μένα ; English : Something From Me ) is the sixth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas , released on 3 December 1998 .
We Care is the debut album by Swedish alternative rock group Whale .
Size Is n't Everything is the twentieth studio album ( eighteenth worldwide ) by the Bee Gees , released in the UK on 13 September 1993 , and the US on 2 November of the same year .
`` King of Wishful Thinking '' is a 1990 hit song by the British pop band Go West .
Let 's Get Physical is the debut album of Elephant Man on Bad Boy , released in 2008 .
To Sell the Truth is a studio album by the American punk rock band Youth Brigade , released in 1996 .
Diary of a G is an album from rapper Mr. Capone - E released on August 25 , 2009 through his own record label Hi - Power Entertainment .
In Mass Mind is the third album by The Make - Up .
`` Lonely at the Top '' was a 2006 single by The Ordinary Boys and appeared as the third single from - and proceeded before - their album How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps ( including the re - release of `` Boys Will Be Boys '' ) .
Jimjam ( stylised as jimjam ) is a 2000 recording by UK jazz - funk guitarist Jim Mullen , featuring fellow - Scot Hamish Stuart on rhythm guitar , Pino Palladino on bass and Ian Thomas on drums .
A Cowboy Has to Sing is the third Sons of the San Joaquin album and the first for a major label .
Dublin Blues is an album by American singer - songwriter Guy Clark , released in 1995 .
`` Warm Love '' is a hit song written by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison .
`` What Am I Gon na Do with You '' is a popular song recorded by Barry White .
Strength & Loyalty was Bone Thugs - n - Harmony 's first major album after an absence of nearly five years .
Harvest for the World is the fourteenth album released by The Isley Brothers on their T - Neck imprint in May 29 , 1976 .
`` Looking for a New Love '' is a song by American dance - pop singer Jody Watley .
You Got ta Say Yes to Another Excess is Yello 's third album and was released in 1983 .
`` A Question of Lust '' is Depeche Mode 's sixteenth UK single , released on 14 April 1986 .
Final Descent is an album by Samhain , first released in 1990 , more than three years after lead singer Glenn Danzig and bassist Eerie Von had recruited guitarist John Christ and drummer Chuck Biscuits to form Danzig .
In the Right Place is the sixth album by New Orleans R&B artist Dr. John .
Pop + Jazz = Swing is an album arranged and conducted by Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Audio Fidelity label .
Distant Mind Alternative is the second full - length album by the Australian group Kohllapse , released in 1999 .
Live in Japan 2002 is the first live album by Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan .
What 's the Rumpus ? is the seventh album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm .
`` I Should 've Never Let You Go '' is a pop song by Australian female group Bardot , and was the second single from their debut album Bardot ( 2000 ) .
A Revolta dos Dândis ( English : `` The Revolt of the Dandies '' ) is the second album by Brazilian Rock band Engenheiros do Hawaii , released in 1987 .
`` Weak in the Presence of Beauty '' is a song written by Michael Ward and Rob Clarke which was first released by their band , the British soul and jazz - influenced pop group Floy Joy , in 1986 .
`` Good Excuse '' is a promotional - only release by the Australian jam band , The John Butler Trio , from their fourth studio album Grand National .
Proud to Be Here is the thirteenth studio album by American country music artist Trace Adkins .
The Sixteen Men of Tain is the tenth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth , released in March 2000 through Gnarly Geezer Records ( United States ) , Polydor Records ( Japan ) and JMS--
Virus West is German black metal band Nagelfar 's third and last album before they broke up .
Open Hostility is the seventh studio album by Canadian speed / thrash metal band Razor .
Amantes e Mortais ( known in English as Fast and Far ) is Adelaide Ferreira 's second album released in 1989 .
Knitting Needles and Bicycle Bells is the debut album of Tenement Halls , the name used by Chris Lopez for his solo work .
During an online chat with fans in March 2011 , Lopez revealed that she was considering releasing `` I 'm Into You '' , featuring her favorite male rapper Lil Wayne , as the album 's second single .
Take Your Skin Off is the second album by the noise rock band Mindflayer .
Codona 2 is the second album by the jazz trio Codona which featured sitarist and tabla player Collin Walcott , trumpeter Don Cherry and percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label .
Something You Got is an album by American flugelhornist Art Farmer featuring performances with Yusef Lateef and the David Matthews Big Band recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label .
`` The Story in Your Eyes '' is a 1971 hit single by the English rock band The Moody Blues .
You Ca n't Beat Tomorrow is the fifth album by The Howling Hex .
`` Got It Twisted '' is the first single from Mobb Deep 's Amerikaz Nightmare album , produced by The Alchemist .
The Day After Yesterday is a 2005 studio album by Australian musician , singer - songwriter , and actor Rick Springfield .
Señor Smoke ( 2005 ) is the second album from Electric Six , following Fire in 2003 .
6:16 The Genesis is rapper Gemini 's first studio album .
`` What Will I Do '' is a single released by freestyle singer Timmy T from his 1990 album Time After Time .
4 Way Street is the third album by Crosby , Stills & Nash , their second as Crosby , Stills , Nash & Young , and their first live album .
How Sweet It Is to Be Loved by You is the fifth studio album released by soul music artist Marvin Gaye , released in 1965 .
Little Rock to Leipzig is a 1990 album by British folk - rock band Oysterband .
All Guns Poolside is an album by the now defunct hardcore punk band , Redemption 87 .
Imagine There 's No Lennon ( APBL20009 ) is a live album and DVD set , from Apoptygma Berzerk .
Squirrel and G - Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile ( White Out ) was the first album by British band Happy Mondays .
`` Leaving So Soon ? '' is a song performed and composed by English piano rock and alternative rock band Keane , featured on their second studio album , Under the Iron Sea .
1984 ( For the Love of Big Brother ) is a soundtrack album by Eurythmics , their fourth studio album overall , containing music recorded by the duo for director Michael Radford 's 1984 film Nineteen Eighty - Four , based on George Orwell 's dystopian novel of the same name .
`` Push That Knot Away '' is a 2010 song by Scottish singer / songwriter KT Tunstall .
Burning Japan Live 1999 is a live album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy .
El vuelo , is a Venezuelan music album of 2003 , made by Reynaldo Armas with the seal Latin World , in this album presents the Venezuelan joropo .
Undead 13 + 2 is the first studio album released by Japanese rock band Sadie , released on June 25 , 2008 in Japan .
`` Summerlovers '' is the twelfth single released by the Italian singer Alexia released in 2001 and the second and final single from her fourth studio album Mad For Music .
99th Dream is the fourth studio album by the British alternative rock band Swervedriver .
Temporarily Disconnected is the fourth album from rap / metal / funk pioneers 24 - 7 Spyz .
Roads to Judah is the debut studio album by the American black metal band Deafheaven .
Takin ' the Country Back is the seventeenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson .
`` Felicidad ( Margherita ) '' is a 1980 single by German band Boney M. , not included in any original album by the group .
Equinox Express Elevator is an album by American guitarist Howard Roberts recorded in 1972 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Put the Green Cape On '' is a song by Irish pop duo Jedward .
`` Oliver 's Army '' is a song written by Elvis Costello , originally performed by Elvis Costello and The Attractions , and appearing on the album Armed Forces in 1979 .
`` Just an Illusion '' is a song by the British trio Imagination .
Live at the Hollywood Palladium , December 15 , 1988 is a live album by Keith Richards and was released on 10 December 1991 , in the United States and 24 February 1992 , in the United Kingdom .
Potential Murder Suspects ( P.M.S. ) is the third and final album released by the Hard Boyz .
Mister Heartbreak is the second album by avant - garde artist , singer and composer Laurie Anderson , released in 1984 .
Aimless Love is the eighth album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine , released in 1984 .
Good Causes is the sixth album from folk singer Gamble Rogers .
An Acrobat 's Heart is the ninth album by composer , arranger , producer , musician , poet and singer Annette Peacock recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label .
`` Blossoms Falling '' is a song by Ooberman , released as their first single for Independiente , and the first to be taken from the band 's debut album The Magic Treehouse .
Repeat When Necessary is an album by Welsh rock musician Dave Edmunds .
`` Hair Braider '' was the first promotional single released from R. Kelly 's album 12 Play : 4th Quarter , which was never released , due to the album being leaked to the internet about a month before its planned release date and bootlegging .
`` Who Will I Run To ? '' is the second single from Pop / R&B singer Kiley Dean 's unreleased album Simple Girl during the third quarter of 2003 .
`` The Dean and I '' is a song by the art rock / pop band 10cc , from their 1973 eponymous debut album , written by Kevin Godley and Lol Creme .
Midnight Awake is the title of the eighth solo album by British singer - songwriter Adrian Snell .
`` Not a Love Song '' is the debut single by Irish girl group Wonderland , from their debut album Wonderland .
Feuer und Flamme ( German for `` Fire and Flame '' , with the additional figurative meaning of `` great enthusiasm '' ) , released in 1985 , is the third album by German pop band Nena and the fourth studio album of its singer , Gabriele `` Nena '' Kerner .
`` If U Stay Ready '' is the debut single released off Suga Free 's debut studio album , Street Gospel .
Laberinto de Amor ( Spanish : Labyrinth of Love ) is the 17th studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge .
`` The Belle of St. Mark '' is a song recorded by singer / percussionist Sheila E. The song was released in November 1984 in the Netherlands , and in February 1985 in the U.S. and elsewhere .
`` Streiht Up Menace '' is a 1993 single by MC Eiht off the soundtrack of 1993 movie Menace II Society .
Breeding Death is the debut EP by Bloodbath .
Dramatiques is the first studio album from the J - Urban artist Emi Hinouchi .
Two Pages is an album by the English band 4hero , which was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
Over the Hills is the sixth solo album by New York singer -- songwriter Lucy Kaplansky , released in 2007 .
`` You Do n't Have to Be in the Army to Fight in the War '' is a popular song and hit single by the British group Mungo Jerry , first released in 1971 .
`` Heroes ( We Could Be ) '' is a song by Swedish DJ and music producer Alesso , featuring the vocals of Swedish singer Tove Lo . Released on 25 August 2014 , the song has charted in a number of countries .
Jungle of the Midwest Sea is the fourth studio album by the Chicago celtic punk band Flatfoot 56 .
Born in America is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Riot , released in 1983 .
The Great White Wonder is the second full - length album by the Welsh band The Pooh Sticks .
Saurian Meditation is the first solo album by Karl Sanders , the vocalist / guitarist of the technical death metal band Nile .
Hitch Hikin ' Music is the eleventh album by Classified , released in September 2006 .
`` Ein Stern ( ... der deinen Namen trägt ) '' ( lit . `` A star ( ... which bears your name ) '' ) is a song recorded by Austrian artist DJ Ötzi and Nik P. It was released in February 2007 as the lead single from the album , Sternstunden .
`` Graceful World '' is a song by the Japanese J - pop group Every Little Thing , released as their nineteenth single on February 21 , 2001 .
`` I Get the Fever ' is a 1966 single by Bill Anderson .
All Systems Are Go was The Archers '' final return to Light Records .
Raza de Traidores is the first album by Nepal .
Cathedral Oceans ( after 2003 also referred to as Cathedral Oceans I ) is an album of ambient music by John Foxx , released in 1997 .
`` Mighty Wings '' is a single by American rock band Cheap Trick , released in 1986 as the final single from the soundtrack of the film `` Top Gun '' .
Orquesta Reciclando is the eighth studio album recorded by Spanish rock group Jarabe de Palo released on May 15 , 2009 .
Power of the Blues is an album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore , released in 2004 .
Blade of Triumph is the fourth full - length album by Danish power metal band Iron Fire .
Disco Defenders is Alcazar 's third and final studio album , which was released on 11 March 2009 in Sweden , and internationally in May 2009 .
Iron Mountain Depot is John Hartford 's sixth and final album issued by RCA Victor .
`` Turbo Lover '' is a single by heavy metal band Judas Priest , from the album Turbo .
`` True ... '' is the first single by Riyu Kosaka .
Scantropolis is the fifth full - length album by the speed metal band Scanner .
No More Apologies is the fifth album from Irish rock band A House .
Unleashed Memories is the second album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil .
Ağlama Bebeğim is Ahmet Kaya 's first album , released in 1985 , but censored in Turkey shortly following the release .
Indigo Nights is a live album by Prince , mainly comprising songs played live during some of the aftershows at the indigO2 night club in London in 2007 .
`` C'est l'amour '' is a popular song recorded by Belgian band Léopold Nord & Vous .
Duke 's Big 4 is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a small group session with Joe Pass , Ray Brown and Louie Bellson recorded in January 1973 and released on the Pablo label in 1974 .
Dulce Beat ( Sweet Beat ) is the second album from the Mexican electropop band Belanova .
`` Harrowdown Hill '' is a song by Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke and is the eighth track on his 2006 album The Eraser .
Strangely Beautiful is the fifth studio album by Swedish band Club 8 .
The Great Rocksteady Swindle is the twelfth studio album from New York City ska band The Slackers .
Mountain Battles is the fourth studio album by the American band The Breeders , released in April 2008 .
The World Needs a Hero is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth , released in May 2001 by Sanctuary Records .
E.H. in the U.K. is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in England with prominent British rock musicians in 1973 and released on the Atlantic label .
Perils of the Deep Blue is the sixth full - length album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia .
15 Doors is the second studio album by Japanese pop duo Moumoon .
You See Me is the second studio album by St. Louis rapper Murphy Lee .
`` I Knew I Loved You '' is a song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden , released as the second single from their second studio album , Affirmation .
`` Tiny Meat '' is the second single from the debut album Salt Peter by the trip hop / Industrial band Ruby .
Sketches of Spain is an album by Miles Davis , recorded between November 1959 and March 1960 at the Columbia 30th Street Studio in New York City .
Sparkle and Fade is the second album by Everclear , released on May 23 , 1995 .
`` Felt Good on My Lips '' is a song written by Brett Beavers , Jim Beavers , Brett Warren and Brad Warren , and was performed by American country music singer Tim McGraw .
`` Watch Over You '' is a song by the American rock band Alter Bridge , featured on the band 's second album Blackbird in 2007 .
Der blaue Planet ( German for The Blue Planet ) is a 1982 hit by the East German band Karat .
Isolation Songs is the second studio album of the Finnish doom metal band Ghost Brigade .
`` Music to Watch Girls By '' was the first Top 40 hit by Bob Crewe using his own name , recorded by his group The Bob Crewe Generation .
Furnished Souls for Rent is the second album released by Mourning Widows , a band led by former Extreme guitarist Nuno Bettencourt .
Brush - fires of the Mind is the only album by Jon Schaffer 's heavy metal solo - project Sons of Liberty .
School Girl Distortional Addict is the second studio album released by the Japanese indie band , Number Girl .
`` When I 'm with You '' is a power ballad by Canadian arena rock band Sheriff .
Folila is the sixth studio album by Mali musicians Amadou & Mariam .
The New Crystal Silence is a 2008 live Jazz album by Chick Corea and Gary Burton .
`` J'ai demandé à la lune '' ( `` I asked the moon '' in English ) is the most popular song from the 2002 album Paradize which allowed Indochine to reconnect with the media that had abandoned the band a decade earlier .
`` Exceeder '' is an electro house single by Mason .
The Sexorcist is the fourth studio album by American rapper Necro , released on August 2 , 2005 by Psycho+Logical - Records .
`` There Is So Much World to See '' is a film song by Elvis Presley .
`` Sä huudat '' is a song by Finnish rapper Cheek released as the first single from his ninth studio album Alpha Omega .
Rite Time is Can 's twelfth and last studio album , considered a reunion album because of the time elapsed since the band 's previous album , Can , which had been released in 1979 .
`` Real Hardcore '' is a single by Neophyte who was released in the year 1998 .
`` Mama , I 'm Coming Home '' is the third song on the 1991 album No More Tears by the English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne .
Happy Days , Sweetheart was the 1993 debut and only album for Industrial music dance group Ethyl Meatplow .
Work of Heart is the eleventh studio album by English folk / rock singer - songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper and was first released in 1982 .
Beautiful Circle is the second album by Australian country music singer Sara Storer released in November 2002 .
`` Never Be Your Woman '' is a song recorded by British producer Naughty Boy , featuring lead vocals from grime artist Wiley and British session recording artist Emeli Sandé .
Denim and Leather is the fourth studio album by English heavy metal band Saxon released in 1981 ( see 1981 in music ) .
Signs of a Misspent Youth is the fifth album from folk singer Gamble Rogers .
Look Hear ? is the seventh studio album by 10cc , released in 1980 .
You Wanna Be There But You Do n't Wanna Travel is the fourth album by Dave Graney ' n ' the Coral Snakes ( also seen as Dave Graney with the Coral Snakes ) .
`` Once Upon a Christmas Song '' was the second single by fictional character Geraldine McQueen from Britain 's Got the Pop Factor ... , a mock talent contest / comedy by British comedian Peter Kay who also plays Geraldine .
Here I Am to Worship is an album of Christian music by singer - songwriter Tim Hughes .
Framvegis Uttan Vit is an album released by the Faroese band MC - Hár in 1998 .
`` Mr. Telephone Man '' is a song by New Edition , and the second single from their eponymous second album , New Edition .
`` New Age Girl '' is a song by alternative rock trio Deadeye Dick , from their debut album A Different Story and the soundtrack to the 1994 film Dumb and Dumber .
`` April Skies '' is a song by the Scottish alternative rock group The Jesus and Mary Chain and the first single from the group 's album Darklands .
`` Stormwind '' is a 1984 single released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe .
`` Decent Days and Nights '' is the 2nd single by The Futureheads from the album The Futureheads .
Distancias en Vivo is a live album from Puerto Rican singer Roy Brown .
Love & Other Bruises is the third studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply .
Sadistic Symphony is the eighth album by American heavy metal band Vicious Rumors , released in 2001 .
`` Hallowed Be Thy Name '' is a song written by Steve Harris for the 1982 Iron Maiden album The Number of The Beast .
`` No Good Advice '' is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud , taken from their debut album Sound of the Underground ( 2003 ) .
Seminole Wind is a studio album released in 1992 by American country music artist John Anderson .
Corner of an Endless Road is the second studio album by independent Australian singer - songwriter Lior , released in February 2008 .
Payment of Existence is the third studio album by the Norwegian progressive / power metal band Communic .
Take as Needed for Pain is the second album by American sludge metal band Eyehategod , released on November 22 , 1993 .
Dead American Radio is a studio album by US - punk - band Left Alone , released in 2006 .
Miroir is the fourth studio album by French Canadian singer Marie - Mai .
Rise Them Up is reggae , dancehall artist Capleton 's fifteenth studio album , released on May 15 , 2007 .
Heaven Deconstruction is an experimental instrumental album by The Young Gods .
`` Mona ( I Need You Baby ) '' is a song written by Elias McDaniel ( real name of Bo Diddley ) and was the B - side to his 1957 single , `` Hey !
Ready for Freddie is the fourth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and was released on the Blue Note label in 1962 as BLP 4085 and BST 84085 .
SóNós ( English : UsAlone ) is the second solo album by Kid Abelha lead singer Paula Toller , released by Warner Music Brasil on June 28 , 2007 .
`` The Journey 's End '' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins and Blue Weaver .
Legend of the Black Shawarma is the seventh studio album by psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom released on 8 September 2009 .
Each Breath Haunted is the second full - length album from New Jersey , U.S. hardcore punk band , The Banner .
`` Femme libérée '' is a successful song recorded by French band Cookie Dingler .
`` Untitled ( How Could This Happen to Me ? ) '' is a song by Canadian pop punk group Simple Plan .
Houses of the Molé is the ninth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry .
`` Up on the Catwalk '' was the third single to be released from Sparkle in the Rain , the sixth studio album by Simple Minds .
Teimo is the second solo album from German Ambient music producer , Thomas Köner .
Jurang Pemisah ( ( ˈdʒuraŋ pəˈmisah ) ; English : Dividing Canyon ) is an Indonesian pop album recorded by Chrisye in 1977 .
`` Mi Rowsu '' is a song written and performed by Surinamese singer Damaru .
American Porn Songs is the sixth studio album by the industrial metal band 16Volt .
Puzzle Shock ! is the second studio album by the Serbian hip - hop artist Marčelo .
The Tokyo Blues is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1962 , featuring performances by Silver with Blue Mitchell , Junior Cook , Gene Taylor , and John Harris Jr. The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars .
Vampires Stole My Lunch Money is a 1978 album by the UK underground artist Mick Farren .
Somethin' Serious is the 1994 debut album by rapper Big Mike .
Blue Eyes and Exit Wounds is a spoken word / poetry album by Nick Tosches and Hubert Selby , Jr.
Killing Technology is the third album from Canadian heavy metal band Voivod .
`` Disco Infiltrator '' is a song from the eponymous debut album by LCD Soundsystem .
Run to the Light was the third studio album by the American doom metal band Trouble , released on July 15 , 1987 .
Telescape is the fifty - third studio album by guitarist Buckethead , and the twenty - third installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series .
Víctimas del Vaciamiento is a heavy metal album by Argentine band Hermética , produced in 1994 by Trípoli Discos .
`` Everybody in the Place '' is the second official single released by the British electronic dance band The Prodigy from their debut album `` Experience '' The `` Fairground Remix '' version is featured on the single .
`` Famous in a Small Town '' is a song written by Travis Howard and co - written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert .
Idir an Dá Sholas ( Between Both Lights ) is a music album by Irish musicians Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill , Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill and Dónal Lunny .
The Painted Side of the Rocket is the third album by the English indie pop band Fosca .
Valhalla Dancehall is a studio album from the Brighton - based indie rock band British Sea Power .
Vansinnesvisor is the name of the fourth album by the Viking metal band Thyrfing .
`` Nobody Wants to Be Lonely '' is the second single from Ricky Martin 's second English album , Sound Loaded , released on January 9 , 2001 .
Other Planes of There is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra .
Ordinary Average Guy is the ninth solo studio album by the American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist Joe Walsh .
Wrap Around Joy is a 1974 album by American singer - songwriter Carole King .
`` Hard to Say I 'm Sorry '' is a song by American rock group Chicago .
You Want Some of This ? is the debut album by Canadian comedy musician and Internet celebrity Jon Lajoie .
The Whole Truth about the Children of ' 78 ( Greek : Όλη η Αλήθεια για τα Παιδιά του ' 78 ) is the third `` proper '' Kore . Ydro .
Hideous and Perfect is third studio album by Australian electro - industrial band Angelspit .
Millésimes ( stylized as MillésimeS ) is a compilation album by Pascal Obispo , released on 7 January 2013 .
Chansons Pour Toutes Sortes de Monde is a 1990 album by Canadian songwriter Plume Latraverse .
`` Is Anybody Home ? '' is a song by Canadian Alternative rock band Our Lady Peace , and was the second single released from their third album , Happiness ...
Envenom is the eighth album by Runemagick .
`` Unnamed World '' is a CD single by Japanese singer and voice actress Aya Hirano .
`` Hi - Heel Sneakers '' ( often also spelled `` High Heel Sneakers '' ) is a blues song recorded by Tommy Tucker in 1963 .
`` Oh Very Young '' is a song composed by Cat Stevens .
`` I Just Wanna Know '' is the debut single written & produced by British R&B singer - songwriter Taio Cruz , and the first from his debut album Departure , which would be released a year and a half after this single .
Still Ignorant is a live album , and the final recording from Arizona thrash metal band , Sacred Reich .
`` Nichts bleibt für die Ewigkeit '' ( Nothing remains for eternity ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
`` On est tous des imbéciles '' ( English : `` We Are All Fools '' ) is a 1984 song recorded by French artist Mylène Farmer .
`` Do You Want To '' is the lead single for Franz Ferdinand 's second album , You Could Have It So Much Better .
Inner Wastelands is the debut studio album released by the Italian gothic rock band Dakrua .
The Ever Passing Moment is the fifth studio album by rock band MxPx , released on May 16 , 2000 .
`` Baby It 's Christmas '' is a song recorded by British girl group Bananarama , released on 13 December 2010 as a digital EP in the UK and most European territories .
Find My Keys and We 'll Drive Out ! is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show , which was first released in May 1990 .
Better Questions is a Christian rock album by Todd Agnew .
`` Vater Unser Part II ( Psalm 23 ) '' ( ger . `` Father of Ours Part II ( Psalm 23 ) '' ) is the eighth single released by the German music project E Nomine , and appears on the 2004 album Das Beste aus ...
`` Always the Pretenders '' is a 2006 single released by the Swedish rock band Europe .
Craccracriccrecr is a 1999 studio album by Italian rock band Elio e le Storie Tese .
You Caught Me Out is the second studio album by singer - actress - comedian , Tracey Ullman .
Along the Road is an album by Susan Ashton , Margaret Becker , and Out of the Grey 's Christine Denté , released in 1994 .
`` Friend of the Night '' is a song by Glaswegian post - rock band , Mogwai from their 2006 album , Mr. Beast .
`` When Will I See Your Face Again '' was the first single from the Jamie Scott And The Town album Park Bench Theories .
Kaleidoscope Superior is the major label debut by Earthsuit .
`` Circle in the Sand '' is a song recorded by Belinda Carlisle and released in 1988 from her album Heaven on Earth .
No Tolerance for Imperfection is the third album by Scottish technical death metal band Man Must Die .
From Start to Finish is the 2005 album by Haystak , released by Koch Records .
From Here You 'll Watch the World Go By is 1995 album by The Legendary Pink Dots .
Sueños en tránsito ( Spanish : Dreams in traffic ) is the third studio album by recording artist Nicole .
Folk singer Judy Collins , who knew the song before she could remember learning it , witnessed Fannie Lou Hamer leading marchers in Mississippi in 1964 , singing `` Amazing Grace '' .
`` All the Fools Sailed Away '' is the eleventh single released by heavy metal band Dio , appearing as the fourth track on their 1987 LP , Dream Evil .
Hey Na Na is the ninth studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso .
The Sound of Surprise is an album by Bill Bruford 's Earthworks .
You Receive Me is a song by the Danish dance - pop duo Infernal .
Julie Ruin is the independent record produced by Kathleen Hanna under the name Julie Ruin in 1997 , while taking a break from Bikini Kill .
`` Preživjet ću '' ( English translation : I Will Survive ) is a pop song by the Croatian singer Ana Bebić , released as her debut single on 5 January 2009 .
`` Somnambulist ( Simply Being Loved ) '' is a song by Brian Transeau , better known as BT , that was released as a single on March 20 , 2003 .
`` And the Healing Has Begun '' is a song written by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison and recorded on his 1979 album , Into the Music .
Jump on It ! is the fifth album by rap group The Sugarhill Gang .
`` Never Make a Promise '' is a number - one R&B song by group Dru Hill , released in 1997 .
`` Thoia Thoing '' is an R&B single by R. Kelly from his 2003 album The R. in R&B Collection , Vol . 1 .
Reminiscience is the fourth album released by the Norwegian electronica project Ugress .
01:59PM is the first studio album by South Korean boy band , 2PM .
`` Cat Daddy '' is a 2011 song by American Hip hop group The Rej3ctz .
Teche voda is a studio album by Sofia Rotaru , recorded at Franchising records in Ukraine .
I Knew Jesus ( Before He Was a Star ) is the 24th album by American singer / guitarist Glen Campbell , released in 1973 .
The 50th Anniversary Collection 1964 is the third Bob Dylan collection released by Sony Music to prevent the recordings from legally entering the public domain in Europe .
Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz - funk band Level 42 .
`` Never Let Me Down Again '' is Depeche Mode 's nineteenth UK single , released on 24 August 1987 , and the second single for the then upcoming album Music for the Masses .
The Sound the Speed the Light is the fourth album by American post - punk band Mission of Burma , and the third album recorded since their 19-year hiatus .
`` It Ai n't Gon na Be Easy '' is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne .
Steady Diet of Nothing is the second full - length studio album by American post - hardcore band Fugazi , released in July , 1991 .
Every Given Moment is the second and final album by Hard rock band Stereomud .
`` Dear Summer '' is the third and final single from Memphis Bleek 's fourth album , 534 .
What Burns Never Returns is the third album by Don Caballero , a Pittsburgh - based math rock band .
Half Fiction is the second studio album by punk band Discount released on kat records in 1997 and is their most notable album .
The Rush is a song by American recording R&B artist Luther Vandross ' , released as the third single from his 1991 album Power of Love .
Flying Cowboys is an album by Rickie Lee Jones , released in September 1989 and produced by Walter Becker of Steely Dan .
Live at the Palace 2008 was the first DVD release from rock band Three Days Grace .
Autumn Sky is the eighth studio album by the group Blackmore 's Night .
`` Build God , Then We 'll Talk '' is the fifth and final official single from Panic ! at the Disco 's 2005 album A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out , including the radio - only single `` The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage '' .
Izitso is the tenth studio album released by the British singer - songwriter Cat Stevens ( now Yusuf Islam ) in April 1977 .
Will You Visit Me on Sunday ? was the 1970 country music studio album released by George Jones in May 1970 .
Let 's Get Wet is Raymond Lam 's third album , released on 15 June 2009 .
Nymphetamine is the sixth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth .
Forever , John is a compilation album of previously unreleased songs and alternate takes recorded 1969 - -1980 by American singer - songwriter John Denver .
Extreme Aggression is the fourth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1989 .
`` 6 of 1 Thing '' is the third single from Craig David 's fourth album Trust Me and was released in the UK on 17 February 2008 .
`` ( Mama ) He Treats Your Daughter Mean '' is a 1953 song recorded by Ruth Brown , and written by Johnny Wallace and Herbert J. Lance .
Way Beyond Blue is the debut album by Welsh band Catatonia .
`` Cater 2 U '' is a song by American recording group Destiny 's Child , taken from their fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled ( 2004 ) .
`` Pimpin ' All Over the World '' is a song by American rapper Ludacris featuring singer Bobby V. It was released in June 2005 as the fourth and final single from the album The Red Light District and was produced by Polow da Don and Donnie Scantz .
Promise and Terror is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley , released in 2010 .
Eatin ' Dust is the fifth studio album from stoner rock band Fu Manchu , released on February 19 , 1999 on the now defunct Man 's Ruin label .
`` Crazy Horses '' is a 1972 hit by The Osmonds reaching number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 2 in the UK Singles Chart .
Chants et contes de Noël ( meaning Christmas Songs and Tales ) is a French Christmas album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released in Quebec , Canada on 5 December 1983 .
Red 13 is the first EP by the rock band Journey .
Tragic Daydreams is the debut album of Australian songwriter Mandy Kane .
`` Prison Break Anthem ( Ich glaub ' an dich ) '' is a hit song by German hip - hop artist Azad and Adel Tawil , singer of Ich + Ich .
`` Shadow Days '' is the lead single from American singer John Mayer 's fifth studio album Born and Raised .
`` This One Eats Souls '' is a single by The Blackeyed Susans , released in July 1994 .
`` All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight '' is a song written and recorded by American country music performer Hank Williams , Jr ..
`` Shy Guy '' is a song by Jamaican recording artist and songwriter Diana King , for the movie soundtrack album Bad Boys and her debut studio album Tougher Than Love ( 1995 ) .
`` Suojatiellä '' ( in English , `` On the Pedestrian Crossing '' ) is a song by Finnish recording artist Maija Vilkkumaa , released by Warner Music Finland for airplay on June 13 , 2008 , and digitally on June 16 , as the first single from her fifth studio album Superpallo .
Mise à jour is the fourth studio album by French singer M. Pokora , released on August 23 , 2010 .
Byrd in Flight is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 4048 and BST 84048 featuring Byrd with Jackie McLean or Hank Mobley , Duke Pearson , Doug Watkins or Reggie Workman and Lex Humphries .
`` Why Do n't You Get a Job ? '' is a ska punk song by The Offspring .
N ° 2 is the second album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg , released in 1959 .
U Zaboravu is the second Serbo - Croatian studio album by Macedonian pop musician , Karolina Gočeva which was released in Serbia , Montenegro , Bosnia & Herzegovina and in Croatia .
Homage to My Heroes is the tenth solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson , and was released in 2003 .
`` Can U Dig It ? '' is a popular single by British band Pop Will Eat Itself , released in 1989 from the band 's second album This Is the Day ...
`` The Saga Begins '' is a parody song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic of `` American Pie '' by Don McLean , with lyrics that humorously summarize the plot of the film Star Wars Episode I :
`` Parti pour zouker '' is the name of a 2006 song recorded by the French artist Lorie .
`` Strange Currencies '' is a song by R.E.M ..
Synkronized is the fourth studio album released by funk / acid jazz band Jamiroquai .
Hefty Fine is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Bloodhound Gang , released on September 27 , 2005 .
Rip Open the Skies is the last independent album from Christian rock band Remedy Drive .
`` That Beats My Patience '' is a non - charted song by British group Freeez from album `` Idle Vice '' , released by Beggars Banquet Records .
Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released as a double album on 24 February 1975 .
More Deep Cuts is the second album from American indie rock band Thee More Shallows .
Colour by Numbers is the second album by the British new wave band Culture Club , released in October 1983 .
Ukon Wacka is the seventh studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Korpiklaani .
Horsebreaker Star is the third solo album by Grant McLennan , a member of The Go - Betweens .
`` Fight for You '' is a song performed by American recording artist Jason Derulo , released as the fourth single from his second studio album , Future History , on December 2 , 2011 .
`` Out from Under '' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears , taken from her sixth studio album , Circus ( 2008 ) .
Dances of Death ( and Other Walking Shadows ) is the fourth album from progressive thrash metal band Mekong Delta , released in 1990 .
`` Anna Molly '' ( pronounced like the word `` anomaly '' when sung as word play ) is the lead single from Incubus 's sixth album , Light Grenades .
REMIXXXX is an album by You Say Party ( formerly You Say Party ! We Say Die ! ) , released on September 21 , 2010 by Paper Bag Digital .
Emotions in Motion is the third album by Rock musician Billy Squier .
Soul Box is the third album by American saxophonist Grover Washington , Jr ..
`` Sherri , Do n't Fail Me Now ! '' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1994 .
`` Together We Are One '' is a pop song written by Guy Chambers , Delta Goodrem and Brian McFadden , produced by Guy Chambers and Richard Flack for the album Commonwealth Games :
Ximerose ( Greek : Ξημέρωσε ; English : It has dawned ) is a studio album by Greek artist Glykeria .
`` My Only '' is a song from Goodnight Nurse 's debut studio album , Always and Never .
Reservations for Two is an out - of - print album by Dionne Warwick , her eighth for the Arista label .
Burning Sosobra is an album that was released by Floater in 2000 .
California Years is the seventh studio album by American singer - songwriter Jill Sobule , released on April 14 , 2009 on Sobule 's own label , Pinko Records .
`` Anything but Mine '' is a song written by Scooter Carusoe and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney .
Night of the Blade is the second studio album released by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade on Powerstation Records in 1984 .
`` L'Italiano ( Lasciatemi Cantare ) '' ( commonly known as `` L'Italiano '' ) is an Italian pop song by Toto Cutugno released 1983 .
Hood Environment is the third studio album by rapper Drag - On , released on September 4 , 2007 for T.R.U.S.T. Family .
Intimate Connection is the sixth album by American New York City based Kleeer .
`` Too Lost in You '' is a song by English girl group Sugababes , from their third studio album Three ( 2003 ) .
Bird ' n ' Roll is the seventh studio album by the French rock band Dionysos , released 26 March 2012 .
Duke Elegant is a 1999 studio album by New Orleans keyboard player and vocalist Dr. John .
Mirror of Souls is the second album by Christian progressive / power metal band Theocracy .
The Melody at Night , with You is a solo album by American pianist Keith Jarrett recorded at his home studio in 1998 and released on the ECM label in 1999 .
With Windmills Turning Wrong Directions is the only full - length release by British punk rock band NoComply .
Rubbed Out is the first solo album by the leader of British indie electronic band Hot Chip , Alexis Taylor .
`` Straight Through My Heart '' is a song performed by American band Backstreet Boys .
Get What You Need is a 2003 studio album by Northern Irish power pop / punk rock band The Undertones .
Award - Winning Drummer ( also released as Max Roach ) is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring a session recorded in 1958 and released on the Time label .
`` Bad Luck Charm '' is the first single released from the album , Magic Recoveries , by post - hardcore Finnish band , Disco Ensemble .
Queen of the New Year is the fifth and final single from the album When the World Knows Your Name by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue .
To a Finland Station is an album by trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Arturo Sandoval recorded in 1982 and released on the Pablo label .
Heart Like a Sky is a studio album by the sophisti - pop band Spandau Ballet .
`` Ai n't 2 Proud 2 Beg '' is a song by American Hip hop and R&B group TLC from their debut album , Ooooooohhh ...
Born of the Night was the second album of the band Midnight Syndicate , released in 1998 , and is out of print .
Hellbilly Deluxe 2 ( released with the subtitle Noble Jackals , Penny Dreadfuls and the Systematic Dehumanization of Cool ) is the fourth solo studio album by former White Zombie frontman Rob Zombie .
Showroom of Compassion is the sixth full - length studio album from the band Cake , which was released on January 11 , 2011 .
`` Sing a Simple Song '' is a 1968 song by the soul / rock / funk band Sly and the Family Stone , the b - side to their # 1 hit `` Everyday People '' .
Brain as Hamenoodle is an album by Buckethead and Brain , was expected to be released on October 15 , 2010 but was released 2 days before the announced date .
Dimension Hatröss is the fourth album from the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod .
Ride ' Til I Die is an album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers .
`` Love Me Harder '' is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande and Canadian singer The Weeknd .
Jazz Spectacular is Frankie Laine 's fifteenth 12 `` long - play album , recorded and originally released in 1955 .
Arrivederci , mostro ! is the tenth studio album by Italian rock singer - songwriter Luciano Ligabue .
El Amor de Mi Tierra is the ninth album by Colombian singer / composer Carlos Vives released on October 19 , 1999 .
The Cosmic Scene is an album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a nonet credited as `` Duke Ellington 's Spacemen '' recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1958 .
`` If I Could Fly '' is a song and single made by German power metal band Helloween , from their album The Dark Ride .
Storia di un minuto is the first album of the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi .
`` Gimme Some Slack '' is a song by the American rock band The Cars from the album Panorama .
Placer Found is the first full - length recording by American band Early Day Miners .
Nordland I is the eleventh studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory .
`` Summer in the City '' is a song recorded by The Lovin' Spoonful , written by John Sebastian , Mark Sebastian and Steve Boone .
We Still Have The Stars is the second album by The Resonance Association , and was released via their own label mrsvee recordings in November 2008 as both a free download and heavyweight vinyl .
`` Uncle Sam Goddamn '' is the second single from Brother Ali 's second full - length album The Undisputed Truth .
`` Nothin' New Under the Moon '' is a song written Tom Shapiro , Josh Leo and Rick Bowles , and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes .
Holiday ' 80 is an EP released by the original line - up of the British synthpop band The Human League .
War Crime Blues is the eleventh album by singer - songwriter and guitarist , Chris Whitley .
`` A Great Day for Freedom '' is a song by Pink Floyd from their 1994 album , The Division Bell .
Cross Purposes is the seventeenth studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath , released in January 1994 .
`` I 'll Be Your Light '' served as the fourth and final single from Kristine W 's third official album , Fly Again .
Another Page is Christopher Cross ' second studio album , recorded in 1982 and released in early 1983 .
He 's the DJ , I 'm the Rapper is the second studio album by hip hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince .
Luminessence is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek and the Südfunk - Sinfonieorchester conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975 .
Melody Cruise is Slipping Stitches first full length release .
`` Keep Ya Head Up '' is a 1993 hit single by Tupac Shakur .
`` The Irish Keep Gate - crashing '' is the third and final single from the album Let 's Bottle Bohemia by Irish alternative rock band The Thrills .
Meta - Historical is a collaboration album between veteran MC KRS - One and Wu - Tang Clan affiliated producer True Master .
Songs for Drella is a concept album by Lou Reed and John Cale , both formerly of the Velvet Underground , and is dedicated to the memory of Andy Warhol , their mentor , who had died unexpectedly in 1987 .
Ta det lugnt ( `` Take It Easy '' ) is the third album by the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen .
`` Jesus and Mama '' is a song written by Danny `` Bear '' Mayo and James Dean Hicks , and recorded by the American country music band Confederate Railroad .
Violent by Nature was the second and final album from Arizona thrash metal band , Atrophy .
`` Euro - Vision '' was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 , performed in French by Telex .
Propellor Time is the eighteenth studio album by Robyn Hitchcock , recorded and released with Peter Buck of R.E.M. , Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and Bill Rieflin of Ministry and R.E.M. , who are billed collectively as The Venus 3 in 2010 .
You Are Freaking Me Out is the fifth album from the American band , Samiam .
The Day Finger Pickers Took Over the World is an album by US guitar player Chet Atkins with Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel .
`` The Last Garrison '' is the first single taken from the fourth studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari , The Mindsweep .
`` Let 's Hear It for the Boy '' was the second number - one song for Deniece Williams and appeared on the soundtrack to the feature film Footloose .
Iter Facere is the first album from the band Pilotdrift .
Time for Tyner is the ninth album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his third released on the Blue Note label .
`` Show Stopper '' is a song by American girl group Danity Kane from their 2006 self - titled debut album of the same name .
L.A. Jail is a 1976 album release by Richard Pryor .
`` Killer on the Loose '' is a song by the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy , written by Phil Lynott , released as a single in September 1980 .
Louis and the Angels is a 1957 studio album by Louis Armstrong , of songs that refer to angels .
`` 853 - 5937 '' written by Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford , was the fourth UK single and the second US single released from Squeeze 's seventh album , Babylon and On .
Firin ' in Fouta is an album by Senegalese singer Baaba Maal .
Telekon is the fourth studio album ( and second album under his own name ) by British musician Gary Numan .
The Death Defying Unicorn is the fifteenth full - length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho , released on February 10 , 2012 , via Rune Grammofon and Stickman Records .
`` Matilda Mother '' is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd , featured on their 1967 debut album , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn .
`` Love in a Peaceful World '' is a song released in 1994 by the British musical group Level 42 , from their final studio album of the decade , Forever Now .
`` Uneasy Rider '' is a 1973 song written and performed by American singer and multi - instrumentalist Charlie Daniels .
`` Futuristic Love ( Elroy ) '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Yung L.A ..
All Harm Ends Here is the fourth full length recording by American indie rock band Early Day Miners .
`` You 're the Reason God Made Oklahoma '' is a 1981 single from the film Any Which Way You Can , performed by David Frizzell and Shelly West .
Menteur is the second album of the French singer Cali , released October 10 , 2005 .
`` Jean the Birdman '' is a collaboration between Robert Fripp and David Sylvian , co - written by Trey Gunn .
The Words and the Days is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label .
Turn the Radio Off is the second full - length album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish .
`` Satellite Blues '' is a song by Australian rock band AC / DC , released as a single , and appeared on their 2000 album , Stiff Upper Lip .
Songs from the Recently Deceased is the third full - length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 .
`` I Want Candy '' is a song written and originally recorded by The Strangeloves in 1965 that went to number 11 in the United States .
`` Fleur de liberté '' ( English translation : `` Flower of liberty '' ) was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1974 , performed in French by Jacques Hustin .
Lemmings / Going Nowhere is a split extended play ( EP ) by the bands Blink-182 and Swindle , released in 1996 by Cargo Music and Grilled Cheese .
Stories from a Blue Room is Pamela Moore 's third full length solo album , released under Planet Sweet Records in 2006 .
Mutantes e Seus Cometas no País do Baurets is the fifth album by the Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes and the last to feature all three founding members .
Barcelona Sessions is the fifth studio album of Swedish singer Måns Zelmerlöw .
The Rotten Agenda is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Aus - Rotten , released in 2001 on Rotten Propaganda Records .
Bad Luck Is All I Have is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1974 and 1975 and released on the Atlantic label .
`` Lick Ya Down '' is the debut single released by Barbados - based pop group Cover Drive .
`` Au soleil '' ( English : Under the Sun ) is Jenifer Bartoli 's second and most successful single , from her first album Jenifer on which it is the second track on this album .
Bye Bye Mr. Mug is the debut single released by The Brilliant Green on September 21 , 1997 .
`` Deeper Shade of Soul '' is the debut single by Dutch band Urban Dance Squad .
Handheld Torch is the debut album by Melbourne band Tarmac Adam .
`` Sugar Box '' is a hit song by British band Then Jerico .
Full Moon on the Farm is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and the Rising Fawn String Ensemble , released in 1981 .
`` Hataraku Otoko '' is a single by Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi released on November 22 , 2006 .
`` The Beautiful Occupation '' is the second single from Scottish indie rock band Travis ' fourth studio album , 12 Memories .
Habits Old and New is a studio album by country music artist Hank Williams Jr. and was released under Elektra Records / Curb Records in June 1980 .
`` One Goodbye in Ten '' is the second single from Shara Nelson 's first solo album What Silence Knows .
Tones for Joan 's Bones is the debut album by American jazz pianist Chick Corea .
Skullgrid is the first full - length studio album by Behold ... The Arctopus , released in 2007 on Black Market Activities .
Seven Is a Jolly Good Time is an Egg compilation album released by See For Miles Records in 1985 .
`` Who Needs Enemies ? '' is the third and final single released from The Cooper Temple Clause 's debut album , See This Through and Leave .
Alama Fi Hyatak ( Arabic : أيامي ) , is a studio album by Amr Mostafa , and was released in 2008 .
Jag blir hellre jagad av vargar ( I 'd rather be chased by wolves ) is a song written and recorded by Orup , peaking at second position at the Swedish singles chart .
`` U Remind Me '' is a song by American entertainer Usher .
The Odd Trio is a solo album released in 2000 by guitar virtuoso Michael Schenker .
`` Mirai no Museum '' ( Translation : `` Future Museum '' ) is a song by Japanese girl group Perfume from their fourth studio album Level 3 ( 2013 ) .
Halfpenny Dancer is an album by English rock band The Quireboys , released in 2009 .
Wakker in een vreemde wereld is the fourth album by Dutch rock band De Dijk .
MotorCycle is the tenth studio album by Christian alternative rock band Daniel Amos , issued in 1993 on BAI Records .
`` Do n't Come Around Here No More '' is a song written by Tom Petty of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and David A. Stewart of Eurythmics .
Journey to Love is the third jazz funk fusion album by bass guitarist and multi - instrumentalist Stanley Clarke , accompanied by familiar musicians he has often worked with like George Duke and Chick Corea .
`` Better Things to Do '' is a song written by Tom Shapiro , Chris Waters , and co - written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark .
`` Hard for Me '' is the second single by Australian recording artist Tamara Jaber , released on 1 August 2005 through King Kyle Records .
Hypnotised is a 1980 album released by The Undertones .
`` Gimme the Light '' is the first single from Jamaican dance hall artist Sean Paul 's 2002 album Dutty Rock .
It 's Too Bad is a jazz - blues - influenced song written by Jimi Hendrix in 1969 .
The Sin of Pride is the fourth and final album to be released by the original line - up of The Undertones .
`` Back to Life ( However Do You Want Me ) '' is a song by British R&B band Soul II Soul .
`` Culture Flash '' is a song and single by music project of Members of Mayday .
Shaved Fish is a compilation album by John Lennon and the Plastic Ono Band , released in October 1975 on Apple Records .
Shirley 's Sounds is a studio album by organist Shirley Scott recorded mainly in 1958 for Prestige but not released until 1961 as PRLP 7195 .
`` Roc Boys ( And the Winner Is ) ... '' is the second single from Jay - Z 's tenth studio album , American Gangster .
`` Betcha'll Never Find '' is the title of a top twenty R&B and dance single by Chantay Savage .
Seven Turns is the ninth studio album by the Allman Brothers Band , released in 1990 .
`` Volví a Nacer '' ( English : `` I Was Born Again '' ) is a song written and performed by Colombian recording artist Carlos Vives and co - produced by Andrés Castro .
We 're Children of Coincidence and Harpo Marx was the sixth solo studio LP by Dory Previn , released in 1976 by the Warner Brothers label .
`` 2 Times '' is a song co - written and recorded by British singer Ann Lee .
`` Phoner to Arizona '' is the opening track from Gorillaz 's iPad recorded album The Fall .
Thanks for the Memory ( Wham Bam Thank You Mam ) is a single from rock band Slade .
`` Dober Man '' is Riyu Kosaka 's third single with Avex and her fourth single overall .
Bound by Fire is the debut album by Canadian humorous metal band , Zimmers Hole ( then spelt as Zimmer 's Hole ) .
`` Every Kinda People '' is a 1978 song originally performed by Robert Palmer on his Double Fun album .
Stack Is the New Black is the debut studio album by Australian pop punk band Short Stack , released through Sunday Morning Records on 14 August 2009 .
Snake in the Radio is the debut release from Mark Pickerel 's group known as Mark Pickerel and His Praying Hands .
`` Tonight 's Today '' is the first single by singer - songwriter Jack Peñate from his second album Everything Is New .
`` Mr. Ice Cream Man '' is the first single from Master P 's album Ice Cream Man .
Songs of Silence - Live in Tokyo is a live album by Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica .
Nasty Reputation is the second solo album from German guitar player Axel Rudi Pell .
Animal Justice is the first EP by Welsh musician John Cale .
`` Mein Land '' ( German for `` My country '' ) is the first single of the retrospective Made in Germany 1995 - -2011 by the German band Rammstein .
In an Expression of the Inexpressible is the fourth studio album by Blonde Redhead , released in 1998 .
Ricou Browning portrays the underwater Gill - man throughout the three films .
RhineStoned is the ninth studio album recorded by country music artist Pam Tillis .
`` Broke Away '' was the second single from Wet Wet Wet 's third studio album , Holding Back the River .
Shadows Between the Sky is the twenty - seventh studio album by avant - garde guitarist Buckethead .
Guilty ' til Proved Innocent ! is an album by The Specials , released in 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
`` Übers Ende der Welt '' ( English : Over the End of the World ) and `` Ready , Set , Go ! '' are rock songs by German alternative rock band Tokio Hotel .
`` Down to the Waterline '' is a 1978 song written by Mark Knopfler and first released by Dire Straits as the first song on their debut album , Dire Straits .
On Fyre is the first studio album by the American Garage Rock band Lyres , released in 1984 by the label Ace Of Hearts , and reissued in 2002 by Matador Records .
Do n't Tell Me You Do is the ninth overall and fourth North American studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella .
Hope of the Broken World is the name of Selah 's eighth studio album .
El Heredero is the second studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito .
Duals is a compilation album released by the Irish rock band U2 in April 2011 only available to u2.com subscribers .
`` Arriba en la Cordillera '' ( English : Above on the Mountains ) is a song by Chilean singer Patricio Manns , first released in 1965 .
Eat Me in St. Louis is the third album by British progressive pop / rock band It Bites .
`` Merry Christmas Jakey Boy '' is a single released exclusively for the Irish market in December 2006 by Jake Stevens .
Heart On is the third studio album from American rock band Eagles of Death Metal , released on October 28 , 2008 .
Massive Luxury Overdose is the second studio album by the Swedish pop group Army of Lovers .
Bedawwar A Albi ( Arabic : بتدور على قلبي‎ , English : Searching for My Heart ) is the third studio album by the Lebanese singer Amal Hijazi released in 2004 .
Songs About Stuff is the first studio album by Singer / Songwriter Wally Pleasant , which he released in 1992 on Miranda Records .
Zero She Flies is the third studio album by folk artist Al Stewart , released in 1970 .
Fall in Love & Songs ( simplified Chinese : 静茹＆情歌-别再为他流泪 ; traditional Chinese : 靜茹＆情歌-別再為他流淚 ) is the tenth studio album by Fish Leong .
`` Walking on Broken Glass '' is a song written and performed by Scottish singer Annie Lennox , taken from her 1992 album , Diva .
`` Knuck If You Buck '' is the first single from hip hop / crunk group Crime Mob 's debut album , Crime Mob .
On Praying Ground is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson , released in 1990 .
`` It 's Gon na Work Out Fine '' is a song written by Rose Marie McCoy and Sylvia McKinney , and released as a single by Ike & Tina Turner in 1961 .
Passionate Guitars is a reissue of Passion Guitars by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli .
Nightbreaker is the eighth studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot .
The Royal Thousand is the debut album by the metalcore band Glass Cloud .
`` I Pray on Christmas '' is a Christmas carol with music and lyrics by Harry Connick Jr. First released in 1993 on his multi platinum album When My Heart Finds Christmas .
Primera Toma ( Take One ) is the first studio album release from Spanish music trio , La 5ª Estación .
The Stripped Mixes ( released on CD for a limited time as The Motown 50 Mixes ) , is a collection of American recording artist and former Jackson 5 member Michael Jackson 's classic songs .
Jævla Jazzist Grete Stitz ( released 1996 in Oslo by label Thug Records - THUG 011 ) is an album by Jaga Jazzist .
Sin / Pecado is the third studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band , Moonspell , released in 1997/1998 .
`` Get It All '' is a song performed by American R&B singer , Sean Garrett and features American rapper , Nicki Minaj .
Ígéret is the seventh studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada .
We 're Already Gone is the second full length album by The Beautiful Girls , an Australian roots band .
`` Did Ya ' Understand That '' is the second and last single from Willa Ford 's album Willa Was Here .
`` Sick Again '' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin , from their 1975 album Physical Graffiti .
L'Heptade is the third and final album from Harmonium .
Live over Europe 2007 is the sixth live album by British band Genesis recorded during the Turn It On Again :
Strange in Stereo is the third full - length studio album by the Norwegian progressive / avant - garde metal band In the Woods ...
Friday Night at St. Andrews ( originally named Live from St. Andrews ) is the third studio album by American rapper and member of D12 , Bizarre .
`` Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is '' is a song by Australian rock band Jet , and is the third track on their second album Shine On .
Until My Heart Caves In is the eighth studio album by Audio Adrenaline and the final album with Mark Stuart as the lead vocalist .
`` Do You Compute ? '' is a song by American rock musician Donnie Iris from his 1983 album Fortune 410 .
`` Fjögur píanó '' is a song by Icelandic band Sigur Rós from their sixth studio album , Valtari .
A Secret Wish was the 1985 debut album of German synthpop band Propaganda .
Eskimo Snow is the third studio album by American indie rock band Why ? .
According to Daryl Hall , during the recording of `` We Are the World '' , Michael Jackson approached him and admitted to lifting the bass line for `` Billie Jean '' from a Hall and Oates song , apparently referring to `` I Ca n't Go for That ( No Can Do ) . ''
Terrorize Brutalize Sodomize is the sixth album by Swedish death metal band Vomitory .
`` Save Your Kisses for Me '' was the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1976 , performed for the United Kingdom by Brotherhood of Man in The Hague , Netherlands .
Deluge and After is the eighth studio album by SCH , released in 2006 .
100 % Colombian is the second studio album released by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals .
Swampsong is the third studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Kalmah .
`` Could I Be Your Girl '' is a song by Jann Arden , released as a single in 1994 , first released on her album Living Under June ( in 1994 in Canada , and in 1995 in various other markets ) .
`` Goodbye Kiss '' is Kasabian 's third single from their fourth album , Velociraptor!.
100 stepeni ( English : 100 Degrees ) is the second studio album by Montenegrin dance - pop recording artist Dado Polumenta .
Ladies Invited is the fifth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band , released in 1973 ( see 1973 in music ) .
`` Hey Kid '' is the second official single from Matt Willis , released on August 14 , 2006 .
`` Do n't Tell Me You Love Me '' is a hard rock song by Night Ranger written by Jack Blades from their 1982 album , Dawn Patrol .
`` Lako je sve '' ( English translation : Everything is easy ) is a Croatian song , written by Branimir Mihaljević , Pamela Ramljak and Neda Parmać and sung by girl group Feminnem .
As the Cry Flows is an album by British band Seafood , released on 3 May 2004 .
`` In His Mind '' ( Atlantic Japan / Warner - Pioneer # AMDY-5076 ) is the fifth and final single from Debbie Gibson 's 1990 album Anything Is Possible .
Am I Not Your Girl ? is the third album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor and the follow - up to the hugely successful I Do Not Want What I Have n't Got .
What 's the 411 ? is the debut album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige , released July 28 , 1992 .
Dee Does Broadway is the second album from Dee Snider , frontman of Twisted Sister , after 12 years without any release .
`` Chestnut Mare '' is a song by the American rock band The Byrds , written by Roger McGuinn and Jacques Levy during 1969 for a planned country rock musical named Gene Tryp .
`` Please Mr. Please '' is the title of a popular song from 1975 ( see 1975 in music ) by the Australian singer Olivia Newton - John .
`` Do n't Forget to Remember Me '' is a song written by Morgane Hayes , Kelley Lovelace and Ashley Gorley , and recorded by American country music Carrie Underwood .
`` How Could an Angel Break My Heart '' is the fourth and final single from Toni Braxton 's second studio album , Secrets ( 1996 ) .
`` Do You Feel What I Feel ? '' is a song by British boy band JLS from their third studio album , Jukebox .
`` Love Myself '' is the debut single by American actress and singer Hailee Steinfeld .
Let Your Body Take Over is the full - length debut album from the post - hardcore band Four Letter Lie .
Motherfuckers Be Trippin ' is the sixth studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers .
The Transient Effects of Light on Water is a 2000 metalcore album by This Day Forward .
`` Absolutely Positively '' is the second single from American singer Anastacia 's fourth studio album , Heavy Rotation .
Flat Tracker is the second studio album released by the Seattle hardcore punk band Zeke .
Men from Earth is the fourth album by the Country rock / Southern rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils .
Sideshow Symphonies is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian avant - garde metal band Arcturus .
Faces Places ( stylized as FACES PLACES ) is the second studio album by Globe released on March 12 , 1997 .
Thirteen Down is the thirteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch , released in 1980 .
`` It Started with a Love Affair '' is a 1989 song first performed by Swedish singer Jerry Williams .
5th Season is the fourth studio album by the German progressive metal band Dreamscape .
`` A Matter of Trust '' is a song by Billy Joel released as the second single from his album The Bridge .
Crossfaderz is the second album by turntablist , Roc Raida .
`` No More Tears ( Enough Is Enough ) '' is a 1979 song recorded as a duet by Barbra Streisand and Donna Summer .
Wade Through the Boggs is a CD released by Sebadoh in 2007 and sold during its tour that year .
`` Promise This '' is a song by English recording artist Cheryl Cole , taken from her second studio album Messy Little Raindrops .
The Monster Who Ate Jesus is the first studio album of Indianapolis Christian horror punk band Blaster the Rocket Man under Jackson Rubio Records , released August 10 , 1999 .
Garage Hymns is the second full - length album by American indie - rock band Empires , released in 2012 .
Danna International ( Offer Nissim Presents ) is the first album by Israeli singer Dana International , released in 1993 .
`` Friends Turbo '' is a song by German electronic dance band Scooter , and the theme song to the German version of the Dutch film New Kids Turbo .
Worlds Torn Asunder is the third album by the American thrash metal band Warbringer , released on September 27 , 2011 via Century Media .
Med vidöppna fönster ( With wide open windows ) is the 18th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer / songwriter Tomas Ledin , released in March 2004 .
Survival of the Fastest is the first album by the thrash metal band Gama Bomb .
`` Lost in Emotion '' is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam that appeared on their 1987 album Spanish Fly .
Tunnel of Fire is a musical album by the band Darediablo .
`` Last Dollar ( Fly Away ) '' is a song written by Big Kenny , one half of the duo Big & Rich , and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw .
Circle Gets the Square is Kevin Devine 's first studio album as a solo artist .
Everywhere , and Right Here is the fourth studio album ( not including their remix album ) from Ohio post - rock band The Six Parts Seven .
`` Tricky , Tricky '' is a song released by Lou Bega in 1999 from his debut album A Little Bit of Mambo .
Rhythm Drives Me Crazy is an electronica song performed by Swedish band BWO .
`` The Sweetness Lies Within '' is a single from British indie rock band Hefner .
`` That Golden Rule '' is the second single to be taken from Scottish alternative rock trio Biffy Clyro 's fifth studio album , Only Revolutions , released on 23 August 2009 .
Jackie 's Bag is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Blue Note label .
Still Going Strong is the eleventh studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil .
Ask the Ages ( 1991 ) was the last album released by jazz guitarist Sonny Sharrock before his death in 1994 ( though posthumously released albums followed ) .
Tahajjud Cinta is the fourteenth album by Dato ' Siti Nurhaliza and also her first album to be categorised as a spiritual or religious album .
`` Round About Way '' is a song written by Steve Dean and Wil Nance , and recorded by American country music singer George Strait .
Master of Brutality is the debut album by the Japanese stoner rock / doom metal band Church of Misery .
Weary and Wired is the second album by guitarist and singer - songwriter Marc Ford .
Bummm ! is Hungarian rock band Locomotiv GT 's third studio album and was released in 1973 .
`` V-2 Schneider '' is a largely instrumental piece written by David Bowie in 1977 for the album `` Heroes '' .
Wise After the Event is the second solo album from former Genesis guitarist Anthony Phillips .
`` Do n't Love You No More ( I 'm Sorry ) '' is the second single from British R&B artist Craig David 's third album The Story Goes ....
`` A Rolling Stone '' is a 1980 single by Jamaican singer Grace Jones .
`` Al di là '' ( English translation : `` Beyond '' ) is a song written by Italian composer Carlo Donida and lyricst Mogol , and recorded by Betty Curtis .
The Winter in Lisbon is a soundtrack album for the European film of the same name directed by José A. Zorrilla composed and performed by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie in 1990 and released on the Milan label .
`` I Do n't Think , I Know '' is a pop country song written by Brooke McClymont and Clive Young , produced by Charles Fisher for McClymont 's second single released in Australia on 2 December 2002 as a CD single .
Lena Like Latin ( aka Lena Goes Latin ) is a 1963 studio album by Lena Horne , arranged by Shorty Rogers and Marty Paich .
Tony Makes It Happen is an album by American singer Tony Bennett , originally released in 1967 on Columbia as CL 2653 .
`` Two Tickets to Paradise '' is a song by American rock singer , Eddie Money , from his 1977 album Eddie Money .
`` Benzin '' ( German , in English : Gasoline ) is a song by German industrial metal band Rammstein , released as the first single from their album Rosenrot .
At War with Walls & Mazes is the debut album from Son Lux .
Honeyburst is the second studio album by Danish singer - songwriter Tim Christensen , released on 1 September 2003 on CD and vinyl .
When I See You Smile is a song by American / British hard rock band Bad English .
`` Cherish the Day '' is the fourth and final single by English band Sade from their fourth studio album , Love Deluxe ( 1992 ) .
Vapen & ammunition ( Swedish for Weapons & Ammunition ) is the fifth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent .
Dark Endless is the debut studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk .
Wailin ' for Love is an album by Junior Marvin released in 2007 .
Sound of a Woman is the major label debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Kiesza .
`` For You I Will ( Confidence ) '' is the debut single from the American singer - songwriter Teddy Geiger , featured on his debut album Underage Thinking .
`` One Way Ticket ( Because I Can ) '' or simply `` One Way Ticket '' is a song written by Judy Rodman and Keith Hinton , and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes .
The Greatest Songs of the Eighties is Barry Manilow 's 38th album , and follow - up to his 2007 album , The Greatest Songs of the Seventies .
Razorbliss is the fifth studio album by the band Flowing Tears , the third under the moniker of Flowing Tears .
`` Kennst du die Stars '' ( German : `` Do you know the Stars '' ) is the third single by German rapper Bushido featuring comedian Oliver Pocher , from his album , Heavy Metal Payback .
East of the River Nile is a 1977 reggae album ( see 1977 in music ) by Jamaican musician Augustus Pablo .
`` Elisabeth 's Eyes '' is the second single of 1989 from English musician Nik Kershaw .
Vendeurs de larmes is the sixth studio album of French singer Daniel Balavoine , that was released in April 1982 and was a success with sales of 600,000 copies in France .
`` Marley Purt Drive '' is a song recorded by the Bee Gees , It was written by Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb and released in March 1969 on the album Odessa .
Three Men Walking is an album by American composer , composer , saxophone and clarinet player Joe Maneri with guitarist Joe Morris and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label .
Doble Opuesto was the first successful album of the Chilean rock / pop group La Ley ( a failed first album , Desiertos , was released in 1991 ) .
The Answer to the Question is Tree63 's third album .
Olam Tzafuf ( Hebrew : עולם צפוף‎ , Crowded World ) is a 1983 album by Israeli rock band HaClique .
Damn Fool is the second studio album by Big Scoob , released on May 3 , 2011 .
One Simple Word is the fourth album by the American pop / rock band The Connells , released in 1990 .
Three Snakes and One Charm is the fourth album by the American blues rock band The Black Crowes .
Fornever , stylized as For(n)ever , is the fourth studio album by American rock band Hoobastank , released in the US January 27 , 2009 and was released in Australia June 26 , 2009 .
Self - Destructive Pattern is the third album by the American industrial metal band Spineshank .
Twenty 1 is the seventeenth studio album ( and twenty - first overall ) by the American band Chicago .
In Somniphobia is the ninth studio album released by Japanese extreme metal band Sigh .
Bring ' Em All In ( 1995 ) was Mike Scott 's first of two solo albums , the other being 1997 's Still Burning .
Word Gets Around is the debut album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics .
Strike Ten is the eighth album by the band known as Bonfire , but is the tenth album release , hence the name .
`` I 'll Kill You '' is the debut single by Japanese heavy metal band X Japan , then named X , released in June 1985 .
Invaders Must Die is the fifth studio album by English electronic dance music group The Prodigy .
Boss for Leader is the third full - length album by the Swedish synthpop group Slagsmålsklubben and the follow - up to the 2004 album Sagan om konungens årsinkomst .
Enjoy Your Rabbit is a 2001 electronic music album by Sufjan Stevens .
10 Neurotics is the tenth studio album by the Darkwave/ Dark Cabaret band Black Tape for a Blue Girl .
World Wild 2010 ( stylized as WORLD WILD 2010 and pronounced as World Wild two - o - one - zero ) is the second full - length album by Japanese electronica singer and lyricist Saori@destiny .
Dino Ortolani , played by Jon Seda , is a fictional character who appeared in three episodes of the HBO series Oz . Although he dies in the first episode of the series , which is more or less centered on his character , his death has a strong impact on the rest of season 1 .
The Devil May Care is the second full length album by Melbourne based rock music group 67 Special .
Over the Next Hill is an album by the band Fairport Convention , released in 2004 .
Oretachi no Celebration ( 俺たちのセレブレーション ) is the fortieth single by the Japanese pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
`` Ai n't Nothing 'bout You '' is a song written by Tom Shapiro and Rivers Rutherford , and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn .
Sod Buster Ballads is a 1941 album by the Almanac Singers :
We Sweat Blood is the second album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones .
Mr. & Mrs. Used to Be is a vocal duet album by American country singers , Loretta Lynn and Ernest Tubb .
`` Brimful of Asha '' is a 1997 single by British alternative rock band Cornershop , which originally reached number 60 in the UK Singles Chart in 1997 .
The Fabled City is the second studio album by The Nightwatchman , the alter ego of Tom Morello .
How Far to Asgaard is the first full - length album by the Faroese Heavy Metal band Týr .
30 Silver Pieces is the first studio album by Salt Lake City , Utah - based band Melodramus .
`` Zion 's Daughter '' is a 1982 Christmas single by German band Boney M. , the second single to be released off their Christmas Album , released in November 1981 .
Fable Frolic is the third and final album by the Swedish death metal band Comecon .
`` Perdono '' ( also released under the title `` Xdono '' ) is a 2001 song recorded by Italian singer Tiziano Ferro .
Bean Bags is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson and saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the Atlantic label .
Prince of the South 2 is the third studio album by Atlanta rapper Lil Scrappy , it was released on October 19 , 2010 .
Yodel the Cowboy Way is a compilation recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky on January 13 , 1998 .
Twelve Ways to Count is the debut album by British chamber pop band The Miserable Rich .
I Promised God is a solo album of William Layton Nelson .
`` A Song for You '' is a song written and originally recorded by rock singer and pianist Leon Russell for his first solo album Leon Russell , which was released in 1970 on Shelter Records .
To Hell or Barbados is the fourth studio album by Irish singer - songwriter Damien Dempsey released in Ireland and the UK in June 2007 .
The Madly in Anger with the World Tour was a year - long concert tour by Metallica that took place in 2003 and 2004 , in connection with their St. Anger album .
`` Spanish Eddie '' is a song by American singer Laura Branigan released as the lead single from her fourth album , Hold Me .
`` I 'd Love You to Want Me '' is the title of a popular song from 1972 by Lobo ( the stage name of Kent LaVoie ) .
The Fine Art of Surfacing was The Boomtown Rats ' third album and contained the hit - single releases , `` I Do n't Like Mondays '' , `` Diamond Smiles '' and `` Someone 's Looking at You '' .
Transworld Ultra Rock is the seventh album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2007 .
Share My World is the third studio album by American R&B singer - songwriter Mary J. Blige , released by MCA on April 22 , 1997 .
`` Love Is Blindness '' is a song by the rock band U2 , and the twelfth and final track on their 1991 album Achtung Baby .
Santa Claus and His Old Lady is a bit by Cheech and Chong , one of their best - known comedy routines .
Bop - Be is the final album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett 's ' American Quartet ' .
Almost Made Ya is an R&B song by American duo Ali & Gipp , for the debut album , Kinfolk ( 2007 ) .
Uzed is the fourth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero .
Script for a Jester 's Tear is the debut studio album by the British neo - progressive rock band Marillion , released in 1983 .
Gela Mou ( Greek : Γέλα Μου ; English : Smile at me ) is the first studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi .
`` Escape Me '' is a single recorded by Tiësto featuring vocals from C. C. Sheffield .
`` Building a Mystery '' is a song by Sarah McLachlan , from her multi - platinum album Surfacing , first released in 1997 .
`` Narodnozabavni rock '' ( Folkpop rock ) is a song written by Marino Legović and Leon Oblak and performed by Ansambel Roka Žlindre and Kalamari , who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 .
Regret Over the Wires is an album by Matthew Ryan , released September 23 , 2003 by Hybrid Recordings .
DC EP is an EP by John Frusciante , released on September 14 , 2004 on Record Collection .
`` Key Key Karimba '' is a song by Italo disco act Baltimora , released in 1987 as the lead single from their second and final studio album Survivor in Love .
The Other One is the third solo album by former Fleetwood Mac guitarist Bob Welch .
`` I Guess I Like It Like That '' is a 1991 promotional single written by Australian singer - songwriter Kylie Minogue and British producers Mike Stock and Pete Waterman for Minogue 's fourth album Let 's Get to It .
`` One Way or Another ( Teenage Kicks ) '' is a cover recorded by the British and Irish boy band One Direction , released as the 2013 Comic Relief charity single on 17 February 2013 .
Elastic Rock is Nucleus ' first album .
`` Rotterdam ( or Anywhere ) '' is a song by The Beautiful South , taken from their fifth studio album Blue Is the Colour ( 1996 ) .
Fandangos in Space is the 1973 debut album by flamenco - rock band Carmen .
Teenage Graffiti is the second studio album by the American rock band The Pink Spiders , released on August 1 , 2006 .
Music at the Speed of Life ( stylised as Music @ the Speed of Life ) is the eighth studio album by Mint Condition .
If You Swear , You 'll Catch No Fish is the second full - length album by the Canadian hardcore punk band SNFU .
Western Bell is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps , released 2009 .
Crackin ' Up ! was Ray Stevens ' twenty - fourth studio album and his fourth for MCA Records , released in 1987 .
Palepoli is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by the Italian band Osanna , widely considered amongst the best in the Italian progressive rock genre .
How Do You Like Me Now ? ! is the fifth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith .
Missa Gaia / Earth Mass is an album released by Paul Winter in 1982 for Living Music .
`` Into Your System '' is a song written and produced by Peter Hartmann and Jan Langhoff and recorded by the Dutch singer EliZe .
Die Without Hope is the fifth album by deathcore band Carnifex .
`` Jingling Baby '' was the final single released from LL Cool J 's third album , Walking with a Panther .
`` Send Me Your Money '' is a song by Suicidal Tendencies , released as a single in 1990 from their successful album Lights ...
Cindai is the third album from Malaysian pop singer Siti Nurhaliza released in 1997 .
`` A Little Less Conversation '' is a song written by Mac Davis and Billy Strange originally performed by Elvis Presley for the 1968 film Live a Little , Love a Little .
Eleven Fire Crackers is the fifth full - length album released by the Japanese rock band Ellegarden .
Blow Your Pants Off is the second album by the American actor and comedian Jimmy Fallon .
Matt Aragon is the sixth full - length album from San Diegan punk band Dogwood .
`` Brando Moves '' is a single released from Izabella Scorupco 's 1991/1992 album Iza .
On My Way & Shoutin ' Again ! is an album released by pianist , composer and bandleader Count Basie featuring compositions by Neal Hefti recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Verve label .
Strictly Platinum is the debut album of singer / rapper Princess Superstar , released in 1996 .
`` How Can I Fall ? '' is the title of a 1988 song by the British pop group Breathe .
The Lion and the Cobra is the 1987 debut album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor on Ensign / Chysalis records .
`` Whammy Kiss '' is the second single released by The B-52 's from their 1983 album Whammy!.
Magic , Murder and the Weather is the fourth studio album by English post - punk band Magazine , and their final album until the band 's reformation in 2009 .
`` Heat of the Moment '' is the first hit single released by progressive rock supergroup Asia from their smash 1982 eponymous debut .
Undeceived is the second LP and third studio release by Norwegian Christian metal band Extol .
30/30 - 150 is the first single from the rock band Stone Sour 's second album Come What(ever ) May.
`` Only Daddy That 'll Walk the Line '' is a song written by Jimmy Bryant , and recorded by American country music singer and musician Waylon Jennings .
Tapes , Breaks and Out - Takes is CD by The Cat Empire .
`` This Must Be the Place ( Naive Melody ) '' is a song by new wave band Talking Heads , released in November 1983 as the second single from their fifth album Speaking in Tongues .
Spinning Around the Sun is the fourth full - length album by country music singer - songwriter Jimmie Dale Gilmore .
On the Strength of All Convinced is Daphne Loves Derby 's first physically released studio album .
10,000 Shots is the fifth album by Scottish - Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies , recorded and released in 2005 .
The Black Black is Solace 's fifth studio recording .
20th Anniversary is The Rippingtons ' fourteenth album which was released in 2006 .
`` Swords of a Thousand Men '' is a song and single written by Eddie Tenpole and performed by British punk band Tenpole Tudor .
Kill ' Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica , released on July 25 , 1983 , by the independent label Megaforce Records .
`` In This Diary '' is a song recorded by American Pop punk group The Ataris .
Changin ' Lanes is the eighth solo studio album by Houston hip hop rapper Lil Keke .
Pejantan Tangguh is music album from Sheila on 7 released in 2004 .
4 Plugs is the seventh album by The Mad Capsule Markets .
Best Day is the fifth studio album by Canadian band Dala .
Chewing Pine is the last album on the Capitol label by American guitarist Leo Kottke , released in 1975 .
`` Bengali in Platforms '' is a Morrissey song from his debut album Viva Hate .
Live at Wacken Open Air 2007 is a video by the American thrash metal band Overkill , released on February 5 , 2008 through Bodog Music .
More Fish is the sixth studio album by rapper Ghostface Killah , released on December 12 , 2006 through the Def Jam label .
`` 4 Words ( To Choke Upon ) '' is a song by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine , the song is released as the second single from their second EP Hand of Blood and later their debut album The Poison .
`` Long Train Runnin ' '' ( or `` Long Train Running '' ) is a song recorded by The Doobie Brothers and written by band member Tom Johnston .
Brez dlake na jeziku is a musical album by Adi Smolar .
Luzbelito is the eighth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota , released in 1996 .
We 're Down Til We 're Underground is the second and final studio album by the American hardcore band Give Up the Ghost .
Hot Buttered Soul is the second studio album by American soul musician Isaac Hayes .
`` I Wo n't Be Crying '' is the Danish dance band Infernal 's 3rd single released in the UK .
Visual Lies was the 3rd album by L.A. metal band Lizzy Borden and the only one to feature future David Lee Roth and Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Joe Holmes , credited as J. Holmes .
Beta Love is the third studio album of the Syracuse - based indie rock band Ra Ra Riot .
`` Until I Met You '' is a country music song released as a single in 1986 by American country music artist , Judy Rodman .
Destroyer of Worlds is the tenth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory .
Good Nature is the only album by the Oxford based post - rock band Youthmovies .
Sinister Swing is the third studio album by South African recording artist Ashton Nyte , frontman for the Gothic rock band The Awakening .
May I Sing with Me is the fifth album released , in 1992 , by indie rock band Yo La Tengo .
Bend in the Road is an album by British blues musician Jeremy Spencer , who was a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1967 - -71 .
Warm Slime is a studio album by American psychedelic rock band Thee Oh Sees , released on May 11 , 2010 .
Voyage to India is the second studio album by American soul / R&B singer India . Arie , released in 2002 ( see 2002 in music ) .
`` Blood for Poppies '' is the 2012 lead single from alternative rock band Garbage 's fifth studio album Not Your Kind of People , released to radio worldwide and as the band 's Record Store Day single in the United States .
Marika № 5 is the fifth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1984 .
`` Hyacinth House '' is a 1971 song by The Doors which appears on their final album with frontman Jim Morrison , L.A. Woman .
Andrea Luchesi was born at Motta di Livenza , near Treviso the eleventh child of Pietro Luchese and Caterina Gottardi .
Petter Stenborg ( 1719 -- 6 November 1781 ) was a Swedish actor and theater director who played an important role of the continuation of the native speaking theater in Sweden .
Giovanni Maria Lancisi ( Latin name : Johannes Maria Lancisius ) was educated at the Collegio Romano and the University of Rome , where he qualified in medicine aged 18 .
František Vladislav Hek ( April 11 , 1769 in Dobruška , Bohemia -- September 4 , 1847 in Letohrad - until 1950 Kyšperk , in German Geiersberg ) was a Czech patriot active in early phases of the Czech National Revival , writer and composer .
Giovanni Rovetta ( 1596 - -1668 ) was an Italian Baroque composer and maestro di capella of the Capella Marciana at St Mark 's Basilica , Venice between Monteverdi and Cavalli .
Sante Cattaneo or Santo Cattaneo ( August 8 , 1739 -- 1819 ) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic period , mainly active in Brescia .
Kostas Choumis ( Greek : Κώστας Χούμης , Romanian : Constantin `` Costică '' Humis , born 20 November 1913 in Piraeus , Greece - deceased 20 July 1981 in Athens ) was a Greek - Romanian football player who played as a striker .
Viktor Car Emin ( Kraj at Mošćenička Draga , 1 November 1870 - Opatija , 17 April 1963 ) was a prominent Croatian writer .
Georges Goyau : sa vie et son œuvre in his memory in 1947 Rue Georges Goyau in Bernay is named after him .
Georg Ludolf Dissen ( December 17 , 1784 -- September 21 , 1837 ) was a German classical philologist who was a native of Groß Schneen , a village in the District of Göttingen .
Helen Bannerman , born Helen Brodie Cowan Watson ( February 25 , 1862 in Edinburgh -- October 13 , 1946 in Edinburgh ) was a Scottish author of children 's books .
Anthony Fiala ( September 19 , 1869 -- April 8 , 1950 ) was an American explorer , born in Jersey City , New Jersey , and educated at Cooper Union and the National Academy of Design , New York City .
Cornelis Johannes Maks ( August 22 , 1876 -- October 28 , 1967 ) , known as Kees Maks , was a Dutch painter born in Amsterdam .
William Kelly Harrison ( July 30 , 1870 -- August 15 , 1928 ) was born in Waco , Texas and died in San Diego , California .
Rajiv Gandhi 's last public meeting was on 21 May 1991 , at Sriperumbudur , a village approximately 40 km ( 25 mi ) from Chennai , where he was assassinated while campaigning for the Sriperumbudur Lok Sabha Congress candidate .
Fulchran - Jean Harriet ( 1776 , Paris - 9 September 1805 , Rome ) was a French painter .
Vicente Blanco ( born 15 March 1884 in Deusto -- 24 May 1957 in Bilbao ) was a Spanish racing cyclist .
Harry Valérien ( 4 November 1923 in Munich -- 12 October 2012 in Berg ) was a German sports journalist .
In 1857 Nestor Kukolnik resigned and settled in Taganrog .
Egon Terzetta ( Bulgarian : Егон Терцета ) ( 2 July 1899 Valona , Austro - Hungarian Empire , modern - day Albania - 16 August 1964 Genoa , Italy ) was an Italian football player who played for SK Ticha and SC Vladislav from Varna , Bulgaria .
Eduard Schwyzer ( 15 February 1874 , Zürich -- 3 May 1943 , Berlin ) was a Swiss Classical philologist and Indo - European linguist , specializing in Ancient Greek and Greek dialects .
Barkat Sidhu died of cancer in a hospital in Ludhiana on 17 August 2014 .
Francis Alison ( 1705 - -1779 ) was a leading minister in the Synod of Philadelphia during The Old Side - New Side Controversy
Henryk Gold ( 1902 -- 9 January 1977 in New York , USA ) was a Polish Jewish composer , arranger , and orchestra director .
Kalthoum Sarrai died in Paris on Tuesday 19 January 2010 , of cancer at the age of 47 .
Robert Hippolyte Chodat ( 4 June 1865 , Moutier -- 28 April 1934 ) was a Swiss botanist and phycologist who was a professor and director of the botanical institute at the University of Geneva .
Giovanni Giacomo Pandolfi ( 1567 - -1636 ) was an Italian painter , who was born and lived in Pesaro .
Edward Joshua Cooper ( May 1798 -- 23 April 1863 ) was an Irish landowner , politician and astronomer from Markree Castle in County Sligo .
Ippolito Baccusi ( also Baccusii , Hippolyti ) ( c.1550 -- 2 September 1609 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance , active in northern Italy , including Venice , Mantua , and Verona .
Ugo Cerroni ( born March 15 , 1915 in Rome ) was an Italian professional football player .
Carneades , the son of Epicomus or Philocomiis , was born at Cyrene , North Africa in 214/213 BC . He migrated early to Athens , and attended the lectures of the Stoics , and learned their logic from Diogenes .
Jantina Tammes was born on 23 June 1871 in Groningen in the Netherlands .
Peter De Vries died at age 83 on September 28 , 1993 in a Norwalk , Connecticut hospital .
The French artist Edgar Stoëbel ( 1909 - -2001 ) , real name René Teboul Yechoua , was born in Frenda , Algeria , on 21 December 1909 , and died in Paris in December 2001 .
Veronica Franco ( 1546 - -1591 ) was an Italian poet and courtesan in 16th - century Venice .
José Cruz Herrera ( 1 October 1890 -- 11 August 1972 ) was a Spanish painter who concentrated principally on genre works and landscape art . He worked in Spain , Uruguay , Argentina , France and especially Morocco , where he lived for much of his life in Casablanca .
Frederick de Jersey Clere ( 7 January 1856 -- 13 August 1952 ) was an architect in Wellington , New Zealand .
Silas Albertson Underhill was an orthodox Quaker , an attorney , and later an assistant clerk in the New York Supreme Court , Brooklyn .
Vyacheslav Ivanovich Silin ( 1907 - -1975 ) was a leading Russian weapons engineer in the Soviet Union .
Erdmuthe Dorothea of Saxe - Zeitz ( 13 November 1661 -- 29 April 1720 ) was the wife of Duke Christian II of Saxe - Merseburg , whom she married on 14 October 1679 at Moritzburg Palace in Zeitz .
Ghassan Kanafani ( Arabic:غسان كنفاني , April 9 , 1936 in Akka , Palestine -- July 8 , 1972 in Beirut , Lebanon ) was a Palestinian writer and a leading member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
Christian Schneider ( born 19 November 1887 in Kulmbach -- died 5 May 1972 in Heidelberg - Ziegelhausen ) was a German chemist , industrial manager and , in the Third Reich , a Wehrwirtschaftsführer ( war economy leader ) .
Joseph Van Daele ( 16 December 1889 in Wattrelos , France -- 14 February 1948 in Amiens , France ) was a Belgian champion cyclist who was a professional rider between 1912 and 1926 .
Aleksander Zarzycki ( 26 February 1834 in Lviv ( Lemberg ) , Austria - Hungary ( now Ukraine ) -- 1 November 1895 in Warsaw ) was a Polish pianist , composer and conductor .
Bonagiunta Orbicciani , also called Bonaggiunta and Urbicciani ( ca . 1220 in Lucca -- 1290 ) , was an Italian poet of the Tuscan School , which drew on the work of the Sicilian School .
Albert van Spiers ( baptized on 18 November 1665 , Amsterdam -- buried on 9 November 1718 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Tiberio Mitri ( 12 July 1926 in Trieste -- 12 February 2001 in Rome ) was an Italian boxer who fought from 1946 to 1957 .
Anas ibn Malik , was the last of the sahaba to die at Basra in 93 AH aged 103 .
St. Birinus Church of England Liturgical Commission , 2000 , page 13 Kirby , 2000 , page 49 `` Welcome to the Catholic Church of St Birinus , Dorchester on Thames '' .
Blessed Baron Vilmos Apor de Altorja ( February 29 , 1892 , Segesvár , Hungary -- April 2 , 1945 , Győr , Hungary ) was the Bishop of Győr during World War II who became famous for protesting against the persecution of the Hungarian Jews .
Ernst Alexander Rauter ( 27 April 1929 in Klagenfurt -- 8 March 2006 in Munich ) was an Austrian uncommitted leftist author , journalist and self -- taught language critic .
Sheila Tracy died at the age of 80 , on 30 September 2014 , at the Princess Alice Hospice in Esher , Surrey .
Luise von Göchhausen ( 13 February 1752 , Eisenach - 7 September 1807 , Weimar ) was Chief Lady - in - Waiting to duchess Anna Amalia of Brunswick - Wolfenbüttel .
Alexander Fu Sheng ( 20 October 1954 -- 7 July 1983 ) , born Cheung Fu - Sheng ( 張富聲 ) , also known as Fu Sheng was a Hong Kong martial arts film star in the 1970s .
Prince Christian of Schaumburg - Lippe ( German : Christian zu Schaumburg - Lippe ; 20 February 1898 , Ödenburg , Hungary -- 13 July 1974 , Bückeburg ) was a German prince and head of the Náchod branch of the princely house of Schaumburg - Lippe .
Nicolas - Didier Boguet ( 18 February 1755 , Chantilly , Oise - 1 April 1839 , Rome ) was a French landscape painter .
Alexander Lakier was born in the city of Taganrog in 1825 .
Johannes Enschedé IV ( 20 November 1811 in Haarlem --16 August 1878 in Haarlem ) was a Haarlem newspaper editor and printer .
George Edward Post ( 1838 - -1909 ) was a professor of surgery at the Syrian Protestant College in Beirut , now the American University of Beirut ( AUB ) .
Eventually , a young German student named Ilona Sommer ( birth name : Goebel ) helped Moondog set up the primary holding company for his artistic endeavors and hosted him , first in Oer - Erkenschwick , and later on in Münster in Westphalia , Germany .
Abraham Hinckelmann ( 2 May 1652 , Döbeln , Electorate of Saxony -- 11 February 1695 ) , a German Protestant theologian , was an Islamologist who was the first to print a complete Qur'an in Hamburg .
Clément - Charles Sabrevois de Bleury died September 15 , 1862 at his manor house at Saint - Vincent - de - Paul , near Laval , Canada East at the age of 63 .
Francesc Xavier Butinyà i Hospital ( Banyoles , April 16 , 1834 -- Tarragona , December 18 , 1899 ) was a Catalan missionary Jesuit , teacher and writer and the founder of two religious congregations of Sisters .
Gordon Burford died on 12 March 2010 , following a fall at his home in Currumbin Queensland .
Victor Hémery died at Le Mans , France , on September 9 , 1950 , at the 73 years old .
Colonel Hubert Zemke died August 30 , 1994 in Oroville , California .
Hafız Ahmed Pasha ( 1564 in Plovdiv , Bulgaria -- 10 February 1632 in Istanbul ) , also known by epithet Müezzinzade ( `` muezzin 's son '' ) , was an Ottoman grand vizier .
However , although both kings were killed in battle , Chlochilaicus / Hygelac was killed near the coast of France / Frisia , while Hugleik was killed at Fyrisvellir in Sweden .
Elizabeth Choy ( 29 November 1910 -- 14 September 2006 ) , birth name Yong Su - Moi , OBE , was a Singaporean educator and councillor who is regarded as a war heroine in Singapore .
Anton Pilgram ( also Anton Pilchramb ) ( around 1460 , Brno ( ? ) -- 1516 , Vienna ) was a late medieval Austrian ( German ) architect and sculptor active in the area of today 's Czech Republic ( Moravia ) , Austria and western Germany .
Tadeusz Jasiński ( 1926 -- 21 September 1939 in Grodno ) - was one of the young defenders of Grodno ( see Battle of Grodno ( 1939 ) ) in September 1939 , after the Soviet invasion of Poland .
Marten Jozef Geeraerts ( 1707 - 1791 ) , a Flemish historical painter , born at Antwerp , was intended for the law , and studied in the Jesuits ' College .
Axel Boëthius ( July 18 , 1889 in Arvika , Sweden -- May 7 , 1969 in Rome , Italy ) was a scholar and archaeologist of Etruscan culture .
Baron Pierre de Caters ( born Berchem , 25 December 1875 -- died Paris , 21 March 1944 ) was a Belgian adventurer , aviator and car and motorboat racer .
Yuri Pavlovich Rachmaninov ( Russian : Ю́рий Па́влович Рахма́нинов ; born 20 July 1936 in Moscow -- died 18 June 2007 in Moscow ) was a Soviet and Russian scientist and engineer .
On July 14 , 1455 , Kunz von Kaufungen was beheaded by order of Frederick at the marketplace of Freiberg .
Stanisław Gołąb ( July 26 , 1902 -- April 30 , 1980 ) was a Polish mathematician from Kraków , working in particular on the field of affine geometry .
László Ney ( also known as Lancelot Ney ) ( 26 July 1900 , Budapest - 1965 , Paris ) was a Hungarian graphic artist .
Benediktos Adamantiades ( Greek : Βενέδικτος Αδαμαντιάδης ; Bursa , 1875 -- Athens , 1962 ) was a Greek ophthalmologist .
Johann Adolf II , Duke of Saxe - Weissenfels ( Weissenfels , 4 September 1685 -- Leipzig , 16 May 1746 ) , was the last duke of Saxe - Weissenfels - Querfurt and a member of the House of Wettin .
Herman Haupt ( Philadelphia , March 26 , 1817 -- Jersey City , December 14 , 1905 ) was an American civil engineer and railroad construction engineer and executive .
Henri Valois ( September 10 , 1603 , in Paris -- May 7 , 1676 , in Paris ) or in classical circles , Henricus Valesius , was a philologist and a student of classical and ecclesiastical historians .
Papiya Ghosh was a historian of South Asian history and a professor of the University of Patna , India .
Jonas Jablonskis ( December 30 , 1860 , Kubilėliai , Šakiai district -- February 23 , 1930 , Kaunas ) was a distinguished Lithuanian linguist and one of the founders of the standard Lithuanian language .
Joseph de Jussieu ( 3 September 1704 in Lyon -- 11 April 1779 in Paris ) , was a French botanist and explorer , member of the Jussieu family .
Giovanni Battista Borea d'Olmo was born in Genoa , Kingdom of Sardinia on 11 October 1831 and died in Sanremo the 19 October 1936 at 105 years He was a member of Italian Senate from 18 November 1922 to his death .
John Matshikiza was born in Johannesburg , South Africa , to Todd Matshikiza - renowned jazz pianist , composer and journalist - and Esme Matshikiza .
Domenico Ghirlandaio ( Italian : ( doˈmeːniko ɡirlanˈdaːjo ) ; 1449 -- 11 January 1494 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence .
Wenzel Krumpholz , or Václav Krumpholz ( born at Zlonice , near Prague in 1750 , died Vienna May 2 , 1817 ) was a musician who played mandolin and violin .
Rudolph Zacharias Becker ( 9 April 1752 in Erfurt , Archbishopric of Mainz -- 28 March 1822 in Gotha ) was a German educator and author .
Henri - Jacques de Croes ( baptised 19 September 1705 in Antwerp , died 16 August 1786 in Brussels ) was a composer and violinist from the Austrian Netherlands , nowadays Belgium .
Marian Rułka ( 22 July 1929 , in Lublin -- 13 November 1983 , in Warsaw ) was a Polish theatre and film actor .
Luigi Denza ( 24 February 1846 in Castellammare di Stabia -- 27 January 1922 in London ) was an Italian composer .
Frank Socolow ( September 18 , 1923 -- April 30 , 1981 ) , born in New York City , was a jazz saxophonist and oboist , noted for his tenor playing .
Anton Gindely ( Czech : Antonín Gindely , 3 September 1829 , Prague - 24 October 1892 ) was a Bohemian historian , a son of an Hungarian German father and a Czech mother , born in Prague .
Charles Howard Hodges ( 1764 , Portsmouth -- July 24 , 1837 Amsterdam ) , was a British painter active in the Netherlands during the French occupation of 18th and early 19th century .
Jean - Rémy Palanque ( 7 March 1898 in Marseille -- 2 June 1988 ) was a professor of ancient history at the Faculty of Letters of Montpellier , then at the University of Aix - en - Provence .
Born as José Roberto Hill del Rivero in Mexico City , he appeared in plays , films , and telenovelas ( soap operas ) .
André Bizette - Lindet was born in 1906 in Savenay and died in Sèvres in 1988 .
Karl Selter ( born June 24 , 1898 in Koeru , Estonia - died January 31 , 1958 in Geneva , Switzerland ) was an Estonian politician and a Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia .
Christian Friedrich Ludwig ( 19 May 1757 , Leipzig -- 8 July 1823 , Leipzig ) was a German physician and naturalist .
Nicolás de Villacis ( 9 September 1616 - 8 April 1694 ) was a Spanish Baroque painter from Murcia , a disciple of Diego Velázquez .
Arnold Wycombe Gomme ( 16 November 1886 -- 17 January 1959 ) was a British classical scholar , lecturer in ancient Greek and Greek history ( 1911 - -1945 ) , professor of ancient Greek , University of Glasgow ( 1946 - -1957 ) , fellow of the British Academy ( 1947 ) .
Friedrich Allmacher was killed on 26 December 1944 near Berzi , Latvia , in the Courland Pocket .
Amasa Learned ( November 15 , 1750 -- May 4 , 1825 ) was an American preacher , lawyer , and politician from New London , Connecticut .
Léon Printemps was born in Paris to a family which originally hailed from Lille .
Vittoria della Rovere , Grand Duchess of Tuscany , died in Pisa in 1694 at the age of seventy - two .
Sven Delblanc , born May 26 , 1931 in Swan River , Manitoba , Canada , died December 15 , 1992 in Sunnersta , Gottsunda Parish , Uppsala , Sweden was a Swedish author and professor of literature .
Charles Lallemant ( or Lalemant ) , ( November 17 , 1587 -- November 18 , 1674 ) was born in Paris in 1587 and later became the first Superior of the Jesuit Missions amongst the Huron in Canada .
Henry Ries ( September 22 , 1917 -- May 24 , 2004 ) was a photographer who worked for New York Times .
Anthonie van der Heim ( 28 November 1693 , The Hague -- 17 July 1746 , ' s - Hertogenbosch ) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from 4 April 1737 to 17 July 1746 .
Leon Chwistek ( Kraków , Austria - Hungary , 13 June 1884 -- 20 August 1944 , Barvikha near Moscow , Russia ) was a Polish avant - garde painter , theoretician of modern art , literary critic , logician , philosopher and mathematician .
Pietro Grossi ( 15 April 1917 in Venice -- 2002 in Florence ) was an Italian composer pioneer of computer music , visual artist and hacker ahead of his time .
Johann Gotthard von Müller ( 4 May 1747 in Bernhausen , near Stuttgart -- 14 March 1830 in Stuttgart ) was a German line engraver .
Anna Riwkin - Brick or just Anna Riwkin ( Surazh , Chernigov Governorate , Russia 23 June ( O.S. 10 June ) 1908 -- Tel Aviv 19 December 1970 ) was a Russian - born Swedish photographer .
Upon his retirement in 1976 , he sold the instrument and established the Zino Francescatti Foundation , to assist young violinists , in La Ciotat .
Carl Geigy ( * 24 June 1860 in Steinen , Baden - Württemberg , died 3 January 1943 in Münchenstein ) ( also Karl ) was a famous Swiss Philanthropist .
Richard Crawford White ( April 29 , 1923 -- February 18 , 1998 ) was a Democratic politician from El Paso , Texas , who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1955 to 1959 and in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1965 to 1983 .
David Bailly apprenticed with a surgeon - painter Adriaan Verburg in Leiden and then with Cornelius van der Voort , a portrait painter in Amsterdam .
On September 24 , 1984 , a tribute to Blanche Sweet was held at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City .
Nur Devlet took part in the struggle against the Golden Horde and while the great prince faced Tatars Nur Devlet was fun and captured the capital ; was likely to reward the great prince named khan Kasimov Daniya Khan when he died in 1486 .
Heinrich Brocksieper ( * April 15 , 1898 in Hagen , † April 24 , 1968 in Hagen ) was a German photographer , experimental filmmaker and painter .
Arthur Lindo Patterson ( 23 July 1902 , Nelson , New Zealand - 6 November 1966 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a pioneering British X - ray crystallographer .
Arthur Fitger grew up in the grand ducal Posthaus in Delmenhorst which was also an inn which functioned as stopover for change of horses ( postillions ) and postal / customs exchange between Oldenburg and Bremen ( part of the Thurn und Taxis network of the Holy Roman Empire ) .
Sir Emmanuel Charles Quist , OBE , also known as Paa Quist ( 1880 , Christianborg , Accra -- 30 March 1959 ) was a barrister and the first Ghanaian Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Gold Coast and the first Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana .
Bohuslav Chňoupek ( August 10 , 1925 , Petržalka ( now part of Bratislava ) -- June 28 , 2004 , Prague ) was a Czechoslovak politician , journalist and writer .
Guillermo Meneses ( Caracas , 15 December 1911 - Porlamar , Nueva Esparta , 29 December 1978 ) was a Venezuelan writer , playwright , and journalist .
Diego de Arana ( Cordoba , Spain , 1468 - Haiti , 1493 ) was governor of the first documented Spanish settlement in the New World , at La Navidad .
Camillo Praschniker ( 13 October 1884 , Vienna -- 1 October 1949 , Vienna ) was an Austrian archaeologist .
Luke Jordan ( January 28 , 1892 -- June 25 , 1952 ) was an American blues guitarist and vocalist of some renown , particularly in his local area of Lynchburg , Virginia , United States .
Friedrich Sustris ( * ca . 1540 in Padua ; † 1599 in Munich ) was an Italian - Dutch painter , decorator and architect .
Willem Maris ( 18 February 1844 , The Hague -- 10 October 1910 , The Hague ) was a Dutch landscape painter of the Hague School .
Dr. Karl Otto Hunziker died 23 May 1909 in Kilchberg , Canton Zürich .
Jean - Baptiste Barla ( 3 May 1817 , Nice -- 6 November 1896 ) was a French botanist .
Kulyash Baiseitova ( Kazakh : Күләш Жасынқызы Бәйсейітова ; Russian : Куляш Жасымовна Байсеитова ; 1912 , Almaty -- 6 June 1957 , Moscow ) was a Soviet Kazakh opera singer .
Karl Ferdinand Sohn ( December 10 , 1805 in Berlin -- November 25 , 1867 in Cologne ) was a German painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting .
Friedrich Karl Florian ( 4 February 1894 in Essen -- 24 October 1975 in Mettmann ) was the Gauleiter of Düsseldorf in Nazi Germany .
Andrey Kolmogorov was born in Tambov , about 500 kilometers south - southeast of Moscow , in 1903 .
Tommaso Caudera ( born July 26 , 1907 in Turin ) was an Italian professional football player .
A native of Cleveland , Ohio , Gus Heege was the son of a prominent member of the city 's police department .
Agostino Gemelli , O.F.M. , ( 18 January 1878 -- 15 July 1959 ) was an Italian Franciscan friar , physician and psychologist , who was also the founder and first Rector of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore of Milan ( Catholic University of the Sacred Heart ) .
Marie Popelin was born in Schaerbeek near Brussels into a middle - class family .
Douglas William Jerrold ( London 3 January 1803 -- 8 June 1857 London ) was an English dramatist and writer .
Richard Pottier ( June 6 , 1906 , Graz -- November 2 , 1994 , Le Plessis - Bouchard ) was an Austrian - born French film director .
Everette Lee DeGolyer ( October 9 , 1886 -- December 14 , 1956 ) , was a prominent oilman , geophysicist and philanthropist in Dallas .
Richard Barton ( 30 August 1790 -- 20 August 1866 ) was the first European resident of Trentham , Upper Hutt , in New Zealand .
Otto Max Helmuth von Glasenapp ( 8 September 1891 -- 25 June 1963 ) was a German indologist and religious scholar who taught as a professor at the University of Konigsberg in East Prussia ( 1928 - -1944 ) and Tübingen ( 1946 - -1959 ) .
After his death from complications arising from influenza , his Kokomo mansion was converted into the Elwood Haynes Museum and is open to the public where many of his original inventions and automobiles are on display .
Jacobus Enschedé I ( 19 March 1753 in Haarlem --1 January 1783 in Haarlem ) was a Haarlem newspaper editor and printer .
Adolph Bermbach ( 1822 - 1875 ) was a German lawyer who worked in Cologne .
François Mathias René Leprieur ( 18 April 1799 , Saint - Dié - des - Vosges -- 16 July 1870 , Cayenne ) was a French pharmacist and naturalist .
Moritz Wilhelm Drobisch ( August 16 , 1802 , in Leipzig -- September 30 , 1896 , in Leipzig ) was a German mathematician , logician , psychologist and philosopher .
Jonas Basanavičius ( pronunciation , Polish : Jan Basanowicz ; 23 November 1851 in Ožkabaliai -16 February 1927 in Vilnius ) was an activist and proponent of Lithuanian National Revival and founder of the first Lithuanian language newspaper Aušra .
Henri Debain ( August 3 , 1886 - January 15 , 1983 in Paris ) was a French film actor .
Paul Sutton ( May 14 , 1910 , Albuquerque , New Mexico - January 31 , 1970 , Ferndale , Michigan ) was an American film actor , appearing mostly in uncredited roles , and most often in low budget B - movies during the 1930s and 1940s .
Caspar Bartholin the Younger ( /bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn , ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/ ; Latinized : Caspar Bartholin Secundus ; 10 September 1655 in Copenhagen -- 11 June 1738 ) , was a Danish anatomist who first described the `` Bartholin 's gland '' in the 17th century .
Giacomo Lercaro ( October 28 , 1891 -- October 18 , 1976 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Ravenna from 1947 to 1952 , and Archbishop of Bologna from 1952 to 1968 .
Jean Beaufret ( French : ( bofʁɛ ) ; 2 May 1907 , Auzances -- 7 August 1982 , Paris ) was a French philosopher and Germanist tremendously influential in the reception of Martin Heidegger 's work in France .
Enrique Grau died of pulmonary complications at a hospital in Bogotá , Colombia , at the age of 83 .
Alexander Hislop ( born Duns , Berwickshire , 1807 ; died Arbroath , 13 March 1865 ) was a Free Church of Scotland minister known for his criticisms of the Roman Catholic Church .
Afterwards , Jean Carbonnier taught at the University of Paris and at Panthéon - Assas University until 1976 .
Lêdo Ivo ( Maceió , 18 February 1924 -Seville , 23 December 2012 ) was a Brazilian poet , novelist , essayist and journalist .
Lamberto II da Polenta ( died 1347 ) was briefly jointly lord of Ravenna and Cervia from 1346 until his death .
Barbara Howes ( May 1 , 1914 New York City - February 24 , 1996 Bennington , Vermont ) was an American poet .
Juan Manuel Tenuta ( Fray Bentos , Uruguay , 23 January 1924 -- Buenos Aires , Argentina , 5 November 2013 ) was a Uruguayan actor , active in Argentina .
Herbert von Bose ( 16 March 1893 Strasbourg -- 30 June 1934 Berlin ) was head of the press division of the Vice Chancellery ( Reichsvizekanzlei ) in Germany under Vice Chancellor Franz von Papen .
Ben - Zion Orgad ( Hebrew : בן ציון אורגד , originally Ben - Zion Büschel ; b. Gelsenkirchen , Germany , 21 August 1926 ; d. Tel Aviv , Israel , 28 April 2006 ) was an Israeli composer .
Edith Lefel ( November 1963 , in Cayenne , French Guiana - 20 January 2003 , in Dreux , France ) was a French - based singer Lefel 's mother was from French Guiana and her father from the island of Martinique .
Karl Ast ( pseudonym : Karl Rumor , born February 19 , 1886 in the town of Orava / Livonia ; died 9 July 1971 in New York City ) was an Estonian writer and politician .
Rudolf Eisler ( 7 January 1873 , Vienna -- 14 December 1926 , Vienna ) was an Austrian Jewish philosopher .
Varaz Samuelian estimated that during his career he created a thousand works of art , including a monumental statue of the Armenian folkloric legend David of Sassoun in front of the Fresno County Courthouse .
Beremundo González Rodríguez ( Petín , 1909-Paris , 1986 ) was a Galician writer and communist politician .
Frank Taffel ( né Shrage Fyvel Tafel , Krystynopol , then Galicia , Austria - Hungary , now Chervonohrad , Ukraine , March 10 , 1877 ; died 7 July 1947 , Savannah , Georgia , age 70 ) was a journalist , a founder of Congregation Beth Jacob ( Atlanta ) , and an advocate of Jewish causes .
Nicolas Appert ( 17 November 1749 Châlons - sur - Marne ( present Châlons - en - Champagne ) , present Marne -- 1 June 1841 Massy ) , was the French inventor of airtight food preservation .
Vittorina Vivenza ( Villalba , 6 June 1912 - Aosta 3 April 2007 ) was an Italian versatile athlete .
Vladimir Osipovich Sherwood ( Russian : Владимир Осипович Шервуд , also spelled Shervud , August 30 , 1832 , Istleyevo , Tambov Governorate -- July 27 , 1897 ) was a Russian painter and architect who worked in Moscow .
Jürgen Dethloff ( b. 12 May 1924 in Stettin ; d. 31 December 2002 in Hamburg ) was a German inventor and engineer .
Fisher Ames ( /eɪmz/ ; April 9 , 1758 -- July 4 , 1808 ) was a Representative in the United States Congress from the 1st Congressional District of Massachusetts .
Julien Lootens ( 2 August 1876 , Wevelgem , Belgium - 5 August 1942 , Brussels , Belgium ) was an early twentieth century Belgian cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France and finished seventh .
Giorgio Ghisi ( 1520 -- 15 December 1582 ) was an Italian engraver from Mantua who also worked in Antwerp and in France .
George McDuffie died at his estate `` Cherry Hill '' in Sumter County , South Carolina , on March 11 , 1851 .
John Wood , the Elder , ( 1704 -- 23 May 1754 , Bath ) , was an English architect , working mainly in Bath .
On 14 December 1947 , on the flight back to Indonesia , the plane -- piloted by Iswahyudi -- suffered a structural failure and crashed in Tanjung Hantu , Malaysia .
Oskar Seyffert ( 19 February 1862 , Dresden -- 22 February 1940 , Dresden ) was a German art professor at the Königliche Kunstgewerbeschule ( `` Royal Art and Vocational School '' ) in the Kingdom of Saxony .
François Jean de Graindorge d'Orgeville , baron de Mesnil - Durand , known as François - Jean de Mesnil - Durand ( 1 September 1736 , Mesnil - Durand - 13 thermidor year VII , i.e. 31 July 1799 , London ) was a French tactician .
Fernand Léger died at his home in 1955 and is buried in Gif - sur - Yvette , Essonne .
Félix Biet ( 1838 in Langres , Haute - Marne -- 1901 in Saint - Cyr - au - Mont - d'Or ) was a French missionary from Paris Foreign Missions Society and naturalist .
Ewald Meltzer ( 11 August 1869 in Auerbach / Vogtland - 30 January 1940 in Herrnhut , Oberlausitz ) was a German director of an asylum in Saxony whose work had an influence on the Nazis to justify their T-4 Euthanasia Program .
Blaesilla ( died 384 ) was the daughter of Paula , and sister of Eustochium , from one of the Senatorial families of Ancient Rome .
Adolf Emil Büchner ( December 7 , 1826 , Osterfeld -- June 9 , 1908 , Erfurt ) was a German conductor and bandmaster .
Beata Kitsikis ( Greek : Μπεάτα Κιτσίκη ; July 14 , 1907 , Heraklion , Cretan State - February 7 , 1986 , Athens ) , was a Greek feminist and a Communist fighter in the Greek Civil War at the end of the Second World War .
Alfred Uhl ( June 5 , 1909 in Vienna -- June 8 , 1992 in Vienna ) was an Austrian composer , violist , music teacher and conductor .
Wilhelm Alzinger ( August 11 , 1928 in Vienna -- January 2 , 1998 in Vienna ) was an Austrian archaeologist .
Barbara of Brandenburg - Ansbach - Kulmbach ( 24 September 1495 in Ansbach -- 23 September 1552 in Karlovy Vary ) was a princess of Brandenburg - Ansbach by birth and marriage Landgravine of Leuchtenberg .
Patricia Tobacco Forrester ( September 17 , 1940 Northampton , Massachusetts -- March 16 , 2011 Washington , D.C. ) was an American watercolorist .
Reiner Geye ( born 22 November 1949 in Duisburg ; died 8 August 2002 in Mainz ) was a German football player .
Luciano Nezzo ( Badia Polesine , September , 1856 -- Urbino , 1903 ) was an Italian painter , painting both history and genre subjects .
Simon E. Jacobsohn ( born December 24 , 1839 in Mitau , Kurland , Russian Empire ; died October 3 , 1902 in Chicago , Illinois , USA ) was a Russian - American violinist .
Willem van Haren died in Sint - Oedenrode .
Ivan Hryhorovych - Barskyi or Ivan Grigorovich - Barsky ( Ukrainian : Іван Григорович Григорович-Барський ) ( born 1713 - died 1785 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian architect who worked in the Late Cossack Baroque style .
Admiral Frank Jack Fletcher died on April 25 , 1973 , four days before his 88th birthday at the Bethesda Naval Hospital in Bethesda , Maryland .
Eugenia Umińska ( 4 October 1910 , Warsaw -- 20 November 1980 , Kraków ) was a Polish violinist .
Giuliana Camerino ( née Coen ; December 8 , 1920 -- May 10 , 2010 ) was an Italian fashion designer who founded the Roberta di Camerino fashion house in Venice , the only major Italian fashion brand to be based in the historic seafaring and trading city .
Alfred Malherbe ( 14 July 1804 -- 14 August 1865 ) was a French magistrate and amateur naturalist born in Mauritius to family originally from Metz .
Arcadius Kahan ( January 16 , 1920 -- 1982 ) was a noted 20th - century economic historian and Professor at the University of Chicago .
Hulda Garborg also participated in politics , and represented the Liberal Left Party in Asker municipal council .
Count Agenor Romuald Gołuchowski ( 8 February 1812 , Skala - Podilska , Galicia - 3 August 1875 , Lviv , Galicia ) was a Polish - Austrian conservative politician , member of parliament of Austria , Minister of Interior and governor of Galicia , and father of Agenor Maria Gołuchowski and Adam Gołuchowski .
Saint Alfanus I or Alfano I ( died 1085 ) was the Archbishop of Salerno from 1058 to his death .
Philip Christoph von Königsmarck or Philipp Christoph Königsmarck , ( Stade , 4 March 1665 -- 2 July 1694 , Hanover ) was a Swedish count of Brandenburgian extraction and a soldier .
Lucida Mansi ( Lucca , c. 1606 -- Lucca , c. February 12 , 1649 ) was an Italian noblewoman , and the subject of a legend in the province of Lucca , Italy .
Michael Henry Heim ( January 21 , 1943 -- September 29 , 2012 ) was a Professor of Slavic Languages at the University of California at Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
John Samuel Sherburne ( 1757 -- August 2 , 1830 ) was a lawyer , politician , and United States federal judge from Portsmouth , New Hampshire .
Godfried van Mierlo , O.P. ( February 2 , 1518 , Helmond -- July 28 , 1587 , Deventer ) , was a Dominican friar who served as the Bishop of Haarlem and the last direct Abbot of Egmond Abbey from 1570 to 1578 .
Luigi Barzini , Jr. ( Milan , December 21 , 1908 -- Rome , March 30 , 1984 ) was an Italian journalist , writer and politician most famous for his 1964 book The Italians , delving deeply into the Italian national character and introducing many Anglo - Saxon readers to Italian life and culture .
Günther XLI , Count of Schwarzburg - Arnstadt , nicknamed `` the Quarrelsome '' or Bellicosus , ( 25 September 1529 in Sondershausen -- 23 May 1583 in Antwerp ) was the ruling count of Schwarzburg from 1552 to 1571 and then Count of Schwarzburg - Arnstadt until his death .
Victor Zarnowitz ( born 1919 in Oświęcim Poland , d. 21 February 2009 in New York City ) was a leading scholar on business cycles , indicators , and forecast evaluation .
According to the chapter on Artaxerxes II in Plutarch 's Life , a young Persian soldier named Mithridates unknowingly struck Cyrus the Younger during the Battle of Cunaxa ( Greek : Κούναξα ) , making him fall from his horse , dazed .
Étienne Bézout ( French : ( bezu ) ; 31 March 1730 -- 27 September 1783 ) was a French mathematician who was born in Nemours , Seine - et - Marne , France , and died in Avon ( near Fontainebleau ) , France .
Olaf Broch ( 4 August 1867 , Horten -- 28 January 1961 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian linguist .
Norman Cohen ( 11 June 1936 , Dublin -- 26 October 1983 , Van Nuys , California ) was an Irish film director and producer , best known for directing two feature films based on television comedy programmes , Till Death Us Do Part ( 1969 ) and Dad 's Army ( 1971 ) .
Louis Dejean ( June 9 , 1872 in Paris -- January 6 , 1953 in Paris ) , was a French sculptor and engraver .
Walter Scheler ( born Sonneberg 18 April 1923 : died Jena 19 August 2008 ) was , by the time he retired , an East German clerical worker .
Pieter Hofman ( 1640 , Antwerp -- 1692 , Rome ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Jaan Arder ( born February 26 , 1952 , Tallinn -- July 24 , 2014 ) was an Estonian singer .
Bolesław Domański ( * 1872 in Przytarnia ( Wildau ) , near Konitz , West Prussia - † 1939 , Berlin , Germany ) was a famous Polish Catholic priest , chief of the Union of Poles in Germany .
Grace Benham ( 25 June 1876 , Kansas -- 19 November 1968 , Pasadena , California ) was an American silent film actress .
After graduating , Joost Berman worked as an attorney in Zierikzee .
Brunolf Baade was born and grew up on the southern edge of Rixdorf ( today Neukölln ) , a densely populated district then just outside the northern perimeter of Berlin .
Friedrich Wilhelm Schulz ( often known as Wilhelm Schulz or after his second marriage Wilhelm Schulz - Bodmer ; 13 March 1797 in Darmstadt -- 9 January 1860 in Hottingen ( Zurich ) ) was a German officer and radical - democratic publisher in Hesse .
Petr Wolfgang Wygodzinsky ( 5 October 1916 , in Bonn - 27 January 1987 , in Middletown , New York ) was a German entomologist who worked in Argentina , Brazil , and the United States .
Prince Johann Ferdinand of Auersperg ( 29 September 1655 in Vienna -- 6 August 1705 in Ziębice in Silesia ) was the second Prince of Auersperg and was Duke of Silesia - Münsterberg from 1677 until his death .
Giuseppe Bernardino Bison ( 16 June 1762 , Palmanova - 24 August 1844 , Milan ) was an itinerant Italian painter of frescoes , landscapes , vedute , capriccios and some religious works .
Anders Fredrik Skjöldebrand ( 14 July 1757 in Algiers -- 23 August 1834 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish count , lord of the realm , general , statesman and minister from the Skjöldebrand dynasty .
James Ricalton ( born about 1844 , in Half Way , near Waddington , New York - died in Waddington October 28 , 1929 ) was a school teacher , traveler , inventor , and photographer .
Johann Liss ( also called Jan Lys ) ( c. 1590 or 1597 - 1629 or 1630 ) was a leading German Baroque painter of the 17th century , active mainly in Venice .
Salomon August Andrée ( 18 October 1854 , Gränna , Småland -- October 1897 , Kvitøya , Arctic Norway ) , during his lifetime most often known as S. A. Andrée , was a Swedish engineer , physicist , aeronaut and polar explorer who died while leading an attempt to reach the Geographic North Pole by hydrogen balloon .
Josef Proksch or Joseph Proksch ( 4 August 1794 , Liberec -- 20 December 1864 , Prague ) was a Czech pianist and composer of German descent .
Gunnar Helén , ( 5 June 1918 Vingåker -- 8 December 2002 Nacka ) was a Swedish liberal politician .
Isadore Blumenfeld ( September 8 , 1900 -- June 21 , 1981 ) , commonly known as Kid Cann , was a Jewish - American organized crime figure based in Minneapolis , Minnesota , for over four decades and remains the most notorious mobster in the history of Minnesota .
Alexandros Panagoulis was born in the Glyfada neighbourhood of Athens .
Augusto Sezanne ( Bologna , 1836 - Venice , 1935 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Realist style of landscape painting .
Abraham Davel , after studying in Lausanne , became a notary and land commissioner .
Sava Sekulić(Serbian Cyrillic : Сава Секулић ; born by Obrovac , Croatia , May 11 , 1902-Belgrade , January 26 , 1989 ) was a Serbo - Croatian Naïve painter .
Jacob Spon ( or Jacques ; in English dictionaries given as James ) ( Lyons 1647 -- Vevey , Switzerland , 25 December 1685 ) , a French doctor and archaeologist , was a pioneer in the exploration of the monuments of Greece and a scholar of international reputation in the developing `` Republic of Letters '' .
Zenobio Lorenzo Guilland was the Archbishop of Paraná , Argentina .
Nilakanta Sri Ram or Nilakantha Sri Ram ( N. Sri Ram ) ( * 15 December 1889 in Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , India ; died 8 April 1973 in Adyar , India ) was a freemason , theosophist and president of the Theosophical Society Adyar during twenty years .
Enrico Pazzi ( June 20 , 1818 - 1899 ) was an Italian sculptor , mainly active in Florence , Italy .
Amina Rizk ( Arabic : أمينة رزق‎ ; April 15 , 1910 in Tanta - August 24 , 2003 in Cairo ) was a classic Egyptian actress who appeared in around 208 art work including over than 70 movies between 1928 and 1996 .
Peter Krieg , born as Wilhelm Walter Gladitz ( August 27 , 1947 in Schwäbisch Gmünd , West Germany -- July 22 , 2009 in Berlin , Germany ) was a documentary filmmaker , producer and writer .
Martin Abraham , better known as Chink Martin ( June 10 , 1886 , New Orleans - January 7 , 1981 , New Orleans ) was an American jazz tubist .
Cochin was born in Paris , the son of Charles - Nicolas Cochin the Elder ( 1688 - -1754 ) , under whom he studied engraving .
Simon Simonian ( Armenian : Սիմոն Սիմոնեան , March 11 ( 24 ) , 1914 , Ayntab - March 11 , 1986 , Beirut ) was an Armenian intellectual who founded the literary and social Armenian periodical Spurk ( Սփիւռք in Armenian ) .
Lars Stigzelius ( October 27 , 1598 -- August 31 , 1676 ) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden from 1670 to his death .
Óscar Diego Gestido Pose ( Montevideo , Uruguay 28 November 1901 -- Montevideo , December 6 , 1967 ) was president of Uruguay in 1967 .
Mauro Gandolfi ( Bologna , 18 September 1764 -- Bologna , 4 January 1834 ) , was an Italian painter and engraver of the Bolognese School .
Jean - Baptiste Languet de Gergy ( 1674 - -1750 ) was parish priest at Eglise Saint - Sulpice in Paris from 1714 to 1748 .
Milan Vasić ( 19 December 1928 , Donja Pecka , Mrkonjić Grad , Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes -- 26 December 2003 , Banja Luka , Republic of Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) was a historian , member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska since 1997 and its president in 2003 .
Danuta Siedzikówna ( nom de guerre : Inka ; underground name : Danuta Obuchowicz ; born 3 September 1928 , Guszczewina -- died 28 August 1946 , Gdańsk ) was a medical orderly in the 4th Squadron ( created in the Białystok area ) of the 5th Wilno Brigade of the Polish Home Army .
Paul Splingaerd ( Brussels , 1842 - Xi'an , China , 1906 ) was the Belgian foundling who became an official or mandarin ( bureaucrat ) in the late Qing government .
Wolfgang I of Oettingen ( 16 May 1455 -- 29 January 1522 , Harburg ) was a Count of Oettingen - Oettingen .
Charlton Bath Forgotston , Jr. , known as C. B. Forgotston ( January 19 , 1945 -- January 3 , 2016 ) , was an American attorney , political pundit and state government watchdog from Hammond in southeastern Louisiana .
Francesco Cilea ( also Cilèa ; Palmi , 23 July 1866 -- Varazze , 20 November 1950 ) was an Italian composer .
Richard Döcker ( 13 June 1894 , Weilheim an der Teck - 9 November 1968 , Stuttgart ) was a German architect and professor associated with the functionalist style in architecture .
Count Fidél Pálffy de Erdőd ( 6 May 1895 , Szentgyörgy / Svätý Jur -- 2 March 1946 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian nobleman who emerged as a leading supporter of Nazism in Hungary .
Rodolfo Volk ( Sometimes italianized in Rodolfo Folchi ) ( born 14 January 1906 in Fiume -- died 2 October 1983 in Nemi ) was an Italian footballer .
Jules Gouffé ( Paris 1807 -- Neuilly - sur - Seine 1877 ) was a renowned French chef and pâtissier .
János Gyarmati ( born 8 February 1910 in Tapioszele , died 29 August 1974 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian footballer and coach .
Hermína Týrlová ( 11 December 1900 , in Březové Hory -- 3 May 1993 , in Zlín ) was a prominent Czech screen writer , animator , and film director .
Johan Rudolf Bonnet ( 30 March 1895 , Amsterdam - 18 April 1978 , Laren ) was a Dutch artist who lived much of his life in the town of Ubud on Bali , Indonesia .
Jan Mandijn or Jan Mandyn ( c.1500 , Haarlem --c.1560 , Antwerp ) was a Dutch Renaissance painter , who worked in Antwerp after 1530 .
Emmanuel Nunes ( 31 August 1941 -- 2 September 2012 ) was a Portuguese composer who lived and worked in Paris from 1964 .
Obersturmbannführer Bruno Müller or Brunon Müller - Altenau ( Strasbourg , September 13 , 1905 -- March 1 , 1960 , Oldenburg ) served as Senior Storm Unit Leader during the Nazi German invasion of Poland .
Francis Thibaudeau ( 1860 , Cholet , France - 1925 , Paris ) is a French typographer and creator of the first well - established system for classifying typefaces , the Thibaudeau classification .
Charles Maurin died on 22 July 1914 in Grasse ( Provence , Aquitaine ) .
Marie Trintignant died aged 41 of a cerebral edema on 1 August 2003 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , France , as a result of being repeatedly punched by her boyfriend Bertrand Cantat , lead singer with the French rock group Noir Désir .
Darioush Rezaeinejad ( Persian : داریوش رضایی‌نژاد‎‎ ; c. 1976 ( Abdanan ) -- 23 July 2011(Tehran ) ; also Dariush Rezaei - Nejad ) was an Iranian engineering student who was assassinated in east Tehran by gunmen in July 2011 .
On 8 November 1943 , Wilhelm Schmitter was declared missing in action after failing to return from a mission over London .
Barbatana died on 29 June 2011 , in Belo Horizonte , aged 82 , victim of Alzheimer 's disease .
Pietro Grocco ( 27 June 1856 , Albonese - 12 February 1916 , Courmayeur ) was an Italian physician .
Joaquín Francisco Pacheco y Gutiérrez - Calderón ( Écija , 22 February 1808 -- Madrid , 8 October 1865 ) was a Spanish politician and writer who served as Prime Minister of Spain in 1847 and held other important offices such as Minister of State .
Princess Hermine of Anhalt - Bernburg - Schaumburg - Hoym ( German : Prinzessin Hermine Amalie Marie von Anhalt - Bernburg - Schaumburg - Hoym ; 2 December 1797 in Hoym , Germany -- 14 September 1817 in Budapest , Hungary ) was by birth a princess of the House of Ascania and by marriage an Archduchess of Austria .
Ferdinando Tacca ( 1619 - -1686 ) was an Italian sculptor and architect , active during the Baroque period in Florence .
Randall Holden ( c. 1612 - -1692 ) was an early inhabitant of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , was one of the original founders of Portsmouth , and one of the co - founders of the town of Warwick .
Domenico Libri ( Reggio Calabria , May 24 , 1934 -- Naples , May 1 , 2006 ) , also known as Don Mico , was an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta in Calabria .
Eva Kristine Vetulani - Belfoure died on 25 March 2004 of heart failure at Northwest Hospital Center in Randallstown , Baltimore .
Felix Petyrek ( Brno , 14 May 1892 - -Vienna , 1 December 1951 ) was an Austrian composer .
Alessandra Melucco Vaccaro ( 4 April 1940 , Rome - 29 August 2000 , Rome ) was an Italian historian and archaeologist .
Elisabeth von Adlerflycht studied in Frankfurt under Johann Daniel Bager ( 1754 - -1815 ) , who painted still lifes and portraits .
Ernst van Aaken ( born 16 May 1910 , Emmerich -- died 2 April 1984 , Schwalmtal - Waldniel ) was a German sports physician and athletics trainer .
José Enrique Moyal ( Hebrew : יוסף הנרי מויאל‎ ; born 1 October 1910 Jerusalem , Ottoman Empire -- died 22 May 1998 Canberra , Australia ) was a mathematical physicist who contributed to aeronautical engineering , electrical engineering and statistics , among other fields .
Eduardo Westerdahl ( Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , 1902 - ibidem , 1983 ) was a Spanish painter , art critic and writer , and a member of the Surrealist Movement .
In 1933 Guros moved to Yerevan and started to work at a Scientific - research institute as a photographer .
Friedrich Wilhelm Quirin von Forcade de Biaix ( * 10 February 1698 , Berlin ; † 23 March 1765 , Berlin ) was a Royal Prussian Lieutenant General , the eldest son of another Royal Prussian Lieutenant General , who was an early Huguenot immigrant to Brandenburg - Prussia and a descendent of the noble family of Forcade .
The Servant of God Franz Stock ( 21 September 1904 , Neheim -- 24 February 1948 , Paris ) was a German Roman Catholic priest .
Solon Spencer Beman ( October 1 , 1853 -- April 23 , 1914 ) was an American architect based in Chicago , Illinois and best known as the architect of the planned Pullman community and adjacent Pullman Company factory complex .
Ludwig Adolph Timotheus Radlkofer ( 19 December 1829 , Munich -- 16 February 1927 , Munich ) , was a Bavarian taxonomist and botanist .
Cora Sandel ( 20 December 1880 , Oslo -- 3 April 1974 , Uppsala ) was the pen name of Sara Cecilia Görvell Fabricius , a Norwegian writer and painter who lived most of her adult life abroad .
Humbertus Guilielmus de Precipiano ( 12 September 1627 in Rougemont , France -- 9 June 1711 in Mechelen ) was Archbishop of Mechelen in Belgium .
Mikhail Kaufman also directed two films : `` Moscow '' ( 1927 ) and `` In Spring '' ( 1929 ) .
Blessed Stephen Bellesini was a friar in the Order of the Hermits of St Augustine ( OSA ) , who was born in Trent , Italy , on November 25 , 1774 , and died in Genazzano , Italy , on February 2 , 1840 .
Leo de Berardinis ( 3 January 1940 in Gioi -- 18 September 2008 in Rome ) was an Italian stage actor and theatre director .
Diego Valentín Díaz , a Spanish historical painter , and a familiar of the Holy Office , was a native of Valladolid .
Mariano Egaña Fabres ( Santiago , 1793 -- Santiago , 1846 ) was a Chilean lawyer , conservative politician and the main writer of the Chilean Constitution of 1833 .
Eugen Steimle ( 8 December 1909 in Neubulach -- 9 October 1987 in Wilhelmsdorf , Baden - Württemberg ) was a German SS - Standartenführer in the Sicherheitsdienst ( SD ) .
Julie Wilhelmine Hagen - Schwarz ( 27 October 1824 , Prangli , Estonia - 20 October 1902 , Tartu ) was a Baltic German painter , primarily of portraits .
Louis Marx died at the hospital in White Plains , New York , at age 85 .
Leconte de Lisle died at Voisins in the township of Louveciennes , to the west of Paris , on July 17 , 1894 .
François Bonivard ( or Bonnivard ; 1493 - -1570 ) was a Geneva patriot , ecclesiastic and historian whose life was the inspiration for Lord Byron 's 1816 poem The Prisoner of Chillon .
Hermann Sehrig ( born 1892 in Karlsruhe ; 1963 in Neuss ) German Sculptor and Painter .
Chapman Biddle ( January 22 , 1822 -- December 29 , 1880 ) was a member of the prominent Biddle family of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , who rose to fame as an officer in the Union Army in the American Civil War .
In the 1950s , Master Yin Shun observed that the Buddhist monks and nuns in Taiwan , just like those in his hometown , seemed to be only concerned about performing rituals , and not educating other monks , nuns or laypeople with the Buddha 's philosophy .
Eloy Gutiérrez Menoyo ( December 8 , 1934 ; Madrid -- October 26 , 2012 ; Havana ) led the guerilla force Second National Front of the Escambray Mountains during the Cuban Revolution against Fulgencio Batista and later opposed the government of Fidel Castro over its pro - Soviet leanings .
John Wereat died at his Bryan County , Georgia plantation on January 25 , 1799 .
Frederick Denkmann ( April 8 , 1822 - -March 2 , 1905 ) was an American lumber baron based in Rock Island , Illinois .
Heinz Paul Adolff was mortally wounded trying to destroy the Primasole Bridge over the River Simeto on 17 July 1943 during the Allied invasion of Sicily .
Jacques Antoine was born 14 March 1924 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , a suburb to the west of Paris , France .
Antonio Francesco Vezzosi ( born at Arezzo , Italy , 4 October 1708 ; died in Rome , 29 May 1783 ) was an Italian Theatine and biographical writer .
Girolamo da Santacroce ( c. 1480/85 -- c. 1556 ) was a 16th - century Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Venice and the Venetian mainland .
Ettore Sordini ( Milan , 24 August 1934 - Fossombrone , 27 October 2012 ) was an Italian artist , a disciple of Lucio Fontana , a friend and collaborator of Piero Manzoni and a member of the Gruppo del Cenobio .
Friedrich Blume ( 5 January 1893 , in Schlüchtern , Hesse - Nassau -- 22 November 1975 , in Schlüchtern ) was professor of Musicology in Kiel University from 1938 - 1958 .
Mac Dre and members of Thizz were scheduled to do a show in Kansas City on October 31 , 2004 .
Elisa Godínez Gómez de Batista ( 2 December 1900 in Vereda Nueva , Havana Province , Cuba -- 7 December 1993 in West Palm Beach , Florida USA ) was the First Lady of Cuba from 1940 to 1944 .
Oloff Johannes Truter ( Cape Town , 7 August 1829 -- Koblenz , Germany , 29 August 1881 ) was a South African civil servant in the Orange Free State , miner , Landdrost and Acting Government Secretary .
Gustav Solomon Oppert , brother of Julius Oppert , German Indologist and Sanskritist , born 30 July 1836 in Hamburg , died in 1908 in Berlin .
Archduchess Hermine of Austria ( Hermine Amalie Marie , 14 September 1817 in Buda , Hungary -- 13 February 1842 in Vienna , Austria ) was a member of the House of Habsburg - Lorraine .
Francesco Bagnara ( 1784 , Vicenza - 21 October 1866 , Venice ) was an Italian scenographer , decorator and landscape architect .
Domenico Capello ( born in 1888 in Turin ; died in 1950 in Turin ) was an Italian professional football player .
Simon Agopyan was born in Samatya , a district in Constantinople in 1857 .
Friedrich Johannes Jacob Celestin von Schwarzenberg , sometimes Friedrich Johann Joseph Cölestin zu Schwarzenberg or in Czech Bedřich Schwarzenberg(April 6 , 1809 , Vienna , Austria -- March 27 , 1885 , Vienna , Austria ) was a Catholic Cardinal of the nineteenth century in Austria and the Kingdom of Bohemia .
Friedrich Albin Hoffmann ( 13 November 1843 , Ruhrort -- 13 November 1924 , Leipzig ) was a German internist .
Giuliano Preparata ( b. 1942 , in Padua , Italy ; d. 2000 , in Frascati , Italy ) was an Italian physicist .
The street Ferdinand Bolstraat in Amsterdam was named after Bol , just as the FEBO , which is a chain of Dutch walk - up restaurants .
Willem Breuker ( 4 November 1944 , Amsterdam -- 23 July 2010 Amsterdam ) was a Dutch jazz bandleader , composer , arranger , saxophonist , and ( bass ) clarinetist .
Heinrich Bernhard Oppenheim ( July 20 , 1819 in Frankfurt -- March 29 , 1880 in Berlin ) was a German publicist and philosopher concerned with the ideas of liberalism , free trade and international law .
Tikkana was born in Nellore during the Shiva Kavi period ( see Shivakavi Trayamu , the Trinity of Shaivite Poets ) , when the new religions Shaivism and Vaishnavism were spreading in Andhra , resulting in conflict between these two groups as well as between the two established religious groups , Buddhism and Jainism .
Tadeusz Wojciechowski ( 1838 - -1919 ) was a Polish historian , professor , and rector of the University of Lwów ( now Lviv , Ukraine ; then in the Austro - Hungary ) .
Paul Sidney Martin ( born November 22 , 1898 in Chicago - died January 20 , 1974 ) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist .
Luigi di Canossa SJ ( April 20 , 1809 -- March 12 , 1900 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Verona from 1861 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1877 .
Elbridge Boyden ( 1810 - -1898 ) was a prominent 19th - century American architect from Worcester , Massachusetts who designed numerous civil and public buildings throughout New England and other parts of the United States .
Massimiliano Chiamenti ( Florence , 1967 - Bologna , 2011 ) was an Italian poet and philologist .
Johann Nepomuk Schaller ( 30 March 1777 , Vienna - 16 February 1842 , Vienna ) was an Austrian sculptor .
Pier Maria Pennacchi ( 1464 - -before 1515 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter primarily active in Treviso .
Rudolf Löwenstein ( February 20 , 1819 , Breslau -- January 6 , 1891 , Berlin ) was a German author .
Augusto Weberbauer ( birth name `` August '' -- Breslau , 20 November 1871 -- died in Lima , 1948 ) was a German naturalist , botanist and university professor .
Josef Roman Lorenz , later ennobled as Josef Roman Lorenz Ritter von Liburnau ( 26 November 1825 , Linz - 13 November 1911 , Vienna ) was an Austrian naturalist .
Aleksei Fyodorovich Goncharov ( Russian : Алексей Фёдорович Гончаров ; 16 January 1879 , Moscow -- 23 April 1913 , Moscow ) was a Russian chess master .
Robert Teichmüller ( May 4 , 1863 in Braunschweig -- May 6 , 1939 in Leipzig ) was a German concert pianist and music educator .
Giuseppe Giovanni Battista Guarneri , better known as Giuseppe filius Andrea Guarneri ( 25 November 1666 -- 1739 or 1740 ) was a violin maker from the prominent Guarneri family of luthiers who lived in Cremona , Italy .
Viktor Dyk died of heart failure on 14 May 1931 while swimming in the sea near the island of Lopud , near Dubrovnik in Croatia .
Ronald Shannon Jackson ( January 12 , 1940 -- October 19 , 2013 ) was an American jazz drummer and composer from Fort Worth , Texas .
Shlomo Levi ( Hebrew : שלמה לוי‎ ) was a Israeli footballer , who played for Maccabi Haifa , Hapoel Haifa and Hapoel Ramat Gan , among others , and for Israel
Victor Wouk , the brother of writer Herman Wouk , was born in New York City in 1919 .
Heinrich Mann died in Santa Monica , California , lonely and without much money , just months before he was to move to East Berlin to become president of the German Academy of Arts .
August Ritter von Kral ( June 20 , 1869 in Braunau , Bohemia - 12 June 1953 in Vienna , Austria ) was an Austrian diplomat .
Maxine Albro ( January 20 , 1903 Ayrshire , Iowa -- July 19 , 1966 Los Angeles ) was an American painter , muralist , lithographer , mosaic artist , and sculptor .
Friedrich Eduard König ( November 15 , 1846 -- February 10 , 1936 , Bonn ) was a German Lutheran divine and Semitic scholar .
Cristóbal Vaca de Castro ( c. 1492 , Izagre , León , Spain--1566 , Valladolid , Spain ) was a Spanish colonial administrator in Peru .
Juan Blanco ( June 29 , 1919 in Mariel , Cuba -- November 5 , 2008 in Havana ) was the first Cuban composer to utilize electroacoustics , spatial music and multimedia .
Béla Linder ( Majs , 10 February 1876 -- Belgrade , 15 April 1962 ) , Hungarian colonel of artillery , Secretary of War of Mihály Károlyi government , minister without portfolio of Dénes Berinkey government , military attaché of Hungarian Soviet Republic based in Vienna , finally the mayor of Pécs during the period of Serb occupation .
Irène Zilahy was born in Kaposvár , Hungary and died at the age of 39 in Budapest .
Casimir Maistre ( 24 September 1867 , in Villeneuvette ( Hérault ) -- 20 September 1957 , in Montpellier ) was a French explorer and geographer .
Wojciech Chrzanowski ( 14 January 1793 - - 26 February 1861 ) was a Polish general who participated in Napoleon 's Russian campaign and in the battles of Leipzig , Paris , and Waterloo .
Kimmo Nevonmaa ( May 10 , 1960 , Savonlinna -- September 18 , 1996 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish composer of contemporary music .
Francesco de Sanctis ( Morra Irpina , 28 March 1817 ‒ Naples , 29 December 1883 ) was a leading Italian literary critic and scholar of Italian language and literature during the 19th century .
On January 24 , 2011 , at the age of 86 , Samuel Ruiz García died at Hospital Ángeles del Pedregal in Mexico City , the causes of which was determined to be respiratory failure and other complications , including high blood pressure and diabetes .
Bruce MacCombie ( born 1943 in Providence , Rhode Island died May 2 , 2012 in Amherst , Massachusetts ) was an American composer .
Sarah Cowell Le Moyne was an American stage actress in New York City , famous for her readings of Robert Browning 's poetry , and her work with the Henry Street Settlement and Playhouse .
Klaas Bolt ( March 6 , 1927 in Appingedam -- April 11 , 1990 in Haarlem ) was a Dutch organist and improviser .
François Vachon de Belmont ( 3 April 1645 -- 22 May 1732 ) was the fifth superior of the Montreal Sulpicians from 1700 to 1731 .
Giovanni Lugari was born in Rome , and there studied at the Royal University and Pontifical Gregorian University .
Ralph Walter Graystone Wyckoff , Sr . ( born August 9 , 1897 in Geneva , New York ; died November 3 , 1994 in Tucson , Arizona ) was an American scientist and pioneer of X - ray crystallography .
Didier Daurat ( 2 January 1891 at Montreuil - sous - Bois - 2 December 1969 at Toulouse ) was a pioneer of French aviation .
George of Syracuse ( born George Tarassov , April 14 , 1893 in Voronezh , Russia -- March 22 , 1981 in Paris , France ) was an Eastern Orthodox archbishop of the Ecumenical Patriarchate who led the Patriarchal Exarchate for Orthodox Parishes of Russian Tradition in Western Europe from 1960 to 1981 .
Karl Zuegg ( 28 February 1914 -- 26 December 2005 ) was an Italian entrepreneur from Lana in South Tyrol .
Lorenz Müller ( 18 February 1868 in Mainz -- 1 February 1953 in Munich ) was a German herpetologist .
Johannes Minckwitz ( April 11 , 1843 , Leipzig -- May 20 , 1901 , Biebrich ) was a German chess player and author .
Johann Georg Meyer von Bremen ( 28 October 1813 Bremen , Germany -- 4 December 1886 Berlin ) , commonly known as Meyer von Bremen , was a German painter who specialized in Biblical , peasant , and family scenes .
Arturo Ardao ( Minas , Lavalleja Department , 27 September 1912 -- Montevideo , 22 September 2003 ) was a Uruguayan philosopher and historian of ideas .
Tupãzinho , real name José Ernâni da Rosa ( Bagé , October 17 , 1939 -- São Paulo , February 28 , 1986 ) , was a Brazilian football player at the position of striker .
Grethe Sønck died on 12 February 2010 of natural causes , aged 80 , at her home in Rågeleje .
Ernest Dade , later known as Ernst Dade ( born Kensington , England , 1868 ; died London , 3 November 1935 ) was an English painter , specialising in coastal and maritime subjects , and maker of model ships .
Afterwards , on June 11 , 1848 , when the Wallachian revolution started in Bucharest , Nicolae Golescu was a Minister of Internal Affairs for the Provisional Government .
Paul Wynand ( January 30 , 1879 - March 2 , 1956 , Berlin ) was a German sculptor , medalist , and professor , active in the National Socialist era .
Judas Cyriacus ( Cyriacus of Ancona , Cyriacus of Jerusalem , Quiriacus , Quiricus , Kyriakos ) ( Spanish : Quirico , Italian : Ciriaco ) ( d. ca . AD 360 ) is the patron saint of Ancona , Italy .
Varadarajan Mudaliar fled from Mumbai to Chennai .
Barry Wong ( 20 November 1946 -- 16 October 1991 ) , also known as Wong Ping - Yiu ( 黃炳耀 ) , was a Hong Kong screenwriter , film producer and actor .
Born at Honfleur , Calvados , the young André Marie studied at primary and secondary level there , going on to the Lycée Pierre Corneille , when his parents moved to Rouen in 1908 .
Herbert Scurla ( 21 April 1905 , Großräschen - 7 April 1981 , Kolkwitz ) was a German author and academic .
Originating in the diocese of Cambrai in Hainaut , then part of the territories ruled by the Dukes of Burgundy , Josse Lieferinxe was documented as a `` Picard '' in the regions of Avignon and Marseille at the end of the fifteenth and in the early sixteenth centuries .
Eugène Lemaire ( Vieux - Molhain , 1874 - Charleroi , 1948 ) was a Belgian pictorialist photographer .
Emmanouil Benakis ( Greek : Εμμανουήλ Μπενάκης ; 1843 in Ermoupoli , Syros -- June 20 , 1929 in Kifisia ) was a Greek merchant and politician , considered a national benefactor of Greece .
Sid Patterson ( 14 August 1927 -- 29 November 1999 ) was a world champion amateur and professional track cyclist from Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Jakob Schlesinger , also Johann Jakob Schlesinger ( born January 13 , 1792 , in Worms ; died May 12 , 1855 , in Berlin ) was a German painter and restorer .
Francesco Giuseppe Casanova ( 1 June 1727 , London - 8 July 1803 , near Mödling ) was a painter of Italian parentage who specialized in battle scenes .
Bernard Kangro ( * 18 . September 1910 in village Oe , Võru County , Estonia ; died March 25 1994 in Lund , Sweden ) was an Estonian writer and poet .
Mario Tobino ( 16 January 1910 , Viareggio , Province of Lucca , Tuscany -- 11 December 1991 , Agrigento ) was an Italian poet , writer and psychiatrist .
Francesco di Simone da Santacroce or Santa Croce ( born in Santa Croce , frazione of San Pellegrino Terme , near Bergamo circa 1470 - 1475 and died Venice , 1508 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in a Renaissance style .
Cochise County , Arizona is named after him .
Borislav Milošević ( 8 July 1934 , Nikšić , Zeta Banate , Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- 29 January 2013 , Belgrade , Serbia ) was a Montenegrin diplomat who last served as Yugoslav ambassador to Algeria , Japan and Russia , He was the elder brother of former Yugoslav and Serbian president Slobodan Milošević .
Rainer Zepperitz ( August 25 , 1930 in Bandung ( Java ) - December 23 , 2009 in Berlin ) was a German double bassist .
Philippe Danfrie the elder ( about 1532 in Cornouaille in Brittany - 1606 in Paris ) , was a designer and maker of mathematical instruments in metal and paper , as well as a type - cutter , engraver , minter of coins and medals , publisher and author .
Baron Louis Alméras ( 15 March 1768 in Vienne , Isère -- 7 January 1828 in Bordeaux ) was a French general of the humblest origin .
Max Graf ( 1 October 1873 -- 24 June 1958 ) was an Austrian music critic , born in Vienna .
In Belgrade there is a monument to Vasa Čarapić at the spot where he was killed in front of the National Theatre , and nearby is the street ( Улица Васе Чарапића ) that was named after him .
Don Piero Folli ( 18 September 1881 in Premeno -- 8 March 1948 in Voldomino , Luino ) was an Italian antifascist parish priest .
Sébastien Faure ( born January 6 , 1858 in Saint - Étienne , Loire , France ; died July 14 , 1942 in Royan , Charente - Maritime , France ) was a French anarchist , freethought and secularist activist and a principal proponent of synthesis anarchism .
Česlovas Sasnauskas ( Ceslaus Sosnowski , Czesław Sosnowski ) ( 19 June 1867 , Kapčiamiestis -- 18 January 1916 , Saint Petersburg ) was a Lithuanian composer .
Calcedonio Reina ( Catania , Sicily February 4 , 1842 -- Catania , November 10 , 1911 ) was an Italian painter and poet .
Bessilyn Johnson ( January 14 , 1871 -- April 22 , 1943 ) , known also as `` Bessie '' or `` Mabel '' , was the wife of the Chicago millionaire Albert Johnson , a man who was variously the partner , friend and dupe of the famed American Old West figure Death Valley Scotty .
José Cláudio dos Reis ( March 19 , 1939 in São Paulo , Brazil -- December 29 , 1999 in São Paulo , Brazil ) was a Brazilian sports administrator .
Róża Etkin ( 1908 in Warsaw -- January 16 , 1945 in Warsaw ) , known after marriage as Róża Etkin - Moszkowska , was a Polish pianist .
Tranquillo Zerbi left behind him a widow and three small children , and is buried on the cemetery at Pecetto Torinese , a quarter on the south side of Turin .
Alberto Gainza Paz , born in Buenos Aires , was the eldest of four children born to Alberto Gainza Lynch and Zelmira Rosa Paz Díaz ( daughter of José Clemente Paz , the founder of La Prensa ) .
Giustiniana Wynne ( later Countess Rosenberg - Orsini ; Venice , 21 January 1737 -- Padua , 22 August 1791 ) was an Anglo - Venetian author .
Fra Antonio da Negroponte was an Italian painter of the early - Renaissance period , active mainly in Padua and Venice .
Yauhen Shatokhin ( Belarusian : Яўген Шатохін , French transliteration : Iaouguene Chatokhine ; February 25 , 1947 in Pinsk -- January 22 , 2012 in Pinsk ) was a Belarusian painter and political activist .
Virginio Colombo ( 1885 - -1927 ) was a prolific Italian architect later active in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Gaspar Roomer ( Antwerp , between 1596 en 1606 - Naples , 3 April 1674 ) was a prominent Flemish merchant , banker , art patron and art collector who was active in Naples in the 17th century .
Enrique Tierno Galván ( Madrid , 8 February 1918 -- Madrid , 19 January 1986 ) was a Spanish politician , professor , lawyer and essayist , best known for being the Mayor of Madrid from 1979 to 1986 , at the beginning of the new period of Spanish democracy .
Herodes Atticus was born in Marathon , Greece and spent his childhood years between Greece and Italy .
Giovanni Antonio Lappoli ( 1492 - -1552 ) was a Tuscan painter from Arezzo who painted in a Mannerist style .
William Pitt Lynde ( December 16 , 1817 -- December 18 , 1885 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Wisconsin who served in the United States House of Representatives and as Mayor of Milwaukee .
Étienne Eugène Azam ( 1822 - -1899 ) was a French surgeon from Bordeaux who is chiefly remembered for his work in psychology , particularly a case involving a female patient he named `` Félida X '' who seemed to have `` alternating personalities '' , or what Azam referred to as doublement de la vie .
Adélaïde Binart ( March 9 , 1769 , Paris - September 1832 , Paris ) was a French neoclassical painter - artist .
Johannes Riedl ( born 2 January 1950 in Pirmasens ; died 19 August 2010 ) was a German football player .
Louis Pandellé ( 1 March 1824 , Plaisance , Gers -- 27 February 1905 , Tarbes ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Diptera .
Louis - Charles - Auguste Couder or Auguste Couder ( 1 April 1789 in London -- 21 July 1873 in Paris ) was a French painter and student of Jean - Baptiste Regnault and Jacques - Louis David .
There is a larger than life iron wrought statue of Gudleppa Hallikeri in his final hometown , Hubli .
Ilario Carposio ( Trento 1852 -- Fiume 1921 ) was an artistic photographer who owned an important studio in Fiume , now Rijeka in present - day Croatia .
Brigitte Reimann ( born 21 July 1933 , Burg bei Magdeburg , d. 22 February 1973 , East Berlin ) was a German writer who is best known for her posthumously published novel Franziska Linkerhand .
Gian Paolo Lomazzo was born in Milan from a family emigrated from the town of Lomazzo .
Louis Nicolas Victor de Félix d'Ollières ( 23 September 1711 , Aix - en - Provence -- 10 October 1775 , Versailles ) , comte du Muy , comte de Grignan , was a French soldier and statesman from a family originating in Provence .
Janko Gredelj ( 28 March 1916 -- 23 December 1941 ) was a Yugoslav communist and one of the organizers of the antifascist struggle in Zagreb in 1941 .
Joseph Dombey ( Mâcon , France , 20 February 1742 -- Montserrat , West Indies , May 1794 ) was a French botanist .
Born in Sacramento , California , May O'Donnell studied dance in San Francisco with Estelle Reed and performed in Reed 's company before moving to New York City to study with Martha Graham .
Franz Graf von Bellegarde was wounded during the Battle of Moscow and died on 19 December 1941 in a field hospital in Armenskaja , Russia .
Domenico di Campofregoso ( 1325 - -1390 ) was the fifth doge of Genoa .
Andy the Clown was the performing name of Andrew Rozdilsky , Jr. ( December 6 , 1917 - September 21 , 1995 ) , a lifelong Chicago resident who performed , unofficially , as a clown at Chicago White Sox games at Comiskey Park for 30 years from 1960 to 1990 .
Joseph - Hector Fiocco ( 20 January 1703 -- 21 June 1741 ) , born in Brussels , was a Belgian composer and violinist of the late Baroque period .
Živojin Zdravković , also referred to as Zivojin Zdravkovic , Žika Zdravković , Gika Zdravkovitch , Gika Zdravkovich ( Belgrade , 24 November 1914 -- Belgrade , 15 September 2001 ) , a Serbian conductor , served as chief conductor and general manager of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra and as professor of conducting at the Belgrade Music Academy .
Jean de Beaumetz is recorded to have been `` painter and valet '' to Philip the Hardy , for whom he painted numerous works , and decorated , among other chapels , that of the Castle of Argilli , in Burgundy .
Rudolf Lettinger ( 26 October 1865 in Hamburg -- 21 March 1937 in Berlin - Schöneberg ) was a German stage and film actor .
Antoine - Athanase Royer - Collard ( February 7 , 1768 , Sompuis -- November 27 , 1825 , Paris ) was a French physician and psychiatrist .
Charles Christian Plitt ( born 6 May 1869 in Baltimore , Maryland , died there 13 October 1933 ) was a botanist and lichenologist .
Gilles - François Closson ( 1796 - -1842 ) , born in Liège , was a landscape painter , known as the Corot of Liège .
Jeanette Wohl ( October 16 , 1783 , Frankfurt am Main -- November 27 , 1861 , Paris ) was a longtime friend and correspondent of Ludwig Börne .
Born in Venice in 1920 , Ferruccio Bortoluzzi received his diploma from the Art Institute there in 1947 .
Prosper - Gabriel Audran , the grandson of Jean Audran , born in Paris in 1744 , was a pupil of his uncle Benoit II , but having no vocation for art , he abandoned it for the law .
Julius Eugen Schlossberger ( 31 May 1819 in Stuttgart -- 9 July 1860 in Tübingen ) , also spelled Julius Eugen Schloßberger , was a German physician and biochemist .
Eugen von Keyserling ( 22 March 1833 in Pockroy , Lithuania -- 4 April 1889 in Dzierżoniów , Silesia ) was a Baltic - German arachnologist .
Britt Woodman ( June 4 , 1920 in Los Angeles -- October 13 , 2000 in Hawthorne , California ) was a jazz trombonist .
Götz Dieter Plage ( 14 May 1936 in Germany -- 3 April 1993 in Sumatra ) , internationally simply known as Dieter Plage , was a German cinematographer of nature documentaries .
The Professor Josef Ludwig Holub ( 5 February 1930 in Mladá Boleslav , ( now Czech Republic ) -- 23 July 1999 ) was a Czech botanist who described a number of new species , worked on systematic reorganization of botanical groups , and contributed greatly to the study of European flora .
Pier Angelo Fiorentino ( Naples , March 5 , 1811 - Paris , May 31 , 1864 ) was an Italian author .
Édouard - Christophe Pynaert ( May 29 , 1835 - October 28 , 1900 ) was a Belgian botanist and horticulturalist born in Ghent .
Ambroise Tardieu ( 2 March 1788 in Paris -- 17 January 1841 in Paris ) was an eminent French cartographer and engraver , and is celebrated for his version of John Arrowsmith 's 1806 map of the United States .
Abdumalik Bahori ( Tajik : Абдумалик Баҳорӣ , Persian : عبدالملک بهاری‎ , 22 March 1927 Leninabad , USSR - 3 December 2010 , Dushanbe , Tajikistan ) was children poet and the first Tajik fiction writer .
Johnny Taylor , Jr. ( May 31 , 1953 -- February 29 , 1984 ) was a convicted murderer who was executed by electrocution at the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola .
Wilhelm Süssmann ( 16 September 1891 - 20 May 1941 ) was a German Luftwaffe ( Air Force ) general who was killed in action during the Battle of Crete .
Eduard Ender ( 3 March 1822 Rome -- 28 December 1883 London ) was an Austrian painter .
Mario Amato ( 24 November 1937 , in Palermo -- 23 June 1980 , in Rome ) was an Italian magistrate , assassinated in 1980 by NAR ( Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari ) members Gilberto Cavallini and Luigi Ciavardini .
Bob Nolan died on June 16 , 1980 in Newport Beach , California of a heart attack .
Arthur Klemt ( born 1913 in Offenburg , Baden - Württemberg , Germany -- died 1985 in Olching , Bavaria , Germany ) was a German inventor .
Johann Peter Haseney ( 1812 in Mehlis -- 1869 in Munich ) was a German engraver .
Carl Wurster ( 2 December 1900 in Stuttgart -- 14 December 1974 in Frankenthal ) was a German chemist and Wehrwirtschaftsführer ( war economy leader ) during the Third Reich .
Karl Stegger ( 11 January 1913 , in Aarhus -- 13 April 1980 , in Frederiksberg ) was a Danish actor , who appeared in 157 films which makes him the most used Danish actor .
Yi Gwang - sik ( Hangul : 이광식 ; hanja : 李光軾 , born 29 September 1493 in Gangneung , died 1 December 1563 in Seoul ) , was a Korean politician and general during the Joseon Dynasty .
Edward Bernard ( 1638 - -1697 ) was an English scholar and Savilian professor of astronomy at the University of Oxford , from 1673 to 1691 .
František Kaván ( September 10 , 1866 , Víchovská Lhota near Jilemnice - December 16 , 1941 , Libuň near Jičín ) was a Czech painter and poet .
Marthe Robin ( born 13 March 1902 in Châteauneuf - de - Galaure , died on 6 February 1981 ) was a French Roman Catholic mystic and founder of the Foyers de Charité and a reported stigmatist .
Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee died in 1924 at Patna , Bihar soon after losing a hotly contested Hindu law inheritance case to the Shia Bihari Barrister Syed Hasan Imam .
Andréa Maltarolli ( 28 September 1962 in Rio de Janeiro -- 22 September 2009 in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian soap opera and telenovela screenwriter .
Mark Zamenhof ( was born January 27 1837 in Tykocin , died November 29th 1907 in Warsaw ) is Esperanto form of Markus Fabianoviĉ Samenhof , `` Christian '' or goja name of Mordeĥaj Zamenhof , son of Fabian Zamenhof and father of L. L. Zamenhof ( the creator of Esperanto ) ; teacher of languages French and German .
After the mysterious assassination of Chilperic in 584 AD , Fredegund seized his riches and took refuge in the Notre Dame de Paris cathedral .
Karl Künstler was declared dead in Erlangen in 1949 .
Giovanni Ceirano died in La Cassa on March 30 , 1948 .
Edoardo Persico ( 1900 , Naples - January 1936 , Milan ) was an Italian art critic , designer and essayist .
Eugène de Kermadec ( 1899 Paris -- 1976 ) was a French painter .
Johann Rudolf Wettstein ( 27 October 1594 -- 12 April 1666 ) was a Swiss diplomat and one - time mayor of Basel , who achieved fame through his diplomatic skills , culminating in Swiss independence from the Holy Roman Empire in 1648 .
Laurentius Andreae ( in Swedish Lars Andersson , in English Lawrence Anderson ) was born in the Swedish town of Strängnäs .
Dénes Mihály ( 7 July 1894 , Gödöllő - 29 August 1953 , West - Berlin ) was a Hungarian inventor , engineer .
Rudolf Stähelin , surname also spelled Staehelin ( 28 July 1875 , Basel -- 26 March 1943 , Basel ) was a Swiss internist .
Gustav Wustmann ( 23 May 1844 -- 22 December 1910 ) was a German philologist and historian , born in Dresden , where he frequented the Kreuzschule , before studying philology at Leipzig in 1862 - -66 .
Laura Perls ( née Lore Posner ; August 15 , 1905 in Pforzheim -- July 13 , 1990 in Pforzheim ) was a noted German - born psychologist and psychotherapist who helped establish the Gestalt school of psychotherapy .
Charles Grangier de la Ferrière ( 21 September 1738 , Pontchâteau - 8 March 1794 , Paris ) was a French general of the War of the First Coalition .
Heinrich von Eckardt ( 20 July 1861 , Riga , Russian Empire -- 3 March 1944 , Jena , Germany ) was a Baltic German diplomat in the service of the German Empire .
Hermann Friese ( Hamburg , 30 Mai 1882 or 22 Mai 1880 - São Paulo October 1945 ) was a German - Brazilian athlete , association football player and referee .
Gilberto Almeida Egas ( 30 May 1928 -- 20 April 2015 ) was an Ecuadorian painter born in San Antonio de Ibarra , in Imbabura Province .
Mieczysław Srokowski ( August 14 , 1873 in the village of Bybło , Podole -- September 11 , 1910 in Warsaw ) was a Polish writer and poet .
Fabrice Simon ( January 29 , 1951 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti -- July 29 , 1998 in New York City ) was an award - winning artist and fashion designer , best known for his handmade beaded dresses .
Anton Dreher ( born May 7 , 1810 , in Schwechat near Vienna - December 27 , 1863 , Schwechat ) was an Austrian brewer who was an important figure in the development of pale lager .
María Amalia Ramírez ( née de los Dolores de la Aparición de Santiago , Lupión , Jaén , Spain , 23 May 1834 , Madrid , Spain , 25 February 1918 ) was a Spanish lyric singer .
Glenn Thomas ( June 13 , 1991 -- December 28 , 2013 ) , better known by his stage name Doe B , was an American hip hop recording artist from Montgomery , Alabama .
Artúr Somlay ( 28 February 1883 , Budapest -- 10 November 1951 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian stage and film actor .
Gret Palucca , born Margarethe Paluka ( 8 January 1902 -- 22 March 1993 ) , was a German dancer and dance teacher , notable for her dance school in Dresden .
Federico Visconti ( 1617 - -1693 ) was an Italian Cardinal and Archbishop of Milan from 1681 to 1693 .
Eduard Ritter von Weber ( May 12 , 1870 in Munich -- June 20 , 1934 in Würzburg ) was a German mathematician .
William Wetmore ( September 16 , 1771 -- October 27 , 1827 ) founded Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio in 1812 .
Samuel Landauer ( born at Hürben , Bavaria , February 22 , 1846 ; died 1937 in Augsburg ) was a German Jewish orientalist and librarian .
Wols was the pseudonym of Alfred Otto Wolfgang Schulze ( 27 May 1913 , Berlin -- 1 September 1951 , Paris ) , a German painter and photographer predominantly active in France .
Jean - Baptiste Marie Pierre ( Paris , 6 March 1714 - Paris , 15 May 1789 ) was a French painter , draughtsman and administrator .
Andrea Malinconico ( 1624 in Naples-1698 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active near his natal city of Naples .
Emelia Pérez Castellanos ( Havana , Cuba , 10 November 1921 -- Mexico City , 1 January 2015 ) , better known as Ninón Sevilla , was a Cuban - born Mexican film actress and dancer who was active during the golden age of Mexican cinema .
R.W. Dromgold ( ca . 1856 -- November 7 , 1918 ) , was a Los Angeles , California , businessman who served on the city council there in the early 20th Century .
Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Theodor Hosemann ( 24 September 1807 , Brandenburg an der Havel - 15 October 1875 , Berlin ) was a German genre painter , draftsman , illustrator and caricaturist .
Noël Chabanel ( February 2 , 1613 -- December 8 , 1649 ) was a Jesuit missionary at Sainte - Marie among the Hurons , and one of the Canadian Martyrs .
Heinrich Proch ( 22 July 1809 , Vienna -- 18 December 1878 , Vienna ) was an Austrian composer .
Wenceslao Fernández Flórez ( A Coruña , Galicia , 1885 -- Madrid , 1964 ) was a popular Spanish journalist and novelist of the early 20th century .
Teddy Powell retired from band - leading in 1954 and formed a music publishing company in New York City sometime prior to 1960 and prospered .
Count Louis Gunther of Nassau ( 15 February 1575 in Dillenburg -- 12 September 1604 , outside Sluis ) was a Count of Nassau - Katzenelnbogen and a Dutch lieutenant general of cavalry in the Eighty Years ' War .
Richard Witting ( 1856 , Berlin -- 1923 ) was a Prussian politician and financier .
Bruce McLaren died ( aged 32 ) when his Can - Am car crashed on the Lavant straight just before Woodcote corner at Goodwood Circuit in England on 2 June 1970 .
Carlos Hugo Christensen ( Santiago del Estero , 15 December 1914 - Rio de Janeiro , 30 November 1999 ) was a Argentine film director , screenwriter and film producer .
A Trustee of the University of California , Santa Barbara ( UCSB ) Foundation , in addition to supporting scientific research and education , his philanthropic activities include the Fred Kavli Theatre for Performing Arts at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza , California , as well as other projects .
Following the accession to the throne of her brother in law Lucius Septimius Severus , Julia Maesa moved to Rome to live with her sister .
Antonio Busini ( born July 5 , 1904 in Padua ; died August 20 , 1975 in Riccione ) was an Italian professional football player , coach and official .
Josef Doležal ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjozɛf ˈdolɛʒal ) ) ( 12 December 1920 in Příbram -- 28 January 1999 in Prague ) was a Czechoslovak athlete who competed mainly in the 50 kilometre walk .
Yvonne Bryceland died of complications from cancer in 1992 at age 66 in London , United Kingdom .
František Bílek ( November 6 , 1872 in Chýnov , near Tábor -- October 13 , 1941 in Chýnov ) was a famous Czech Art Nouveau and Symbolist sculptor and architect .
Peter I of Cyprus or Pierre I de Lusignan ( 9 October 1328 in Nicosia -- 17 January 1369 in Palace of La Cava , Nicosia ) was King of Cyprus and titular King of Jerusalem from his father 's abdication on 24 November 1358 until his own death in 1369 .
Giovanni Martino Cesare ( c.1590 in Udine -- 6 February 1667 in Munich ) was a composer and cornett player .
John VII of Hoya ( died 11 June 1535 , fell in battle near Assens on Funen in Denmark ) was a German count and army commander in the service of Lübeck and Sweden .
Erwin Heerich ( November 29 , 1922 in Kassel -- November 6 , 2004 in Meerbusch , Germany ) was a German artist .
Meridel Le Sueur ( February 22 , 1900 , Murray , Iowa -- November 14 , 1996 , Hudson , Wisconsin ) was an American writer associated with the proletarian movement of the 1930s and 1940s .
Jacob van Walscapelle ( 1644 , Dordrecht -- 1727 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter .
Christian Weise was born in Zittau , the son of Elias Weise , a magister tertium or assistant teacher .
Wilhelm Florin ( born Cologne 16 March 1894:died Moscow 5 July 1944 ) was a German Communist Party ( KPD ) politician and a campaigner in opposition to National Socialism .
Heinrich Welsch ( born 13 October 1888 in Saarlouis -- died 23 November 1976 in Saarbrücken ) was a politician but not a member of a political party .
Mustapha Adamu Animashaun ( 1885 - -1968 ) was a prominent Lagos Islamic leader in the first half of the twentieth century .
Philippe Van Dievoet ( Brussels . 1654 -- Paris , 1738 ) was a celebrated goldsmith and jeweller .
Fritz Perls died of heart failure in Chicago , on March 14 , 1970 , after heart surgery at the Louis A. Weiss Memorial Hospital .
Johann Benjamin Koppe ( 19 August 1750 in Danzig -- 12 February 1791 in Hanover ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Joseph Csaky ( also written Josef Csàky , Csáky József , József Csáky and Joseph Alexandre Czaky ) ( 18 March 1888 , Szeged -- 1 May 1971 , Paris ) was a Hungarian avant - garde artist , sculptor , and graphic artist , best known for his early participation as a sculptor in the Cubist movement .
Napoleone Pini ( 1835 , Milan - 22 March 1907 , Milan ) was an Italian zoologist and palaeontologist .
Prince Constantine Esperovich Beloselsky - Belozersky ( 16 ( 28 ) June 1843 - May 26 , 1920 , Neuilly - sur - Seine ) - Russian general , landowner and horse breeder .
Saint Peter the Wonderworker or the Thaumaturge ( Greek : Άγιος Πέτρος ο Θαυματουργός , Latin : Petrus Thaumaturgus ) , also known as Saint Peter of Argos ( Άγιος Πέτρος του Άργους ) is a Christian saint , regarded as the patron saint of Argos .
Nicolaas Wilhelmus Posthumus or N.W. Posthumus ( February 26 , 1880 , Amsterdam -- April 18 , 1960 , Bussum ) was a Dutch economic historian and political scientist .
Jacques de Flesselles ( 1721 , Paris -- 14 July 1789 ) was a French public servant and one of the first victims of the French Revolution .
Adolphe Appian ( born as Jacques Barthelemy Adolphe Appian on 28 August 1819 in Lyon , France , died on 29 April 1898 in Lyon ) was a French landscape painter and etcher .
Thomas Pelham , 1st Earl of Chichester PC ( 28 February 1728 -- 8 January 1805 ) , known as the Lord Pelham of Stanmer from 1768 to 1801 , was a British Whig politician .
Xosé María Díaz Castro ( b. Guitiriz , 19 February 1914 -- d. Lugo , 2 October 1990 ) was a Galician poet and translator .
Otto Manninen ( 13 August 1872 , Kangasniemi -- 6 April 1950 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish writer , poet , and a celebrated translator of world classics into Finnish language .
Emil Molt ( born 14 April 1876 in Schwäbisch Gmünd , Kingdom of Württemberg , died 16 June 1936 in Stuttgart ) was a German businessman , social reformer and anthroposophist .
Mark Lemon ( 30 November 1809 , in London -- 23 May 1870 , in Crawley ) was founding editor of both Punch and The Field .
Maurice Stans died on April 14 , 1998 , at age 90 , following a congestive heart failure at the Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena , California .
Saint Geminianus ( also known as Saint Geminian , or Saint Gimignano ) was a fourth century Deacon , and later Bishop of Modena .
Abbé Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre ( 1752 , Aveyron -- 20 September 1804 , Saint - Geniez ) was a French naturalist who contributed sections on cetaceans , mammals , birds , reptiles , amphibians , and insects to the Tableau encyclopédique et méthodique .
Solomon Marcus Schiller - Szinessy , sometimes Solomon Mayer Schiller - Szinessy ( 23 December 1820 , Budapest , Hungary - 11 March 1890 , Cambridge ) was a Hungarian rabbi and academic .
Alexander Hugo Bakker Korff ( 1824 in The Hague -- 1882 in Leiden ) , was a 19th - century Dutch genre painter .
Luigi Pernier ( Rome , 23 November 1874 -- Rhodes , 18 August 1937 ) was an Italian archaeologist and academic now best known for his discovery of the Disc of Phaistos .
Daniel Danielis ( Visé near Liège 1635- Vannes 1696 ) was a Belgian composer .
Julius Posener ( 4 November 1904 , Lichterfelde -- 29 January 1996 , Berlin ) was a German architectural historian , author and higher education teacher .
Peter Altenberg ( 9 March 1859 -- 8 January 1919 ) was a writer and poet from Vienna , Austria .
Filippo Maria Visconti ( 3 September 1392 -- 13 August 1447 ) was ruler of Milan from 1412 to 1447 .
Rodney Arismendi ( Río Branco , Uruguay , 21 March 1913 - Montevideo , 27 December 1989 ) was a Uruguayan politician and political writer .
Katherine Neville , Baroness Hastings ( 1442 -- between January and 25 March 1504 ) , was a noblewoman and a member of the powerful Neville family of northern England .
Józef Szajna ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjuzɛf ˈʂajna ) ; b. March 13 , 1922 in Rzeszów , Poland , d. June 24 , 2008 in Warsaw ) was a Polish set designer , director , play writer , theoretician of the theatre , painter and graphic artist .
Jean Le Vacher ( 15 March 1619 - 26 July 1683 ) was a Lazarist missionary who was the French consul in Tunis and then in Algiers .
During the Finnish War in 1808 - 1809 Sofia Hjärne , according to certain sources , was instrumental in averting a battle by achieving the peaceful handover of the stronghold of Sveaborg near Helsinki to the Russians .
Hem Barua ( Assamese : হেম বৰুৱা ) ( 22 April 1915 -- 9 April 1977 ) was a prominent Assamese poet and politician from Assam .
John Masiakowski ( August 31 , 1874 - ? ) was a stationer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 14th Milwaukee County district ( 14th and 24th wards of the City of Milwaukee ) .
`` Pig - Pen '' is a character in the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
Lewis Davenport was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs , played by Sam Stockman from 2002 until 2004 .
Angela Petrelli ( née Shaw ) , portrayed by Cristine Rose , is a fictional character featured in the television show Heroes .
Windcharger is a fictional character and was one of the original toys in the Transformers line when Hasbro started producing them in 1984 .
Olivia Dunham is a fictional character from the science fiction television series Fringe , which aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company in the United States from 2008 to 2013 .
Ethan Kanin , portrayed by Bob Gunton , is a fictional character of television series 24 where he was part of the main cast in Season 7 ; and recurring cast member in Season 6 and Season 8 .
Karen Wolek is a fictional character appearing on the American soap opera One Life to Live between May 1976 and February 1983 .
Rafael Barba is a fictional character portrayed by Raúl Esparza , who joined the cast of the long - running NBC crime drama series Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , during the 14th season episode `` Twenty - Five Acts '' .
Kayleigh Morton is a fictional character on the British soap - opera Coronation Street .
René d'Herblay , alias Aramis , is a fictional character in the novels The Three Musketeers , Twenty Years After and The Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas , père .
Balnibarbi is a fictional land in Jonathan Swift 's satirical novel Gulliver 's Travels .
Casey Novak is a fictional character on Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , portrayed by Diane Neal .
Minnie Crozier is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street , who was portrayed by Katrina Devine from her first appearance in 1994 as part of the Crozier family unit , until 2001 when the character was axed as part of a large cast overhaul .
In the video game James Bond 007 , Oddjob appears multiple times as a henchman for the game 's main villain , General Golgov .
The Buchanan family is a long - running family of fictional characters on the American soap opera One Life to Live .
In The Divine Comedy the spirit of Solomon appears to Dante Alighieri in the Heaven of the Sun with other exemplars of inspired wisdom .
Dr. Naomi Bennett is a fictional character on the Grey 's Anatomy spin - off Private Practice .
Ezio Auditore da Firenze ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈettsjo audiˈtoːre da fiˈrentse ) ) is a fictional character in the video game series Assassin 's Creed .
Oliver Fish and Kyle Lewis ( Kish ) are fictional characters on the American daytime soap opera One Life to Live , owned by ABC .
Yolande Trueman ( also Duke ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Angela Wynter from 16 September 2003 to 3 October 2008 .
Tyrion Lannister ( also referred to as `` the Imp '' or `` the Halfman '' ) is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Delenn is a fictional lead character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by Mira Furlan .
Hezekiah ( /ˌhɛzɨˈkaɪ.ə/ ; Hebrew : חִזְקִיָּ֫הוּ , חִזְקִיָּ֫ה , יְחִזְקִיָּ֫הוּ ; Greek : Ἐζεκίας , Ezekias , in the Septuagint ; Latin : Ezechias ; also transliterated as Ḥizkiyyahu or Ḥizkiyyah ) was , according to the Hebrew Bible , the son of Ahaz and the 13th king of Judah .
The Greek is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire , played by actor Bill Raymond .
Polly Sherman is a fictional character in the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers .
Claire Meade is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty .
Lily Butterfield ( née Burrows ) is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Emmerdale , played by Anne Charleston .
Granny Liu ( Chinese : 劉姥姥 ; Pinyin : Liú Lǎolāo ) is a character in Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
Rhys Sutherland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away , portrayed by actor Michael Beckley from 2000 to late 2004 .
John Sacrimoni , commonly known as Johnny Sack , is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos , played by Vince Curatola .
Phileas Fogg is the protagonist in the 1873 Jules Verne novel Around the World in Eighty Days .
Cop - Tur is the name of several fictional characters in the Gobots , Robo Machines and Transformers toy lines , and the subsequent fiction .
Luis Lopez - Fitzgerald is a fictional character on the NBC / DirecTV soap opera Passions , portrayed from 1999 to 2008 by original cast member Galen Gering .
Parker Lee is a fictional character on UPN / The CW television series Veronica Mars .
Caroline Spencer Forrester is a fictional character from the American soap opera , The Bold and the Beautiful .
The Protectobots are a fictional emergency , search , and rescue team of five Autobots in the Transformers franchise .
Nadia Yassir ( Urdu : نادیہ ياسر‎ ) is a fictional character from the TV series 24 played by Marisol Nichols .
Carmella Cammeniti ( previously Silvani and Sister Mary Catherine ) is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours , played by Natalie Blair .
Commander Cain is a fictional character in the original Battlestar Galactica science fiction TV series , portrayed by the American actor Lloyd Bridges .
Zara Morgan is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks , played by Kelly Greenwood between 1999 - 2005 .
Baana Kaathadi ( Tamil : பாணா காத்தாடி ; English : Kite ) is a 2010 Tamil romance film written and directed by Badri Venkatesh .
Bonnie 's Bookstore is a word - forming computer puzzle game developed by New Crayon Games and published by PopCap Games .
Rock n ' Bolt is a puzzle video game developed in 1985 by Action Graphics and published by Activision .
Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition is a food science journal published monthly by Taylor & Francis .
New Mathematics and Natural Computation is an interdisciplinary journal founded in 2005 and is now published by World Scientific .
Ultimate Air Combat ( known as Aces : Iron Eagle III in Japan ) is a semi - realistic combat flight simulator developed and published by Activision for the Nintendo Entertainment System / Family Computer .
Downbelow Station is a science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and published in 1981 by DAW Books .
Dead Space Ignition is an action puzzle game developed by Megatube and Sumo Digital and published by Electronic Arts for the Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation Network .
Urged by a publisher at Ballantine Books to double the length of his story to make a novel , Bradbury returned to the same typing room and expanded his work into Fahrenheit 451 , taking just nine days .
Mythlore is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal published by the Mythopoeic Society .
Business Review is a quarterly publication of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia comprising articles written by in - house staff economists aimed at readers with a general interest in economic issues .
Club Drive is a racing video game published by Atari Corporation for the Atari Jaguar in 1994 .
Gary Lineker 's Superstar Soccer is a computer game released in 1987 for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum , published by Gremlin Interactive in Europe , and by Mindscape as Superstar Soccer in the USA .
NBA 2K1 ( also known as Sega Sports : NBA 2K1 or NBA2K1 ) is a basketball video game .
Baseball Advance is a sports games for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance , developed by Smilebit and released by THQ in March 2002 .
The Journal of Law and Commerce is a law review published by an independent student group at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law , focusing on domestic and international commercial and business law .
The Index Librorum Prohibitorum ( English : List of Prohibited Books ) was a list of publications deemed heretical , anti - clerical or lascivious , and therefore banned by the Catholic Church .
The American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education is the official publication of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy .
The Triumph of Caesar is a historical novel by American author Steven Saylor , first published by St. Martin 's Press in 2008 .
The Heroic Age of American Invention is a 1961 science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp , published by Doubleday .
Nintendo NHL Stanley Cup lets all 26 teams from the National Hockey League at the time of the game 's release ( including the expansion Florida Panthers and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim ) compete for the highest honor in professional hockey , the Stanley Cup .
The Journal of Scottish Historical Studies is a bi - annual peer - reviewed academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Economic and Social History Society of Scotland in May and November of each year .
Psychology , Public Policy and Law is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association .
Zip Zap is an arcade - style computer game developed by Ian Weatherburn for Imagine Software and released for the ZX Spectrum in 1983 .
Danny and the Dinosaur is a popular children 's book by Syd Hoff , first published by Harper & Brothers in 1958 .
Super Dodge Ball Advance , released in Japan as Bakunetsu Dodgeball Fighters ( 爆熱ドッジボールファイターズ , `` Bakunetsu '' meaning `` Burning Heat '' ) , is dodge ball video game produced by Atlus that was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2001 .
Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology is one of a series of pamphlets published by Prickly Paradigm Press in 2004 .
Sweet Danger is a crime novel by Margery Allingham , first published in October 1933 , in the United Kingdom by Heinemann , London and in the United States by The Crime Club as Kingdom of Death ; later US versions used the title The Fear Sign .
Salah Asuhan is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1928 by Balai Pustaka .
Contributions to Mineralogy and Petrology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1947 .
Double D Dodgeball is a downloadable dodgeball game created by Yuke 's Co. Ltd. and published by Yuke 's Company of America for the Xbox Live Arcade .
Big Pumpkin is a children 's book written by Erica Silverman , illustrated by S. D. Schindler , and published by Aladdin Paperbacks in 1992 .
the Journal of the American Ceramic Society is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published on behalf of the American Ceramic Society by Wiley - Blackwell .
Detective Comics is the title used for two American comic book series published by DC Comics .
The J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia , subtitled Scholarship and Critical Assessment , edited by Michael D.C. Drout , was published by Routledge in 2006 ( ISBN 978 - 0415969420 ) .
F1 Championship Season 2000 is a 2000 video game based on the 2000 Formula One season , developed by EA Sports and released for the PlayStation , Macintosh , PC , PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color .
Studies in Second Language Acquisition is a peer - reviewed journal published quarterly by Cambridge University Press .
Uneasy Money is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse , first published in the United States on March 17 , 1916 by D. Appleton & Company , New York , and in the United Kingdom on October 4 , 1917 by Methuen & Co. , London .
Demons and Dinosaurs is a 1970 collection of poetry by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp , published by Arkham House in an edition of 500 copies .
Deep Silver , which acquired the license to Sacred 3 from former development studio Ascaron Entertainment , announced at Gamescom that the earliest it could publish the game would be in early 2012 .
GAZ1 The Grand Duchy of Karameikos was written by Aaron Allston , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 64-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
It was established in 1968 , and is published by Taylor & Francis on behalf of the Canadian Society of Forensic Science .
Starfox is a video game that was published by Ariolasoft on their Reaktor label in 1987 for the ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , and Amstrad CPC .
The Cameo Murders is a book by Barry Shortall , first published in the United Kingdom by the Bluecoat Press in 1999 .
The Magic Thief is the first book in a children 's fantasy trilogy published by HarperCollins in June 2008 .
The South Australian Ornithologist is the scientific journal of the South Australian Ornithological Association ( also known as Birds SA ) .
Grazer Philosophische Studien / International Journal for Analytic Philosophy is a peer - reviewed academic journal on philosophy published by Rodopi Publishers .
The Journal of Pain is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the American Pain Society and covers research and reviews on pain , including anesthesiology and palliative care and related educational and policy issues .
Desert Demolition Starring Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote is a video game for the Sega Sega Mega Drive / Genesis .
Yale French Studies is an academic journal published biannually by Yale University Press and connected with the French department at Yale University .
Rainbow Magic is a children 's fiction brand originally created by Working Partners and now owned by HIT Entertainment and best known for the children 's books published by Orchard Books .
Days of War , Nights of Love is a collection of political , social and philosophical essays written and published by anarchist collective CrimethInc ..
In 1930 , the book was republished by William Heinemann minus the original last chapter as Powder and Patch .
The East Asia Law Review is an academic journal focusing on legal issues concerning East Asia , published by an organization of J.D. and LL.M. students at the University of Pennsylvania Law School .
Lovecraft 's Legacy was an anthology edited by Robert Weinberg and Martin H. Greenberg and published by Tor Books in 1990 .
Programming Ruby is a book about the Ruby programming language by Dave Thomas and Andrew Hunt , authors of The Pragmatic Programmer .
Asmara Djaja ( Perfected Spelling : Asmara Jaya , both meaning Great Passion ) is a 1928 novel written by Indonesian writer Djamaluddin Adinegoro and published by Balai Pustaka .
By Fair Means or Foul ( later also released as Pro Boxing Simulator ) is a boxing video game first published for a range of 8-bit home computers in 1988 by Superior Software .
One Man and His Droid is a game published by Mastertronic in 1985 for use on the Amstrad CPC , Atari 8-bit , Commodore 16 , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum home computer systems .
Israel Journal of Mathematics is a peer - reviewed mathematics journal published by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem ( Magnes Press ) .
Dance / Electronic Albums ( formerly Top Electronic Albums ) is a music chart published weekly by Billboard magazine which ranks the top - selling electronic music albums in the United States .
Economics and Human Biology is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier since 2003 .
Soul of a Robot is a computer game sequel to Nonterraqueous for the ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC and MSX , released by Mastertronic in 1985 .
The John Marshall Journal of Information Technology and Privacy Law ( Bluebook abbreviation : J. Marshall J. Info . Technol . & Priv . L. ) is a law review published by a student group at the John Marshall Law School ( Chicago ) .
Cook 's Illustrated is an American cooking magazine published by America 's Test Kitchen in Brookline , Massachusetts , every two months .
Space Shuttle Project is an action video game released in 1991 by Absolute Entertainment for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Utilitas is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal covering political philosophy and jurisprudence published by Cambridge University Press .
Infrared Physics and Technology is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier devoted to the publication of new experimental and theoretical papers about applications of physics to the field of infrared physics and technology .
Distant Worlds is a pausable real - time , space grand strategy wargame developed by Code Force and published by Matrix Games .
Focaal - Journal of Global and Historical Anthropology is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books and edited by Luisa Steur , focused on the conjunction of anthropology and history as well on the incorporation of local research settings in the wider spatial networks of globalization or empire .
Meditations in an Emergency is a book of poetry by American poet Frank O'Hara first published by Grove Press in 1957 .
Achtung Spitfire ! is a strategy computer game released by Avalon Hill in 1997 .
The Cambridge Modern History is a comprehensive modern history of the world , beginning with the 15th century age of Discovery , published by the Cambridge University Press in the United Kingdom and also in the United States .
Wargame Construction Set is a video game builder series published in 1986 by Strategic Simulations , Inc ..
Noise & Health is a bimonthly peer - reviewed open access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Noise Research Network .
Soon after Paradox Interactive took over publishing duties a new bundle was released on April 17 , 2009 called Sword of the Stars :
Oregon Geographic Names is a compilation of the origin and meaning of place names in the U.S. state of Oregon , published by the Oregon Historical Society .
Daughter of Venice is an historical fiction / young adult novel , published in 2002 by Random House Inc.
Peter and the Starcatchers is a best - selling children 's novel that was published by Hyperion Books , a subsidiary of Disney , in 2004 .
Expect Resistance is a self - described crimethink field manual published by CrimethInc .
However , Powys had to cut some 350 pages from his manuscript before Wolf Solent was published by Simon and Schuster .
Taz in Escape from Mars is a video game developed by HeadGames and released by Sega in 1994 for the Genesis / Mega Drive and Sega Game Gear featuring Taz , the Looney Tunes Tasmanian devil cartoon character .
Virtua Cop 2 is a light gun arcade game , released in 1995 and developed internally at Sega by their AM2 studio .
The Journal of British Cinema and Television is a triannual academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press in May , August and December of each year .
NBA Live 07 is the 2006 installment of the NBA Live series by EA Sports .
Touch the Dead ( titled Dead ' n ' Furious in Europe ) is a rail shooter / survival horror game for the Nintendo DS developed by Dream On Studio and published by Eidos Interactive under its brand Secret Stash Games .
ISS Pro Evolution 2 ( known as World Soccer Jikkyou Winning Eleven 2000 : U-23 Medal Heno Chousen in Japan ) is the fourth video game in the ISS Pro series and the second installment of the ISS Pro Evolution series , developed exclusively for the PlayStation by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo , a division of Konami .
World Gone Sour , developed by Playbrains and published by Capcom , is a 3D sidescroller video game created to promote Sour Patch Kids , a type of sour gummy candy .
Legacy of the Ancients is a fantasy role - playing video game published by Electronic Arts in 1987 .
Treasure Island Dizzy is a computer puzzle game published in 1988 by Codemasters for ZX Spectrum , and later ported to the Amstrad , Commodore 64 , NES , Amiga , Atari ST and Microsoft Windows .
Back to Black is the second and final studio album by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse , released on 27 October 2006 by Island Records .
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey is the unfinished twenty - first historical novel in the Aubrey - Maturin series by English author Patrick O'Brian , first published in its incomplete form in 2004 .
Most recently Aylin Tezel has filmed Marco Kreuzpaintner 's new feature `` Coming In '' which was released by Warner Bros. in October 2014 , playing female lead Heidi who falls for a gay star- hairdresser ( Kostja Ullmann ) .
Tara Snyder ( born May 26 , 1977 ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who started a professional career in May 1995 .
Richard Yee is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Brodie Henderson ( born December 12 , 1983 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a rugby union player who has represented Canada and Canada Sevens .
Steven Spencer ( born June 16 , 1982 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey Defenseman .
The FIFA World Coach of the Year is an association football award given annually to the football coach who is considered to have performed the best in the previous 12 months .
Jeremy Hyatt ( born October 16 , 1974 in California , U.S. ) is an American professional basketball player , who played for the Newcastle Eagles in the British Basketball League .
Borås HC is a Swedish professional ice hockey club , based in Borås , currently playing in the Swedish third - tier league Division 1 since the 2012 - -13 season .
Robert Herron ( pronounced HUR - on ; born June 2 , 1992 ) is an American football wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The 2005 World Men 's Handball Championship was the 19th team handball World Championship .
The 2001 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2001 ATP Tour .
Robert Uihlein , Jr. ( 1916 - -1976 ) was an American businessman , heir and polo player .
The UCI Para - cycling Track World Championships are the world championships for track cycling where athletes with a physical disability compete , organized by the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) .
Huddersfield Giants are an English professional rugby league club from Huddersfield , West Yorkshire who play in the Super League competition .
Elitsa Vasileva ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Елица Василева ) ( born 13 May 1990 in Dupnitsa ) is an international volleyball player from Bulgaria .
José Luis Clerc ( born 16 August 1958 ) is a former Argentine professional tennis player , and one of the most important Argentine players in history .
The Shepparton East Football Club , now nicknamed the Eagles , is an Australian rules football club playing in the Picola & District Football League .
The MCW Cruiserweight Championship was a professional wrestling cruiserweight championship owned by the Maryland Championship Wrestling ( MCW ) promotion .
Ivica Marić ( born April 16 , 1967 in Zenica , Bosnia ) is a Croatian former professional basketball player .
Michalis Giannakidis ( alternate spellings : Michail , Mihalis ) ( Greek : Μιχάλης Γιαννακίδης ; born April 6 , 1988 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Comtesse de Kermel ( the Countess of Kermel ) or Thérèse de Kermel , née Thérèse Villard ( 15 June 1874 -- 1955 ) was a French tennis player at the beginning of the 20th century .
Eduard Uvíra ( born July 12 , 1961 in Opava , Czechoslovakia ) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team .
Entente Sportive La Rochelle , commonly known as ES La Rochelle , is a French association football club based in the commune of La Rochelle in the Charente - Maritime department of western France .
SG Rommerz or SG Blau - Weiss Rommerz is a German association football club based in Rommerz , near Neuhof in Hesse .
Jokipojat is a Finnish semi - professional ice hockey team that plays in the Mestis .
Ivona Jerković ( born July 2 , 1984 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian women 's basketball player .
Captain Sir George Marjoribanks ( died 1931 ) was a British polo player and banker .
Pontarddulais Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Pontarddulais , Swansea
The Malaysia Cup ( Malay : Piala Malaysia ) is an annual association football tournament in Malaysia .
Taylor Braun ( born July 6 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for ratiopharm Ulm of Germany 's Basketball Bundesliga .
Chen Hung - ling ( Chinese : 陳宏麟 ; pinyin : Chén Hónglín ; Wade -- Giles : Chen Hung - lin ; born February 10 , 1986 ) is a badminton player representing Chinese Taipei .
BC Sakalai was a professional basketball club based in Vilnius , Lithuania , playing in the Lithuanian Basketball League and the Baltic Basketball League .
The Copa América Femenina ( previously the Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino , shortened Sudamericano Femenino ) is the main competition in women 's association football between national teams of the CONMEBOL .
Darpan Inani ( born 1994 ) is a prolific blind Indian chess player from Vadodara .
The 2012 Men 's European Volleyball League was the ninth edition of the annual European Volleyball League , which featured men 's national volleyball teams from ten European countries .
Guillaume Samica ( born 28 September 1981 ) is a French volleyball player , a member of France men 's national volleyball team in 2003 - -2012 and Polish club AZS Politechnika Warszawska , a participant of the Olympic Games Athens 2004 , silver medalist of the European Championship 2009 and the World League 2006 .
Indoor soccer or arena soccer ( known internationally either as minifootball , fast football , floorball , showball ) is a game derived from association football adapted for play in a walled indoor arena .
Rait Käbin ( born 2 September 1981 ) is an Estonian professional basketball coach , and a former professional basketball player .
Victor Thibault ( born 8 March 1867 , date of death unknown ) was a French competitor in the sport of archery .
Ernani Christopher M. Pacana III ( born December 24 , 1981 ) , better known as Chris Pacana , is a former Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Cola .
Luca Morisi ( born 22 February 1991 ) is an Italian rugby union player for Benetton Treviso and the Italian national rugby union team .
Thierry Alibert is a professional rugby league referee .
The Pan American Fencing Championships ( Spanish : Campeonato Panamericano de Esgrima ; French : Championnats Panaméricains ) are an annual top - level fencing tournament organized by the Pan American Fencing Confederation .
The Clock Play was a famous trick play in American football , immortalized in what came to be known as the Fake Spike Game , played on November 27 , 1994 .
Robert Rosén ( born June 25 , 1987 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre , currently playing for Växjö Lakers in the Elitserien ( SEL ) .
Jhonatan Solano ( born August 12 , 1985 ) is a Colombian professional baseball catcher who is currently in the Washington Nationals organization .
Gazi Warriors is the American football team of Gazi University in Ankara , Turkey .
The Johnnie Walker Classic was a European Tour golf tournament which is played in the Asia Pacific region .
Daniel Elyakim is a chess International Grandmaster in Correspondence Chess and the Israeli champion of Correspondence Chess for the 1986 championship .
David Pocock ( born 23 April 1988 ) is an Australian rugby union player .
Ahmed Hadjali ( born June 16 , 1976 in Boghni , Tizi Ouzou Province ) is an Algerian handball player currently playing for French club US Ivry Handball and the Algerian National Team .
Basketligan dam , formerly known as Damligan until 2011 - -12 , is the top professional women 's basketball league in Sweden .
The Camden Rams Rugby League Football Club is an Australian rugby league football club based in Camden , New South Wales , formed in 1910 .
Christian Ban ( born March 16 , 1982 in Klagenfurt , Austria ) is a professional ice hockey forward for the Bakersfield Condors of the ECHL .
The Six Days of Ghent ( Dutch : Zesdaagse Vlaanderen - Gent ) is a six - day track cycling race held annually in Ghent , Belgium .
The 1931 All - Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 46th staging of the All - Ireland hurling championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1887 .
The Vancouver Island Rising Tide ( formerly Vancouver Island Crimson Tide ) are a Canadian rugby union team based in Victoria , British Columbia .
The 2010 Swiss Open Super Series is a top level badminton competition which will be held from March 16 , 2010 to March 21 , 2010 in Basel , Switzerland .
Cory Reamer ( born May 6 , 1987 ) is an American football linebacker who played in the National Football League .
The Algeria International in badminton is an international open held in Algeria .
Ann Henricksson ( born October 31 , 1959 ) is an American former professional tennis player whose career rand from 1981 to 1994 .
The 1994 Cleveland Indians corked bat incident took place on July 15 , 1994 at Comiskey Park in Chicago during a major league baseball game .
Salanque Méditerranée Pia XIII or SM Pia XIII are a French professional rugby league team from Pia in the Pyrénées - Orientales département .
Carlton Beal ( 1914 - 1994 ) was an American businessman , college professor and polo player .
Fotios Lampropoulos ( alternatively spelled : Fotis , Lambropoulos or Labropoulos ; Greek : Φώτης Λαμπρόπουλος ) , born 11 September 1983 , is a Greek professional basketball player who currently plays for Apollon Patras in the Greek League .
John Symes , OBE ( 11 January 1879 -- 23 September 1944 ) was an English cricket player .
Yoandy Garlobo Romay ( born January 12 , 1977 in Jovellanos , Matanzas Province , Cuba ) is a baseball player who starred for Cuba at the 2006 World Baseball Classic .
The Austrian Oberliga is the third level of ice hockey in Austria .
Carl Gustafsson ( born October 23 , 1989 , in Puerto Rico ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player .
The Livonia Cup is a football trophy contested in an annual match in Riga , between the champions of the Estonian and Latvian domestic association football leagues .
The Pittsburgh Hornets were a minor - league professional men 's ice hockey team based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Ludlow Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located near Ludlow , Shropshire , England .
The 2002 European Tour was the 31st season of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972 .
Béla von Kehrling ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbeːla ˈkeːɐ̯linɡ ) ; Hungarian : Kehrling Béla ; 25 January 1891 -- 26 April 1937 ) was a Hungarian tennis , table tennis , and football player but eventually a winter sportsman familiar with ice - hockey and occasionally competing in bobsleigh .
The 2008 Six Nations Championship , known as the 2008 RBS 6 Nations because of the tournament 's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland , was the ninth series of the rugby union Six Nations Championship .
The 2012 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women ( alternatively the Afrobasket U18 ) was the 12th U-18 FIBA Africa championship , played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the world basketball sport governing body and qualified for the 2013 World Cup .
Louis Eichborn ( 1812 - 9 May 1882 ) was a banker and a strong amateur chess player who played a series of casual games against Adolf Anderssen who was among the best players in the world in the 1850s .
Ugo Mola ( born 14 May 1973 ) is a French former international rugby union player .
Eleonora Lo Bianco ( born 22 December 1979 ) is an Italian volleyball player , currently the captain of Italy women 's national volleyball team .
The Master 's de Patinage is an annual figure skating test competition held in September or October in Orléans , France .
Super Bowl XIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Dallas Cowboys to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 1978 season .
The Agua Caliente Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour first played in 1930 in Tijuana , Mexico .
Sam Giammalva , Sr . ( born August 1 , 1934 ) , is an American former amateur tennis player in the mid-20th century .
Salesi Sika ( born 7 July 1980 in Haveluloto , Tonga ) is a former American rugby union player and played as a wing or centre Sika played professional rugby in the French league for Castres Olympique and AS Béziers .
The Stimpmeter is a device used to measure the speed of a golf course putting green by applying a known force to a golf ball and measuring the distance traveled in feet .
Stanislav Zhmakin ( born June 25 , 1982 ) is a Russian ice hockey winger who current plays for Yugra Khanty - Mansiysk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Edwige Pitel ( born 4 June 1967 ) is a French racing cyclist and the winner of the 2003 ITU Duathlon World Championships .
The Queen 's Gambit Accepted ( or QGA ) is a chess opening characterised by the moves : 1 .
Warren Spragg ( born 1 November 1982 in Manchester ) is an English - born Italian rugby union international .
Yardley & District RFC is an English rugby union club currently playing in the Midlands 4 West ( North ) Division .
Jennifer Brundage ( born June 27 , 1973 in Orange , California ) is an American softball player and Olympic champion .
The Michelob Championship at Kingsmill was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour from 1968 to 2002 .
Ron Tonkin Field , originally Hillsboro Ballpark , is a baseball park in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Raimonds Miglinieks ( born July 16 , 1970 , in Riga , Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic , USSR ) is a retired Latvian professional basketball player .
The Meijer LPGA Classic is a women 's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour .
The 1997 Internationaux de Strasbourg was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Strasbourg in France that was part of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour .
Frank Dehne ( born February 14 , 1976 in Berlin ) is a volleyball player from Germany , who plays for the National Team .
Roman Polák ( born 28 April 1986 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs , and serving as an assistant captain of , the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Fort Myers Miracle is the Class A Advanced minor league baseball affiliate of the Minnesota Twins Major League Baseball club , based in Fort Myers , Florida and currently managed by Jeff Smith .
The Baseball World Cup was an international tournament in which national baseball teams from around the world competed .
The Sacramento Monarchs were a basketball team based in Sacramento , California .
Christian Ulmer ( born 19 August 1984 ) is a German Nordic combined skier and ski jumper .
Scott Mathis ( born April 21 , 1988 ) is an American former ice hockey defenseman played for the Air Force Falcons men 's ice hockey team which competes in NCAA 's Division I in the Atlantic Hockey conference .
Shinsuke Kashiwagi ( 柏木 真介、born December 22 , 1981 ) is a Japanese professional basketball player .
Brett Carson ( born November 29 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for SaiPa in the Finnish Liiga .
Fabiola Ramos ( born 15 September 1977 in Maracaibo ) is a Venezuelan table tennis player who competed in her fifth consecutive Summer Olympics in 2012 .
A Semi - Open Game is a chess opening in which White plays 1.e4 and Black breaks symmetry immediately by replying with a move other than 1 ... e5 .
Budapest Rangers , founded in 2004 , are a bandy sports club based in Budapest , Hungary .
Nedim Dal ( born Edin Delić ; 3 May , 1975 in Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian - born Turkish basketball player .
The Essen Mosquitoes are a professional ice hockey team from Essen , Germany that competed in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) from 1999 - -2000 until the 2001 - -02 when they lost their license due to insolvency . After it the Team played in the 2.Bundesliga and now still playing in the Oberliga Nord .
Lifeimi Mafi ( born 15 August 1982 ) is a Tongan - born rugby union player who has played for the New Zealand national rugby team .
Touty Gandega ( born June 20 , 1991 in Paris ) is a French - Malian women 's basketball player who plays for club USO Mondeville of the League feminine de basket the top league of basketball for women in France . Touty is the Sister of Diana Gandega who also plays basketball .
The 1963 Uber Cup was the third edition of the Uber Cup , the women 's badminton competition .
Wahconah Park is a city - owned baseball park located in Pittsfield , Massachusetts and nestled in a working - class neighborhood .
Davor Marcelić ( born 20 May 1969 in Zadar , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian retired professional basketball player who last played for KK Krka .
Sion Mills Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sion Mills , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland , playing in Qualifying League 1 of the North West League , having dropped out of the North West Senior League before the 2015 season .
The 2009 Canada Masters ( also known as the 2009 Rogers Masters presented by National Bank and 2009 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The 2000 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Melbourne Park in Melbourne in Australia .
Troy Lee Mikell ( born 1960s ) is an American former basketball player .
Abdullah Al Hilali ( born January 1 , 1970 ) is an Omani association football referee for FIFA , and the Asian Football Confederation .
Liu Shiwen ( simplified Chinese : 刘诗雯 ; traditional Chinese : 劉詩雯 ; pinyin : Liú Shīwén ; born 12 April 1991 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
EC Red Bull Salzburg is a professional ice hockey team based in Salzburg , Austria , that currently plays in the Austrian Hockey League .
Nedim Yücel is a Turkish professional basketball player .
Gerard Davis ( born 25 September 1977 ) is an association football player who played for the New Zealand national football team , the All Whites .
Leigh Verstraete ( born January 6 , 1962 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a former professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League .
The Fiji Warriors , also referred to as Fiji A , is a national representative rugby team of rugby union in Fiji .
KK Dubrava is a Croatian professional basketball club from Dubrava , Zagreb .
His elder son , Truxtun Hare , jr . was also an All American football player at Yale , class of 1933 .
The Irish News Cup was a `` north - south '' association football competition in Ireland involving teams from the Irish League and League of Ireland mostly located in the north - west of the island .
The 1984 Intercontinental Cup was an association football match between Liverpool F.C. of England and Club Atlético Independiente of Argentina on 9 December 1984 at the National Stadium in Tokyo , Japan , the annual Intercontinental Cup contested between the winners of the Copa Libertadores and European Cup .
The Netherlands Davis Cup team represents the Netherlands in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Royal Dutch Lawn Tennis Association .
Gloucestershire County Cricket Club in 2004 were playing their cricket in Division One of the County Championship and totesport league .
Anna Chmelková ( née Blanáriková ; born 26 July 1944 ) is a Slovak former track and field sprinter who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 400 metres .
Denis Yachmenev ( born 6 April 1984 in Chelyabinsk , Russia ) is an ice hockey player .
Harry Golombek OBE ( 1 March 1911 -- 7 January 1995 ) , was a British chess International Master and honorary grandmaster , chess arbiter , and chess author .
Patrick Sean Payton ( born December 29 , 1963 ) is an American football coach and former player who is the current head coach of the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Movistar Team ( UCI team code : MOV ) is a professional road bicycle racing team which participates in the UCI ProTour and has achieved thirteen general classification ( GC ) victories in Grand Tours .
The 2013 Guimarães Open was a professional tennis tournament played on Hard Courts .
The 1989 FIBA Americas Championship for Women , was the first FIBA Americas Championship for Women regional basketball championship held by FIBA Americas , which also served as Americas qualifier for the 1990 FIBA World Championship for Women , granting berths to the top four teams in the final standings .
Ronde van Drenthe ( English : Tour of Drenthe ) is an elite men 's and women 's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in the Drenthe , Netherlands and sanctioned by the Royal Dutch Cycling Union .
Billy Donlon ( born February 10 , 1977 ) is an American college basketball coach and the current head coach of the Wright State University Raiders men 's basketball team in Dayton , Ohio .
Die Schwalbe is the German chess composition society and issues the bimonthly magazine Die Schwalbe .
Asnières Volley 92 is a French volleyball association based in Asnières - sur - Seine .
The Fitzroy Doncaster Cricket Club , nicknamed the Lions , play cricket in the elite club competition of Melbourne , Australia , known as Victorian Premier Cricket .
The Cleveland Infants were a one - year baseball team in the Players ' League .
Claude Ruel ( September 12 , 1938 -- February 9 , 2015 ) was a professional ice hockey coach for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Edmonton Ice were a junior ice hockey team based in Edmonton , Alberta that played two seasons in the Western Hockey League .
The 2001 Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Estoril Court Central in Oeiras in Portugal and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour and of Tier IV of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The Premier Soccer League ( PSL ) is a league competition featuring professional association football clubs from South Africa .
Williams Grand Prix Engineering Limited ( ) , currently racing in Formula One as Williams Martini Racing , is a British Formula One motor racing team and constructor .
The European Karate Federation ( EKF ) is the governing body of competitive karate in more than 50 countries across Europe .
Florent van Aubel ( born 25 October 1991 in Ghent , Belgium ) is a Belgian international field hockey player .
The 1994 Waldbaum 's Hamlet Cup was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Dustin Kohn ( born February 2 , 1987 ) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player .
Alessandro Calori ( born August 29 , 1966 in Arezzo ) is an Italian association football coach and former player , most recently in charge as head coach of Serie B club Brescia .
The John Olerud Two - Way Player of the Year Award ( known colloquially the John Olerud Award ) is a college baseball award given to the best two - way player of the season .
The Northern Cape Classic is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour .
Sharon Hambrook ( born March 28 , 1963 ) is a Canadian world champion and Olympic medalist in synchronized swimming .
Kate Starbird ( born July 30 , 1975 ) is a former professional basketball player in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) and the American Basketball League ( ABL ) .
The French Figure Skating Championships ( French : Championnat de France Elite ) is a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of France .
Stuart Wagman ( May 14 , 1919 , in New York , NY -- November 24 , 2007 , in Livorno , Italy ) was an American chess player and FIDE Master .
The 2010 European Tour is the second edition of the Race to Dubai and the 39th season of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972 .
Astra Klovāne ( born October 13 , 1944 , Baldone as Astra Ērgle ) is a former Latvian chess player .
Tony Barros ( born 3 May 1984 ) is a Cape Verdean American basketball player with the Cape Verde national basketball team and formerly at the University of Massachusetts Boston .
Basket Parma , also known as Lavezzini Parma for sponsorship reasons , is an Italian women 's basketball club from Parma playing in Serie A1 .
The WNC Women 's Championship was a professional wrestling championship owned by the Wrestling New Classic ( WNC ) promotion .
The Tour of Qatar is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Qatar .
Louis Deacon ( born 7 October 1980 in Leicester ) is a former English professional rugby union footballer .
The Penfold Tournament was a golf tournament on the European circuit / European Tour .
Emil Lundberg ( born January 11 , 1982 ) is a professional Swedish ice hockey Centre .
The 2007 Chennai Open was an ATP Tour tennis tournament held in Chennai , India from 1 January until 8 January 2007 .
The Frederikshavn White Hawks are a Danish professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league currently called the AL - Bank Ligaen .
Shawn Simpson ( born August 10 , 1968 , in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who is currently an on - air personality on TSN 1200 radio in Ottawa .
Bat - El Gatterer ( Hebrew : בת אל גטרר ; born February 4 , 1988 ) is an Israeli Olympic taekwondo athlete .
Volley Group d'Arté Averbode are a former Belgian volleyball club based in Averbode .
Orlando Calixte ( born February 3 , 1992 ) is a Dominican professional baseball shortstop who is currently is in the Kanas City Royals organization .
Beáta Hoffmann ( born June 22 , 1967 in Győr ) is a former Hungarian handball goalkeeper , World Championship silver medalist and Olympic bronze medalist .
The 2012 Champions League Twenty20 ( CLT20 ) was the fourth edition of the Champions League Twenty20 , an international Twenty20 cricket tournament .
Ivan Zoroski ( Serbian : Иван Зороски , born on July 24 , 1979 ) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player .
Craig White ( born 1969 ) is an English former first - class cricketer , and latterly cricket coach .
The 2003 FIBA European Championship , commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 2003 , was the 33rd FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship held by FIBA Europe , which also served as Europe qualifier for the 2004 Summer Olympics , giving a berth to the top three teams in the final standings .
Steve Aponavicius is an American football kicker .
Pedro Ferrándiz González ( born November 20 , 1928 in Alicante , Spain ) is a Spanish basketball coach .
The Czechoslovakian International ( also known as International Championships of the ČSSR ) in badminton was an international open held in Czechoslovakia since 1972 until 1992 .
The 2011 French Super Series was a top level badminton competition contested from October 25 , 2011 to October 30 , 2011 in Paris , France .
The Malta International in badminton was an international open held in Malta since 1971 until 1992 .
Andrea Trinchieri ( born August 6 , 1967 ) is an Italian professional basketball coach .
Bettina Fulco ( born October 23 , 1968 ) is a retired Argentine professional women 's tennis player .
The Vuelta a Cuba ( English : Tour of Cuba ) was a multi - day road bicycle racing stage race held annually each February in Cuba .
The World Basketball Association , often abbreviated to the WBA , is a semi - professional men 's spring basketball league in the United States .
Boitsfort Rugby Club is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League .
The 2005 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy was the 4th Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy , an English county cricket tournament , held between 3 May and 3 September 2005 .
Humphrey Hose ( born 4 May 1947 ) is a former professional tennis player from Curaçao who represented Venezuela in the Davis Cup .
Per Thomas Rundqvist ( born 4 May 1960 in Vimmerby , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey player and now sporting director of Färjestads BK .
The Erie Otters are a Major junior ice hockey team based in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Junior Aumavae ( born April 29 , 1986 ) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent .
Trent Lockett ( born December 10 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Dolomiti Energia Trento of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball for Arizona State and Marquette .
Đào Thiên Hải ( born 10 May 1978 in Sa Đéc ) is a Vietnamese chess player and trainer .
The 2013 Washington Nationals season was the Nationals ' ninth season for the baseball franchise of Major League Baseball in the District of Columbia , the sixth season at Nationals Park , and the 45th since the original team was started in Montreal , Canada .
The ATP World Tour Masters 1000 is a series of nine tennis tournaments that are part of the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) tour , held annually throughout the year in Europe , North America and Asia .
Nick Youngquest ( born 28 July 1983 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian model and former professional rugby league footballer .
The Franz Beckenbauer Cup is an annual friendly association football match named in honour of Franz Beckenbauer .
Eugene Perelshteyn ( born 1980 ) is a chess grandmaster and author .
Poulomi Ghatak ( Bengali : পৌলমী ঘটক ) , born 3 Jan 1983 , a table tennis player from West Bengal , India .
Mike Cortez ( born November 10 , 1980 ) is a Filipino - American professional basketball player who will play for the Blackwater Elite in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Doug Flach ( born August 10 , 1970 , in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a former tennis player from the United States .
Dallas Johnson ( born 23 November 1982 in Atherton , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .
The 2006 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Sydney Swans and West Coast Eagles , held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 30 September 2006 .
Albert Parsells ( 1918 - 1954 ) was an American polo player .
The Scottish Claymores were an American football team based in Scotland .
Hugo López Muñoz ( born July 29 , 1975 ) is a Spanish basketball coach , currently serving as the head coach for the Halifax Hurricanes of the National Basketball League of Canada ( NBL ) .
The 2008 FIBA Africa Women 's Clubs Champions Cup ( 14th edition ) , was an international basketball tournament held in Nairobi , Kenya , from November 20 to 29 , 2008 .
Andrea Lo Cicero Vaina ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈdrɛa lo ˈtʃitʃero ) ; born Catania , 7 May 1976 ) is an Italian rugby union footballer .
Valeriy Neverov ( Russian : Валерий Неверов ; Ukrainian : Валерій Невєров ; born 21 June 1964 in Kharkiv ) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster ( 1991 ) and Ukrainian champion in 1983 , 1985 , 1988 and 1996 .
The Manitoba Hockey Association ( MHA ) was an early men 's senior ice hockey league playing around 1900 in Manitoba , Canada .
A.C. Orestias ( full name Athletic Club of Orestias/ Greek : Αθλητικός Όμιλος Ορεστιάδας ) is a Greek volleyball club based in Orestias .
The European Curling Championships are annual curling tournaments held in Europe between various European nations .
Christos Tapoutos ( Greek : Χρήστος Ταπούτος ; born September 21 , 1982 ) is a Greek professional basketball player who currently plays for Kavala of the Greek Basket League .
Stéphanie Foretz ( born on 3 May 1981 ) is a French tennis player .
Nicolás Valansi ( Hebrew : ניקולס ולנסי‎ ; born 11 April 1979 ) is an Argentine - Israeli association football player who plays for Sportivo Chimichurri .
Kent Steffes ( born June 23 , 1968 in Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is a former professional beach volleyball player .
Aleksandar Todorov ( Macedonian : Александар Тодоров ; born July 17 , 1973 in Skopje , Macedonia ) is a Macedonian basketball coach .
The Maroubra Lions is a community rugby league football club located in Maroubra , in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney , Australia .
The Chess Olympiad is a biennial chess tournament in which teams from all over the world compete .
Robert Early Strawbridge , Jr. ( November 17 , 1896 - March 6 , 1986 ) was an American polo champion and chairman of the United States Polo Association .
Eddie Ockenden is an Australian field hockey player .
Mike Marcinkiewicz ( born January 26 , 1966 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and is the current head coach of the University of Florida 's ice hockey team .
Levan Moseshvili ( Georgian : ლევან მოსეშვილი ; Russian : Леван Мосешвили ; born 23 May 1940 ) is a retired Georgian basketball player .
Adolphe Silbert was a French chess master .
Arman Zangeneh ( Persian : آرمان زنگنه ‎‎ , born June 15 , 1993 ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
Nicolas Kiefer ( born 5 July 1977 ) , is a former German professional tennis player .
Katrine Fruelund ( born July 12 , 1978 in Randers , Midtjylland ) is a former Danish team handball player and Olympic champion .
The 1996 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Filderstadt Tennis Centre in Filderstadt in Germany that was part of Tier II of the 1996 WTA Tour .
Laine Selwyn ( born May 16 , 1981 ) is an American professional women 's basketball player with Maccabi Ashdod ( women 's basketball ) .
Vincent Grier ( born March 14 , 1983 ) is an American former college basketball player for the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers .
The 2012 If Stockholm Open was a professional men 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Espen Lie Hansen ( born 1 March 1989 ) is a Norwegian handball player for A1 Bregenz HB and the Norway 's national team .
The Dayton Bombers were an ECHL ice hockey team located in Dayton , Ohio .
Andrej Kravárik ( born 28 July 1971 in Piešťany , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak - Greek former volleyball player and current volleyball coach .
The 2007 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2007 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA , held at Clark - LeClair Stadium in Greenville , North Carolina from May 23 - -
The 1875 Scottish Cup Final was the 2nd final of Scottish football 's most prestigious knockout association football competition , the Scottish Cup .
Nadav Henefeld ( Hebrew : נדב הנפלד ; born June 19 , 1968 ) is a former Israeli basketball player .
The 1999 Open Gaz de France was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hardcourts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Kaii Yoshida ( Japanese : 吉田 海偉 ; Chinese : 宋海伟 ; pinyin : Song Haiwei ) ( born 16 May 1981 ) is a Chinese - Japanese table tennis player who is ranked among the top fifty athletes in his sport .
International rules football ( Irish : Peil na rialacha idirnáisiunta ; also known as inter rules in Australia and compromise rules in Ireland ) is a team sport consisting of a hybrid of football codes , which was developed to facilitate international representative matches between Australian rules football players and Gaelic football players .
Martin Jágr ( born 29 September 1979 in Prague ) is a Czech rugby union footballer .
John Tomac ( born November 3 , 1967 , in Owosso , Michigan ) is an American retired professional cyclist who competed in multiple disciplines in road racing and mountain biking during a successful senior career that spanned twenty years .
A.C. Trento S.C.S.D. ( also nicknamed i Gialloblu or gli Aquilotti ) is an Italian association football , and the major football club in Trento , Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol .
Alberto David ( born 26 March 1970 in Milan ) is a Luxembourgian - Italian chess grandmaster .
He is the owner and operator of Scam Surfing , Inc. Chris Davidson representing scam surfing was the # 1 contender for the 2010 Rip Curl Pro in Bells Beach .
The Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) is Australia 's top - level ice hockey league .
Paolo Lorenzi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːolo loˈrɛntsi ) ; born 15 December 1981 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian professional tennis player , and current Italian No . 3 .
The Kuwait women 's national football team , represents Kuwait in international women 's association football and is governed by Kuwait Football Association ( KFA ) .
Rugby Viadana is an Italian rugby union club based in Viadana ( province of Mantua , Lombardy ) .
Sébastien Sejean ( born October 31 , 1983 , in France ) is an American football safety for the Reading Express of the Indoor Football League .
Bristol Rugby is a rugby union club based in Bristol , England .
Erik Sebastian Collberg ( born February 23 , 1994 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger , currently playing for the Bridgeport Sound Tigers of the American Hockey League as a prospect for the New York Islanders in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The 2015 Davis Cup was the 104th edition of the Davis Cup , a tournament between national teams in men 's tennis .
Merel Mooren ( born September 22 , 1982 ) is a Dutch professional beach volleyball and indoor volleyball player born in Haarlem .
The Wade Trophy is an award presented annually to the best women 's basketball player in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I competition .
Đorđe Simeunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Симеуновић , born 26 April 1995 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player , currently playing as a swingman for Mega Leks of the Basketball League of Serbia .
The 2009 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2008 - 2009 figure skating season .
Paul - Ausserleitner - Schanze ( `` Paul Ausserleitner Hill '' ) was opened in 1941 , and re - built in 2003 , and is a ski jumping venue in Bischofshofen , Austria .
The Melbourne Harlequins Rugby Union Club is an Australian rugby union team formed in 1928 .
Juha Ikonen ( born June 7 , 1970 ) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey player , who last played in 2002 .
Derrick Walton , Jr. ( born April 3 , 1995 ) is an American college basketball player for The University of Michigan where he is playing his junior season for the 2015 - -16 team .
Saleh Foroutannik ( Persian : صالح فروتن‌نیک ‎‎ , born 1994 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
The Dapto Canaries are an Australian rugby league football team based in the Wollongong suburb of Dapto .
The Memorial Tournament is a PGA Tour golf tournament , founded 39 years ago in 1976 by Jack Nicklaus .
Vincent Tremblay ( born October 21 , 1959 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 58 games in the National Hockey League .
Justin Mensah - Coker ( born November 18 , 1983 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian rugby union player who plays internationally with the Canadian national team .
Astrid Suurbeek ( born 15 February 1947 , Amsterdam ) is a former Dutch tennis player who was mainly active in the late sixties .
CSP Izmailovo ( Russian : ЦСП Измайлово ) , formerly ShVSM Izmailovo , was a women 's association football club based in Moscow , Russia .
Andrius Šležas ( February 4 , 1975 in Joniškis ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player .
The A.S.D. Rugby Reggio , also known as Rugby Reggio , is an Italian professional rugby union team .
The 2007 UEFA Champions League Final was an association football match between A.C. Milan of Italy and Liverpool F.C. of England on 23 May 2007 at the Olympic Stadium , Athens , Greece .
The Charlotte Hounds are a Major League Lacrosse ( MLL ) professional men 's field lacrosse franchise that began play in the 2012 MLL season .
Mirco Müller ( also spelled Mirco Mueller , born 21 March 1995 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman .
The 2008 Tour of Missouri is the second annual edition of a professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Missouri .
The CONCACAF Under-20 Championship is the second longest running international association football event in the North America , Central America and the Caribbean region , CONCACAF , and is the qualification tournament for the FIFA U-20 World Cup .
Stephen Noteboom ( born July 31 , 1969 , in Geldrop , Netherlands ) , is a former professional tennis player from the Netherlands .
Anke Huber ( born 4 December 1974 ) is a German retired professional tennis player .
The `` Immortal Losing Game '' is a chess game between the Soviet grandmaster David Bronstein and the Polish International Master Bogdan Śliwa played in 1957 in Gotha .
Jamie Adams ( born 26 August 1987 in Stranraer , Scotland ) is a Scottish professional association football player who plays for Scottish League One side Ayr United .
Nikita Tregubov ( Russian : Никита Трегубов ; born 14 February 1995 in Krasnoyarsk ) is a Russian skeleton racer .
The Classic All Blacks is a rugby union team made up of former New Zealand Rugby ( Mens ) representatives .
The 2000 Trophée Lalique was a figure skating competition held in Paris , France from November 23 to 26 .
MyFootballClub is an English Industrial and Provident Society that sought , starting in August 2007 , to recruit at least 50,000 football enthusiasts from across the world to purchase an English association football club .
The 1986 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Hawthorn Football Club and the Carlton Football Club .
Junthy Valenzuela ( born June 5 , 1979 in Bogo , Cebu ) is a Filipino former basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association , a former Red Bull Barako player .
Asseco Gdynia is a Polish professional basketball team , based in Gdynia .
The `` Grand Slam Cup '' was a tennis tournament held annually at the Olympiahalle in Munich in Germany from 1990 through 1999 .
Van Merksteijn Motorsport is a Dutch motorsport company active in both circuit racing and rallying .
Christophe Negrel ( born May 25 , 1977 in Marseille ) is a French taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the men 's welterweight category .
Etoile Sportive Prisse Macon is a French professional basketball team located in Prissé , France .
Siverino A. Baclao , Jr. better known as Nonoy Baclao ( born June 15 , 1987 in Bacolod City , Negros Occidental ) is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
The Johnstown Chiefs were a minor league ice hockey team located in Johnstown , Pennsylvania that played in the ECHL .
Bradley Sheridan ( born 19 February 1980 , in Melbourne , Victoria ) is an Australian basketball player who used to play in the NBL .
København Håndbold ( Copenhagen Handball ) is a Danish handball club from Copenhagen , Denmark .
The 1980 WAFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the South Fremantle Football Club and the Swan Districts Football Club , on 27 September 1980 at Subiaco Oval , to determine the premier team of the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) for the 1980 season .
The Turk , also known as the Mechanical Turk or Automaton Chess Player ( German : Schachtürke , `` chess Turk '' ; Hungarian : A Török ) , was a fake chess - playing machine constructed in the late 18th century .
The American Chess Bulletin was a chess periodical that was published monthly ( November - April ) and bi - monthly ( May - October ) from 1904 to 1963 .
North County Cricket Club is a cricket club in Balrothery , County Dublin , Ireland , playing in Division 1 of the Leinster Senior League .
The Central Coast Rhinos are a semi - professional ice hockey team based in Erina , New South Wales , Australia .
Whitley Warriors are an ice hockey team based in Whitley Bay in the north east of England .
David Registe ( born 2 May 1988 ) is a US - born athlete representing Dominica in the long jump .
The Colorado Springs Sky Sox are a minor league baseball team in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
The Canberra Knights were a semi - professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) .
Linfield Rangers F.C. is the current youth team of Linfield F.C. who play in the IFA Premiership the highest level of association football in Northern Ireland .
HC La Chaux - de - Fonds is a Swiss professional ice hockey team .
The 2004 European Cricket Championship Division One was a cricket tournament hosted by the Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond ( Royal Dutch Cricket Association ) , with matches being staged in Deventer , Rotterdam and Utrecht .
Aki Rahunen ( born 24 December 1971 ) is a former professional tennis player from Finland .
Montpellier Hérault Rugby ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.pə.lje eʁo ʁʊɡbi klʊb ) ) ( In Occitan : Montpelhièr Erau Rugbi Club ) is a professional French rugby union , based in Montpellier , the capital of Languedoc - Roussillon .
The 1997 Chennai Open , known for sponsorship reasons as the 1997 Gold Flake Open , was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai , India .
A stranger interrupts a beach volleyball game and offering the player to join the `` Ocean Beach Volley '' worldwide tournament , to play against the best from eight other countries .
Anthony Jay Washington Vea ( born November 10 , 1981 ) is a Filipino - American professional basketball that plays for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the PBA .
The 1980 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played at the Capital Centre in Landover , Maryland , on February 3 , 1980 .
Dmitry Kochkin ( Russian : Дми́трий Ко́чкин ; born 25 April 1934 in Kirov ) was a former Soviet Nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1960s .
Nevena Lukic ( born August 16 , 1981 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the women 's flyweight category .
Luigi Mastrangelo ( born August 17 , 1975 in Mottola , Italy ) is an Italian men 's volleyball player , a member of Italy men 's national volleyball team , silver and bronze medalist of the Olympic Games , multiple winner of the European Championship and World League .
Special figures were a component of figure skating in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
The Halloween Gambit ( also known as the Müller -- Schulze Gambit or Leipzig Gambit ) is an aggressive chess opening gambit in which White sacrifices a knight early - on for a single pawn .
Borgosesia Calcio is an Italian association football club , based in Borgosesia , Piedmont .
The 1920 Hammond Pros season was the franchise 's inaugural season in the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) and second as an American football team .
The IIHF World Ranking is a ranking of the performance of the national ice hockey teams of member countries of the International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) .
The South East Hockey League was a minor ice hockey league formed in August 2003 .
Charles Olemus ( born February 16 , 1947 ) was a Haitian track and field athlete who competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal .
The TV Pforzheim is a German rugby union club from Pforzheim , currently playing in the Rugby - Bundesliga , having won promotion to the league in 2011 .
The Oslo Open was a women 's professional tennis tournament held in Oslo , Norway .
The 2010 State of Origin series was the 29th year that the annual best - of - three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was played entirely under ' state of origin ' selection rules .
Florian Rousseau 's win in the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , USA , started a golden period for French track cycling that lasted four years .
Macleod Football Club is an Australian rules football club in Rosanna , Victoria , currently competing in Division 1 of the Northern Football League .
The Ravensburg Towerstars , also known as EV Ravensburg , are a professional ice hockey team based in Ravensburg , Germany , and one of the oldest clubs in the country .
Romain Millo - Chluski ( born 20 April 1983 in Ris - Orangis , Essonne ) is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition .
Meelis Kanep ( born 27 May 1983 ) is an Estonian chess grandmaster .
Circuit Ricardo Tormo , also known as Circuit de Valencia and officially named Circuit de la Comunitat Valenciana Ricardo Tormo , is a motorsport race track located in Cheste ( Valencia , Spain ) and built in 1999 .
Solna Vikings is a Swedish basketball club that has played in the Swedish men 's top division , the Swedish Basketball League .
The Basil D'Oliveira Trophy is a trophy played for by England and South Africa in the sport of cricket .
Johan Anderson ( born 29 September 1971 in Västerås , Sweden ) is an Australian former tennis player .
Ariel Rittenhouse ( born December 9 , 1990 in Menlo Park , California ) is an American diving athlete .
Marion Bartoli ( French : ( maʁjɔ̃ baʁtɔli ) ; born 2 October 1984 ) is a French former professional tennis player .
Marek Pinc ( born March 20 , 1979 in Most , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech ice hockey player , playing currently for Yertis Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship .
Frank Rommel ( born 30 July 1984 in Suhl ) is a German retired skeleton racer who has competed since 2002 .
Henri Rochon ( 12 March 1924 -- 5 February 2005 ) was a Canadian National tennis champion and Davis Cup tennis player .
Robert Reichel ( born June 25 , 1971 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey centre and coach .
Zauralie Kurgan ( Хоккейный клуб `` Зауралье '' Курган ) is an ice hockey team in Kurgan , Kurgan Oblast , Russia .
Irakli Abuseridze ( Georgian : ირაკლი აბუსერიძე , pronounced ( irakʼli abusɛrid͡zɛ ) ; born in Tbilisi on November 25 , 1977 ) is a Georgian rugby union footballer .
Jerranat Nakaviroj ( born January 28 , 1990 ) is a Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the bronze medalist at the 2013 World Taekwondo Championships in the men 's finweight ( under 54 kg ) class .
The Australian Open is a major tennis tournament held annually over the last fortnight of January in Melbourne , Australia .
Harun Erdenay ( born 27 May 1968 in Ankara ) ( Nickname : `` Pegasus '' ) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and President of the Turkish Basketball Federation .
ŽNK Ombla is a Croatian women 's association football club based in Dubrovnik .
Todd Brost ( born September 23 , 1967 ) is a former Canadian ice hockey player and head coach .
Worcester Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located in the city of Worcester , Worcestershire , England .
The 2005 Trophée Éric Bompard was a figure skating competition held in Paris , France .
Cyril Julian ( born 29 March 1974 in Castres , Tarn ) was a French men 's professional basketball player .
Luís Galego ( born in Porto , Portugal , 25 April 1966 ) is a Portuguese chess grandmaster .
Theodore R. Hostetter ( 1870 - 1902 ) was an American heir , businessman , polo player and yachtsman during the Gilded Age .
The 2006 Tri Nations Series , an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia , New Zealand and South Africa , marked the tenth anniversary of the original competition .
The Guatemala national football team is the association football team representing the country of Guatemala and is controlled by the Federación Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala .
Robin van Kampen ( born November 14 , 1994 ) is a Dutch chess grandmaster and prodigy .
The Huntsville Rockets were a professional American football team based in Huntsville , Alabama , from 1962 through 1966 .
The 2012 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2011 - 2012 figure skating season .
The FC Gundelfingen is a German association football club from Gundelfingen an der Donau , Bavaria .
The 1994 Rosmalen Grass Court Championships , also known as Continental Grass Court Championships for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's ATP - tennis tournament held in Rosmalen , Netherlands .
The Antwerp Diamonds are an amateur American football team based in Antwerp . The Diamonds are currently members of the Flemish American Football League ( FAFL ) conference in the Belgian Football League ( BFL ) .
The Confederation of African Football ( CAF , /ˈkæf/ ; French : Confédération Africaine de Football ; Arabic : الإتحاد الأفريقي لكرة القدم‎ ) is the administrative and controlling body for African association football .
Steffon Armitage ( born 20 September 1985 in San Fernando , Trinidad ) is an English professional rugby union player for RC Toulon in the Top 14 .
The Sluitingsprijs Oostmalle is a cyclo - cross race held in Oostmalle , Belgium , which is part of the BPost Bank Trophy until 2014 .
VTB United League ( Russian : Единая Лига ВТБ ) is an international professional basketball league that was founded in 2008 .
Engel Stadium is currently leased by the city and county to Tennessee Temple for their baseball team , who have played their home games at Engel since 2000 .
Kent Forsberg ( born September 12 , 1947 ) is a Swedish ice hockey coach .
The Korisliiga is the top league of professional basketball in Finland , comprising the top 11 teams of the country .
Iciss Tillis ( born December 6 , 1981 ) is an American professional women 's basketball player .
Martin Wostenholme ( born October 11 , 1962 in Toronto ) is a former touring professional tennis and Canadian Davis Cup player .
Austin Spitler ( born October 26 , 1986 ) is an American football linebacker that is a free agent .
Conor Boffeli ( born August 29 , 1991 ) is an American football guard who currently plays for the Cleveland Browns .
Cody Franson ( born August 8 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman currently with the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Lesley Charles ( born 15 July 1952 , in Worcester , England ) is a former British international tennis player .
The Noble Park Football Club is an Australian rules football club that fields teams in both the seniors and juniors of the Eastern Football League .
Lamar Myles ( born January 7 , 1986 in Winter Haven , Florida ) is a former American football linebacker .
Sardis Road is a rugby union stadium situated in Pontypridd , Wales .
Michelle Steele ( born 8 March 1986 in Gladstone , Queensland ) is an Australian skeleton racer who has competed since 2004 .
Bristol Sonics are a rugby league club based in Bristol in the South West of England .
Captain John Pitt Dening ( 1894 - April 9 , 1929 ) was a soldier and British India champion polo player .
The organization is headquartered in Daytona Beach , Florida , and is best known for running the LPGA Tour , a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world .
The 2009 Men 's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the 12th edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship field hockey championship .
Matej Gaber ( born 22 July 1991 ) is a Slovenian professional handball player , currently playing for Montpellier .
The Motor City Mechanics were a professional ice hockey team of the United Hockey League .
Lorne Ward ( born 16 February 1977 in South Africa ) is a former rugby union prop who played for London Welsh , Harlequins , Bath & Toulon .
Leicester Tigers ( officially Leicester Football Club ) is an English rugby union club based in Leicester , England that plays in the Aviva Premiership .
Sergei Shipov ( born April 17 , 1966 in Murom ) is a Russian chess grandmaster with a peak FIDE rating of 2662 ( No . 23 in the world on the January 1999 list ) , chess journalist and author .
The 2005 Tri Nations Series , an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia , New Zealand and South Africa , was the tenth in the series .
Sylvia Crawley ( born September 27 , 1972 in Steubenville , Ohio , U.S. ) is an American former professional women 's basketball forward , licensed minister and motivational speaker .
The RSM Classic is a golf tournament on the PGA Tour , played in the autumn in Georgia .
Ha Jung - eun ( born April 26 , 1987 in Busan ) is a women 's doubles and mixed doubles badminton player from South Korea .
Maurice Germot ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔʁis ʒɛʁmo ) ; 15 November 1882 -- 6 August 1958 ) was a French tennis player and Olympic champion .
Czech Hockey Games , previously Kajotbet Hockey Games and Česká Pojišťovna Cup , is an annual ice hockey event held in Czech Republic .
Grand Prix Chantal Biya is a professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Cameroon and sponsored by the Fédération Camerounaise de Cyclisme / Ateba Koungou .
The ATP Montevideo was a men 's tennis tournament played in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Patrick Cazal ( born 1971 ) is a French team handball player .
Greg Jacina ( born May 22 , 1982 in Guelph , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Winger currently playing with the Nottingham Panthers in the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
The Telugu Warriors ( abbreviated as TW ) are a cricket franchise based in the states of Telangana & Andhra Pradesh that plays in the Celebrity Cricket League ( CCL ) .
Sydney Howard Smith ( 3 February 1872 -- 27 March 1947 ) was a British tennis and badminton player .
Tszyu vs. Mitchell II was a boxing fight that took place on November 6 , 2004 at the Glendale Arena , in Glendale , Arizona , United States .
John Henrion ( born January 19 , 1991 ) is an American professional ice hockey center playing the end of the 2013 - 2014 season for Sport in Finland 's second highest league Mestis .
The City Academy Bristol Storm are a British basketball team based in Bristol .
Ajeeb was a chess - playing `` automaton '' , created by Charles Hooper ( a cabinet maker ) , first presented at the Royal Polytechnical Institute in 1868 .
PNC Field , formerly Lackawanna County Stadium ( 1989 - -2006 ) , is a 10,000-seat minor league baseball stadium located in Moosic , Pennsylvania .
Pallacanestro Olimpia Milano , also known as EA7 Emporio Armani Milano after its title sponsor ( alternative names : Pallacanestro Olimpia Milan , EA7 Emporio Armani Milan ) , is a Lega Basket Italian professional basketball team , based in Milan , Italy .
The 2000 OFC Nations Cup Final was an association football match between Australia and New Zealand at Stade Pater in Papeete , Tahiti on 28 June 2000 .
The London 10,000 is an annual road running event over 10 km which takes place in late May in London , United Kingdom .
Irving Falú ( born June 6 , 1983 ) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball infielder who is a free agent .
HV71 , often referred to as just HV , is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in Jönköping , playing in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ; formerly Elitserien ) , the top tier of Swedish ice hockey .
Mike McCall , Jr. ( born June 16 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Deportivo Quevedo of the Liga Ecuatoriana de Baloncesto ( LEB ) .
Alexander Osipenko ( Осипенко , Александр Викторович ; born December 29 , 1984 ) is a Russian ice hockey player .
The 1992 IBF World Junior Championships was an international badminton tournament held in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Hippolyt Kempf ( born December 10 , 1965 in Lucerne ) is a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s .
The Hockey Champions Trophy is an international field hockey tournament held by the International Hockey Federation .
Sun Beibei ( simplified Chinese : 孙蓓蓓 ; traditional Chinese : 孫蓓蓓 ; pinyin : Sūn Bèi Bèi ; born 28 January 1984 in Shandong , China ) is a Singaporean table tennis player .
The 2000 FAI Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1999 - 2000 FAI Cup , the national association football cup of Ireland .
The Damiano Defence is a chess opening beginning with the moves : e4 e5 Nf3 f6 ?
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise located in the Miami metropolitan area .
Robert Ormond , better known as Bert Ormond , is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Djurgårdens IF Bandy is the bandy department of Swedish sports club Djurgårdens IF , located in Stockholm .
Michael Burtscher ( born March 8 , 1985 ) , also known as Mike Burtscher , is a Filipino - Swiss professional basketball player who last played for the Kia Carnival in Philippine Basketball Association .
GPS Rugby Club , colloquially known as Jeeps , is an Australian rugby union club based at Ashgrove in Brisbane that plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition .
Malek Jaziri ( Arabic : مالك الجزيري Mālik al - Jazīrī ) ( born January 20 , 1984 ) is a professional Tunisian tennis player .
Club Egara is a field hockey club from Terrassa ( Catalonia , Spain ) .
Royal Oaks Golf Club is an 18-hole par 72 links style golf club .
The 1976 UEFA Cup Final were association football matches played over two - legs between Liverpool of England and Club Brugge of Belgium on 28 April 1976 and 19 May 1976 at Anfield , Liverpool and the Olympiastadion , Brugge .
Paul Kaine Robertson ( born 29 October 1980 in Auckland ) is a rugby union player from New Zealand who plays rugby union for Viadana , and international rugby for Italy .
Ashley Fisher ( born 25 September 1975 ) is a professional tennis player who comes from New South Wales in Australia .
The 2010 ICC Women 's World Twenty20 was an international Twenty20 cricket tournament which was held in the West Indies from 5 May to 16 May 2010 .
Anton Rudoy ( Russian : Антон Владимирович Рудой ; born 21 February 1983 in Almaty ) is a Kazakhstani rugby union player .
The 2012 Aegon Championships ( also known traditionally as the Queen 's Club Championships ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts .
The 2013 African Handball Champions League was the 35th edition , organized by the African Handball Confederation , under the auspices of the International Handball Federation , the handball sport governing body .
Evald Tipner ( 13 March 1906 -- 18 July 1947 ) was Estonian football , ice hockey and bandy player .
Martin Laumann Ylven ( born December 22 , 1988 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward .
The 2011 Baseball World Cup was an international baseball tournament held from October 1 to October 15 , 2011 .
Dimitrios Mavroeidis ( alternate spellings : Dimitris , Mavroidis ) ( Greek : Δημήτρης Μαυροειδής ; born July 4 , 1985 ) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for AEK Athens .
Chang Chien - ming ( Chinese : 張建銘 ; born July 27 , 1980 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays with the EDA Rhinos in the Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Grant Golden ( born August 21 , 1929 , in Wilmette , Illinois ) was an American amateur tennis player in the 1940s and 1950s .
Alberto Corbacho de la Cruz ( born October 1 , 1984 in Palma , Spain ) is a Spanish professional basketball player , who is currently playing with Laboral Kutxa in the Spanish League .
Ulf Andersson ( born 27 June 1951 in Västerås , Sweden ) is a leading Swedish chess player .
Mario Hopenhaym ( born March 8 , 1926 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ; younger brother of Benjamin Rafael Hopenhayn ) is a retired Uruguayan basketball referee .
Royal Free , University College and Middlesex Medical Students RFC is the rugby union club for UCL Medical School , which is part of the University of London .
Ilya Dubkov ( born February 17 , 1972 ) is a Russian ice hockey center forward who has spent most of his career playing in Scandinavian leagues , and is currently the Norwegian team Rosenborg IK 's captain .
The silver sharpjaw bonefish ( Albula argentea ) is a species of marine fish found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean .
Victor Ivanovich Nikitin,(Russian : Виктор Иванович Никитин ) , was a Soviet tenor soloist of the Alexandrov Ensemble , born in Syzran 12 February 1911 and died in Moscow 6 January 1994 .
Ingeborg Danz ( born 1961 in Witten ) is a German mezzo - soprano and alto concert singer .
Gran Wilson is an American operatic lyric tenor .
Reinald Werrenrath ( August 7 , 1883 -- September 12 , 1953 ) was an American baritone opera singer , who also recorded popular songs and appeared regularly on radio in the early decades of the twentieth century .
Jeannine Altmeyer ( 2 May 1948 , Pasadena , California ) is an American soprano who had a prolific international opera career during the 1970s through the 1990s .
Sarah Fox ( born 19 September 1973 ) is an English operatic soprano who has performed at several of the world 's leading opera houses , notably the Royal Opera House Covent Garden .
Julian Gavin ( born 1965 ) is an Australian - born operatic tenor who has sung leading roles both in the United Kingdom and internationally .
Irma Reichová ( 14 March 1859 -- 5 June 1930 ) was a Czech operatic soprano who had an active career appearing in European opera houses during the latter half of the nineteenth century .
Ilse Hollweg ( 23 February 1922 -- 9 February 1990 ) was a German operatic coloratura soprano .
Gregory Kunde ( February 24 , 1954 , Kankakee , Illinois ) is an American operatic tenor particularly associated with the French and Italian repertoires .
Esther Réthy ( 22 October 1912 -- 28 January 2004 ) was a Hungarian operatic soprano who had a major career in Europe from 1934 through 1968 .
Dame Nellie Melba GBE ( 19 May 1861 -- 23 February 1931 ) , born Helen Porter Mitchell , was an Australian operatic soprano .
Margherita Roberti is an American operatic soprano who had an active international career that spanned from 1948 to 1988 .
Donald Gramm ( February 26 , 1927 -- June 2 , 1983 ) was an American bass - baritone whose career was divided between opera and concert performances .
Ian Bostridge CBE ( born 25 December 1964 ) is an English tenor , well known for his performances as an opera and lieder singer .
Thiago Arancam ( born 6 February 1982 , São Paulo ) is an Italian - Brazilian lirico spinto tenor .
Radmila Smiljanić is a Serbian classical soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since 1965 .
Helena Tattermuschová ( born June 28 , 1933 ) is a Czech lyric coloratura soprano , known chiefly for her character roles in the operas of Mozart and Janáček .
Alexander Girardi ( pronounced ( dʒiˈrardi ) ) ( 5 December 1850 -- 20 April 1918 ) was an Austrian actor and tenor singer in operettas .
Louise - Rosalie Lefebvre ( 18 June 1755 -- 22 September 1821 ) , also known as Madame Dugazon , was a French operatic mezzo - soprano , actress and dancer .
Frieda Hempel ( 26 June 1885 -- 7 October 1955 ) was a German soprano singer in operatic and concert work who had an international career in Europe and the United States .
Stanislav Leontiev ( Russian : Станислав Леонтьев ) is a Russian operatic tenor who was born in Leningrad .
Joseph Shore ( born 16 April 1948 ) is a retired American operatic baritone and voice teacher .
Amalie Materna ( born Amalia , later Amalie Friedrich - Materna ) ( 10 July 1844 St. Georgen in der Steiermark - 18 January 1918 Vienna ) was an Austrian operatic soprano .
Emilia Goggi , also known as Emilia Goggi - Marcovaldi , ( 10 October 1817 -- 29 August 1857 ) was an Italian operatic mezzo - soprano who sang in the leading opera houses of Italy as well as in Spain .
Marina Poplavskaya ( Russian : Марина Поплавская ; born 1977 ) is a Russian operatic soprano .
Krassimira Stoyanova ( Красимира Стоянова ) ( born Veliko Tarnovo , 16 August 1962 ) is a Bulgarian soprano .
Quinn Weng ( Chinese : 翁碩瑜 , born April 20 , 1979 ) is a Taiwanese - Canadian mezzo - soprano singer and is the lead vocalist of the power metal band Seraphim .
Diana Haller ( born 11 November 1986 ) is a Croatian mezzo - soprano and active in opera , oratorio , and recital .
Dwayne Croft is an American baritone who has sung in more than 300 performances in 25 roles at the Metropolitan Opera .
Barbara Hendricks ( born November 20 , 1948 ) is an African - American operatic soprano and concert singer .
Rachel Zeffira is a Canadian soprano , composer , and multi - instrumentalist currently based in London , England .
Ángela Peralta ( 6 July 1845 -- Mexico City -- 30 August 1883 , Mazatlán ) ( baptised María de los Ángeles Manuela Tranquilina Cirila Efrena Peralta Castera ) was an operatic soprano of international fame and a leading figure in the operatic life of 19th - century Mexico .
Nelly Miricioiu ( born 31 March 1952 ) is a Romanian - British operatic soprano singing a large repertoire ranging from bel canto to verismo .
Mario Lanza ( born Alfred Arnold Cocozza ; January 31 , 1921 -- October 7 , 1959 ) was an American tenor , actor and Hollywood film star of the late 1940s and the 1950s .
Zheng Cao ( July 9 , 1966 -- February 21 , 2013 ) was a Chinese - born , American operatic mezzo - soprano known for her signature role of Suzuki in Madama Butterfly .
Xiomara Alfaro ( born May 11 , 1930 in Havana ) is a Cuban coloratura soprano .
Jean - Étienne - Auguste Massol ( also known as Eugène Massol ) ( 23 August 1802 - 30 October 1887 ) was a French operatic tenor and later baritone who sang in the world premieres of many French operas .
Igor Gorin ( October 26 , 1904 -- March 24 , 1982 ) was an Austrian baritone and music teacher .
Hildegard Ranczak ( Vítkovice , 20 December 1895 - Vienna , February 1987 ) was a Bohemian operatic soprano , particularly associated with Richard Strauss roles , and largely based in Germany .
Michael Pospíšil ( born 1962 ) is a classical bass , specialising in historically informed performance .
Joan Morris , ( born February 10 , 1943 ) is a mezzo - soprano , Born in Portland , Oregon , she is one half of the famous musical duo of Bolcom and Morris .
Della Jones ( 13 April 1946 ) , is a Welsh mezzo - soprano , particularly well known for her interpretations of works by Handel , Mozart , Rossini , Donizetti , and Britten .
Tony Poncet ( December 23 , 1918 - November 13 , 1979 ) was a Spanish - born , French - raised opera tenor .
Flora Woodman was a Scottish soprano singer popular for her London concert performances in the first decades of the twentieth century .
Judith Beckmann ( born May 10 , 1935 in Jamestown , North Dakota ) is an American - German soprano .
Mario Del Monaco ( 27 July 1915 -- 16 October 1982 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who earned worldwide acclaim for his powerful voice .
Peter Mattei ( born 3 June 1965 ) is a Swedish operatic baritone , particularly known for his performances in Mozart 's baritone roles .
Ana James is a soprano born in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Marcel Claudel ( Courcelles , Hainaut ) was a Belgian operatic tenor .
Shirley Verrett ( May 31 , 1931 -- November 5 , 2010 ) was an African - American operatic mezzo - soprano who successfully transitioned into soprano roles , i.e. soprano sfogato .
Harry van der Kamp ( born 1947 in Kampen ) is a Dutch bass singer in opera and concert .
Karin Ott ( born December 13 , 1945 ) is a Swiss operatic coloratura soprano .
Ruby Helder ( March 3 , 1890 -- 1938 ) was a British opera singer known for her powerful contralto voice .
Helge Rosvaenge ( Roswaenge , Rosvænge ) , Helge Anton Rosenvinge Hansen , ( August 29 , 1897 -- June 17 , 1972 ) was a famous Danish operatic tenor whose career was centred on Germany and Austria , before , during and after World War II . Rosvaenge was born in Copenhagen .
Jane Manning OBE ( born 20 September 1938 ) is an English concert and opera soprano , writer on music , and Visiting Professor at the Royal College of Music .
Charles Hardouin ( born Brittany , fl . Paris 1694 - 1718 ) was a French operatic baritone ( basse taille ) .
Blanche Marchesi ( 4 April 1863 -- 15 December 1940 ) was a French mezzo - soprano and voice teacher best known for her interpretations of the works of Richard Wagner .
Keren Hadar is a crossover soprano from Israel .
Jochen Kupfer ( born 1969 in Grimma ) is a German operatic baritone .
