author	Reisen eines Deutschen in England im Jahre 1782 (English: Journeys of a German in England in 1782) is a travel memoir by German author Karl Philipp Moritz.	Journeys of a German in England in 1782	Karl Philipp Moritz
author	Hegemony and Socialist Strategy is a 1985 work of political theory in the post-Marxist tradition by Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe.	Hegemony and Socialist Strategy	Ernesto Laclau	Chantal Mouffe
author	Smart Women is a 1983 novel by Judy Blume that tells the story of a divorcee who falls for her friend's ex-husband.	Smart Women	Judy Blume
author	Ardèle ou la Marguerite is a 1948 play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh.	Ardèle ou la Marguerite	Jean Anouilh
author	The Zombies That Ate The World (French: Les Zombies qui ont mangé le monde) is an ongoing comic book series written by Jerry Frissen and illustrated by Guy Davis.	The Zombies That Ate The World	Jerry Frissen
author	Keepers of the House is the debut novel of Lisa St Aubin de Terán, published as The Long Way Home in the US.	Keepers of the House	Lisa St Aubin de Terán
author	The Romany Rye is a novel by George Borrow, written in 1857.	The Romany Rye	George Borrow
author	Banquets of the Black Widowers is a collection of mystery short stories by science fiction author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers, the Black Widowers.	Banquets of the Black Widowers	Isaac Asimov
author	Doors Open is a 2008 novel by crime writer Ian Rankin.	Doors Open	Ian Rankin
author	Armageddon in Retrospect is a collection of short stories and essays about war and peace written by Kurt Vonnegut.	Armageddon in Retrospect	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Epicurean is a novel by Thomas Moore, published in 1827.	The Epicurean	Thomas Moore
author	Odes et Ballades, published in 1828, is the most complete version of a collection of poems by Victor Hugo written and published between 1822 and 1828.	Odes et Ballades	Victor Hugo
author	``The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians'' is a detective fiction short story by author August Derleth.	The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians	August Derleth
author	A Little Lumpen Novelita (Una novelita lumpen in Spanish) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño.	A Little Lumpen Novelita	Roberto Bolaño
author	The Destruction of the European Jews is a book published in 1961 by historian Raul Hilberg.	The Destruction of the European Jews	Raul Hilberg
author	The Corridors of Time is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson, first published in 1966 as serial in Amazing Stories, May-June 1965 and as book by Doubleday.	The Corridors of Time	Poul Anderson
author	``To Build a Fire'' is the title of two short stories by American author Jack London, published in 1902 and 1908.	To Build a Fire	Jack London
author	Something Like a House is the debut novel by British writer Sid Smith, first published in 2001.	Something Like a House	Sid Smith
author	The Canterbury Tales (Middle English: Tales of Caunterbury) is a collection of 24 stories that runs to over 17,000 lines written in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer.	The Canterbury Tales	Geoffrey Chaucer
author	Erewhon: or, Over the Range (e-re-whon) is a novel by Samuel Butler which was first published anonymously in 1872.	Erewhon	Samuel Butler
author	Dragonflight is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.	Dragonflight	Anne McCaffrey
author	The Castle of Wolfenbach (1793) is the most famous novel written by the English Gothic novelist Eliza Parsons.	The Castle of Wolfenbach	Eliza Parsons
author	The Devil's Teardrop is a novel published in 1999, written by author Jeffery Deaver.	The Devil's Teardrop	Jeffery Deaver
author	Outside the Dog Museum is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll, published in 2005.	Outside the Dog Museum	Jonathan Carroll
author	Capital in the Twenty-First Century is a 2013 book by French economist Thomas Piketty.	Capital in the Twenty-First Century	Thomas Piketty
author	At Swim, Two Boys (2001) is a novel by Irish writer Jamie O'Neill.	At Swim, Two Boys	Jamie O'Neill
author	Wintermind is the second novel of the Masters of Solitude trilogy, written by authors Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin.	Wintermind	Marvin Kaye	Parke Godwin
author	Sixth Grade Secrets is a novel by Louis Sachar that follows sixth-grader Laura Sibbie and her friends as they create a secret club in violation of school rules.	Sixth Grade Secrets	Louis Sachar
author	The Sibling Society is a book by poet, activist and author Robert Bly, published in 1996.	The Sibling Society	Robert Bly
author	A Solitary Grief (1991) is a novel by Bernice Rubens about a Harley Street doctor who cannot cope with his own life.	A Solitary Grief	Bernice Rubens
author	Something Rotten is the fourth book in the Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde.	Something Rotten	Jasper Fforde
author	The 50th Law is a New York Times bestselling book on strategy and fearlessness written collaboratively by rapper 50 Cent and author Robert Greene.	The 50th Law	50 Cent	Robert Greene
author	On the Black Hill is a novel by Bruce Chatwin published in 1982 and winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for that year.	On the Black Hill	Bruce Chatwin
author	Meet the Austins is the title of a 1960 novel by Madeleine L'Engle, the first of her books about the Austin family.	Meet the Austins	Madeleine L'Engle
author	Four Quartets is a set of four poems written by T. S. Eliot that were published individually over a six-year period.	Four Quartets	T. S. Eliot
author	The Cinder Path is a novel by Catherine Cookson and a 1994 film directed by Simon Langton and based on the novel.	The Cinder Path	Catherine Cookson
author	A Tree of Night and Other Stories is a short story collection by the American author Truman Capote published in early 1949.	A Tree of Night and Other Stories	Truman Capote
author	Call Me Bandicoot is a 1970 young adult novel written by U.S. author William Pène du Bois.	Call Me Bandicoot	William Pène du Bois
author	The 1972 Annual World's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha, the initial volume in a series of nineteen.	The 1972 Annual World's Best SF	Arthur W. Saha
author	Bibliotheca historica (Βιβλιοθήκη ἱστορική, ``Historical Library''), is a work of universal history by Diodorus Siculus.	Bibliotheca historica	Diodorus Siculus
author	Angels and Spaceships is a 1954 collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Fredric Brown.	Angels and Spaceships	Fredric Brown
author	The Charioteer of Delphi is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence, published in 2006.	The Charioteer of Delphi	Caroline Lawrence
author	Executive Order 11110 was issued by U.S. President John F. Kennedy on June 4, 1963.	Executive Order 11110	John F. Kennedy
author	Oru Sankeerthanam Pole (Malayalam: ഒരു സങ്കീർത്തനം പോലെ) is a widely acclaimed novel written by Perumbadavam Sreedharan, first published in September, 1993.	Oru Sankeerthanam Pole	Perumbadavam Sreedharan
author	The Doll People is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin and Laura Godwin, first published in 2000.	The Doll People	Ann M. Martin
author	``Young Zaphod Plays It Safe'' is a short story by Douglas Adams set in his The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy universe.	Young Zaphod Plays It Safe	Douglas Adams
author	Erections, Ejaculations, Exhibitions, and General Tales of Ordinary Madness was a paperback collection of short stories by Charles Bukowski, first published by City Lights Publishers in 1972.	Erections, Ejaculations, Exhibitions, and General Tales of Ordinary Madness	Charles Bukowski
author	Dead Accounts is Broadway play written by Theresa Rebeck.	Dead Accounts	Theresa Rebeck
author	The Holy Sinner (in German, Der Erwählte) is a German novel written by Thomas Mann.	The Holy Sinner	Thomas Mann
author	The Bridal Canopy (Hebrew: הכנסת כלה‎, Hakhnasat Kallah), a novel by Shmuel Yosef Agnon, is considered to be one of the first classics of modern Hebrew literature.	The Bridal Canopy	Shmuel Yosef Agnon
author	The Mars trilogy is a series of award-winning science fiction novels by Kim Stanley Robinson that chronicles the settlement and terraforming of the planet Mars through the intensely personal and detailed viewpoints of a wide variety of characters spanning almost two centuries.	Mars trilogy	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	The Aspern Papers is a novella written by Henry James, originally published in The Atlantic Monthly in 1888, with its first book publication later in the same year.	The Aspern Papers	Henry James
author	``The Argonauts of the Air'' is a short story by H. G. Wells, first published in 1895 in Phil May's Annual.	The Argonauts of the Air	H. G. Wells
author	The High Crusade is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson about the consequences of an extraterrestrial scoutship landing in Medieval England.	The High Crusade	Poul Anderson
author	The Greater Inclination was the earliest collection of short fiction by Edith Wharton.	The Greater Inclination	Edith Wharton
author	Schweik in the Second World War (Schweyk im Zweiten Weltkrieg) is a play by German dramatist and poet Bertolt Brecht.	Schweik in the Second World War	Bertolt Brecht
author	Black Summer is a comic book limited series written by Warren Ellis, illustrated by Juan Jose Ryp, and published by Avatar Press starting in June 2007.	Black Summer	Warren Ellis
author	Thirteen Steps Down (2004) is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell.	Thirteen Steps Down	Ruth Rendell
author	The Lowland is the second novel by Jhumpa Lahiri, published by Alfred A. Knopf and Random House in 2013.	The Lowland	Jhumpa Lahiri
author	Ramona the Pest, by Beverly Cleary, is the second book of the Ramona series and the first to focus on Ramona Quimby as the protagonist.	Ramona the Pest	Beverly Cleary
author	Gladiator-At-Law is a satirical science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth.	Gladiator-At-Law	Frederik Pohl	Cyril M. Kornbluth
author	The Light's on at Signpost is a memoir from George MacDonald Fraser covering his various adventures in screenwriting as well as essays on the state of modern-day England.	The Light's on at Signpost	George MacDonald Fraser
author	The Magic Bicycle is the first novel of the Spirit Flyer Series by John Bibee and illustrated by Paul Turnbaugh.	The Magic Bicycle	John Bibee
author	Orchids, a collection of prose and poetry (Dutch: Orchideeën, een bundel proza en poëzie) is a collection of prose and poetry written by Dutch writer Louis Couperus, which was published in 1886.	Orchids, a collection of prose and poetry	Louis Couperus
author	The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art, Culture, and Literature is the first English translation of philosopher José Ortega y Gasset's ``La deshumanización del Arte e Ideas sobre la novela'', published in 1925.	The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art, Culture, and Literature	José Ortega y Gasset
author	Nélida is a novel by Marie d'Agoult, a ``thinly disguised fictional account'' of her four-year affair with composer Franz Liszt, and a succès de scandale when first published in 1846.	Nélida	Marie d'Agoult
author	Kings Will Be Tyrants by Ward Hawkins is a 1959 novel about fighting in Cuba.	Kings Will Be Tyrants	Ward Hawkins
author	Marks of Identity (Spanish: Señas de identidad) is a 1966 novel by the Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo.	Marks of Identity	Juan Goytisolo
author	Sachs and Violens is a fictional comic book duo created by American writer Peter David and co-developed with George Pérez.	Sachs and Violens	George Pérez
author	The Fate of a Crown is a 1905 adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum, the author best known for his Oz books.	The Fate of a Crown	L. Frank Baum
author	In Siberia is a 1999 travel book by the English writer Colin Thubron.	In Siberia	Colin Thubron
author	Comic-book stories of the character scripted by John Stanley appeared in ten issues of Dell's Four Color before a Marge's Little Lulu series appeared in 1948.	Little Lulu	John Stanley
author	The Exception and the Rule (in German Die Ausnahme und die Regel) is a short play by German playwright Bertolt Brecht and is one of several Lehrstücke (Teaching plays) he wrote around 1929/30.	The Exception and the Rule	Bertolt Brecht
author	Plague Ship is a science fiction novel by author Andrew North (pseudonym of Alice Mary Norton, also known as Andre Norton).	Plague Ship	Andre Norton
author	The One Day of the Year is an Australian play by Alan Seymour originally written in 1958 about Anzac Day.	The One Day of the Year	Alan Seymour
author	The Wizard of Venus is a novella by Edgar Rice Burroughs, as well as the title of a collection in which it was later published together with an unrelated story.	The Wizard of Venus	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Genius Squad is a novel written by Catherine Jinks published in 2008 by Allen & Unwin, Australia.	Genius Squad	Catherine Jinks
author	``The Lottery in Babylon'' (or ``The Babylon Lottery''; original Spanish ``La lotería en Babilonia'') is a fantasy short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges.	The Lottery in Babylon	Jorge Luis Borges
author	L'Ingénu is a satirical novella by the French writer Voltaire, published in 1767.	L'Ingénu	Voltaire
author	What They Always Tell Us is the first novel by Martin Wilson, focusing on the relationship between two high school age brothers as one begins to embrace his homosexuality.	What They Always Tell Us	Martin Wilson
author	A Perfect Spy (1986) by British author John le Carré is a novel about the mental and moral dissolution of a high level secret agent.	A Perfect Spy	John le Carré
author	Letters from the Earth is a posthumously published work of celebrated American author Mark Twain (1835--1910).	Letters from the Earth	Mark Twain
author	Babylon Babies is the third novel by French-born naturalized Canadian writer Maurice G. Dantec, published in 1999.	Babylon Babies	Maurice G. Dantec
author	With the People from the Bridge (Greek: Με τους ανθρώπους από τη γέφυρα) is the second part of the Poena Damni trilogy by Greek author Dimitris Lyacos.	With the People from the Bridge	Dimitris Lyacos
author	The Pinballs is a 1976 young adult novel by American author Betsy Byars.	The Pinballs	Betsy Byars
author	The Squirrel Wife is the title of a children's fairy tale written by Philippa Pearce and first illustrated by Derek Collard.	The Squirrel Wife	Philippa Pearce
author	The Return of Chorb is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov written in Russian under his pen name Vladimir Sirin in Berlin in 1925.	The Return of Chorb	Vladimir Nabokov
author	No New Land is a novel by M. G. Vassanji, published in 1991.	No New Land	M. G. Vassanji
author	Rainbow Boys is the first novel in a trilogy by Alex Sánchez, focusing on the issues gay and questioning youth face as they come of age.	Rainbow Boys	Alex Sánchez
author	``My Son, the Physicist'' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov.	My Son, the Physicist	Isaac Asimov
author	Dragonsinger is a young adult science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey.	Dragonsinger	Anne McCaffrey
author	The History of a Town is a fictional chronicle by Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin first published in 1870 and regarded as the major satirical Russian novel of the 19th century.	The History of a Town	Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin
author	The Luck of Barry Lyndon is a picaresque novel by William Makepeace Thackeray, first published in serial form in 1844, about a member of the Irish gentry trying to become a member of the English aristocracy.	The Luck of Barry Lyndon	William Makepeace Thackeray
author	Interesting Times is the seventeenth novel in the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett, set in the Aurient (aka Orient).	Interesting Times	Terry Pratchett
author	In the Country of Men is the debut novel of Libyan writer Hisham Matar, first published in 2006 by Viking, an imprint of Penguin Books.	In the Country of Men	Hisham Matar
author	``The Very Pulse of the Machine'' is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick.	The Very Pulse of the Machine	Michael Swanwick
author	Gib Rides Home is a 1998 novel for young readers by Zilpha Keatley Snyder.	Gib Rides Home	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
author	Dyr bul shchyl (Russian: Дыр бул щыл, (dɨr bul ɕːɨl)) is the earliest and most famous transrational poem by Aleksei Kruchenykh, written using the Zaum language, which, according to the author, is ``more Russian national, than in all of Pushkin's poetry''.	Dyr bul shchyl	Aleksei Kruchenykh
author	Week-end at Zuydcoote (French: Week-end à Zuydcoote) is a 1949 novel by French author Robert Merle.	Week-end at Zuydcoote	Robert Merle
author	Sign of Chaos is the Locus Award nominated third novel in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny, and the eighth book overall.	Sign of Chaos	Roger Zelazny
author	The Southern Victory series or Timeline-191 are fan names given to a series of eleven alternate history novels by author Harry Turtledove, beginning with How Few Remain (1997) and published over a decade.	Southern Victory	Harry Turtledove
author	Wogs Out of Work is an Australian play which was written by Nick Giannopoulos, Simon Palomares, and Maria Portesi.	Wogs Out of Work	Nick Giannopoulos
author	``The King of the Elves'' is a short story by science fiction writer Philip K. Dick and first published in the September 1953 issue of Beyond Fantasy Fiction.	The King of the Elves	Philip K. Dick
author	Two Minor Ethical-Religious Essays (original Danish title: Tvende ethisk-religieuse Smaa-Afhandlinger) is a work by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard, under the pseudonym H.H., written in 1847 and published on May 19, 1849.	Two Minor Ethical-Religious Essays	Søren Kierkegaard
author	The Borrowers Afield is a children's fantasy novel by Mary Norton, published in 1955 by Dent in the UK and Harcourt in the US.	The Borrowers Afield	Mary Norton
author	The Two of Them is a feminist science fiction novel by Joanna Russ.	The Two of Them	Joanna Russ
author	Daisy-Head Mayzie is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated in his style.	Daisy-Head Mayzie	Dr. Seuss
author	The Dialogue in Hell Between Machiavelli and Montesquieu (in the original French Dialogue aux enfers entre Machiavel et Montesquieu ou la politique de Machiavel au XIXe siècle) is a political satire written by French attorney Maurice Joly in protest against the regime of Napoleon III, a.k.a. Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte.	The Dialogue in Hell Between Machiavelli and Montesquieu	Maurice Joly
author	Adelchi (Italian pronunciation: (aˈdɛlki)) is the second tragedy written by Alessandro Manzoni.	Adelchi	Alessandro Manzoni
author	``The Cats of Ulthar'' is a short story written by American fantasy author H. P. Lovecraft in June 1920.	The Cats of Ulthar	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Power of Sympathy: or, The Triumph of Nature (1789) is an 18th-century American sentimental novel written in epistolary form by William Hill Brown, widely considered to be the first American novel.	The Power of Sympathy	William Hill Brown
author	The Pine Deep Trilogy is a series of supernatural horror novels by Jonathan Maberry.	Pine Deep Trilogy	Jonathan Maberry
author	The Sunset Limited is a play by American writer Cormac McCarthy.	The Sunset Limited	Cormac McCarthy
author	Mararía (1973) is the most famous novel by the Spanish Canarian writer Rafael Arozarena.	Mararía	Rafael Arozarena
author	The Positronic Man is a 1992 novel by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg, based on Asimov's novella The Bicentennial Man.	The Positronic Man	Isaac Asimov	Robert Silverberg
author	The Bad Place is a novel written by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 1990.	The Bad Place	Dean Koontz
author	The Exhaustive Concordance of the Bible, generally known as Strong's Concordance, is a concordance of the King James Version (KJV) that was constructed under the direction of Dr. James Strong (1822--1894) and first published in 1890.	Strong's Concordance	James Strong
author	Going to the Dogs is a 1986 play by Dutch writer, artist, and television director Wim T. Schippers.	Going to the Dogs	Wim T. Schippers
author	Roadmarks is a science fantasy novel written by Roger Zelazny during the late 1970s and published in 1979.	Roadmarks	Roger Zelazny
author	Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic is a study of Anglo-Saxon paganism and the role of magic in Anglo-Saxon England that was written by the English poet and independent scholar Bill Griffiths.	Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic	Bill Griffiths
author	``On the Pulse of Morning'' is a poem by African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou that she read at the first inauguration of President Bill Clinton on January 20, 1993.	On the Pulse of Morning	Maya Angelou
author	Lost in the Garden is a midlife-crisis novel by the American writer Philip Beard.	Lost in the Garden	Philip Beard
author	Deconstructing Sammy is a critically acclaimed book by author Matt Birkbeck about the life and death of Sammy Davis, Jr. and the subsequent efforts to restore his legacy.	Deconstructing Sammy	Matt Birkbeck
author	``The Tree on the Hill'' is a short story written by horror author H. P. Lovecraft and Duane W. Rimel.	The Tree on the Hill	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Kids on Strike! is a 2003 non-fiction book written by award winning author Susan Campbell Bartoletti.	Kids on Strike!	Susan Campbell Bartoletti
author	DL5 Dragons of Mystery was written by Michael Dobson, with art by Larry Elmore, and was published by TSR in 1984 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder.	Dragons of Mystery	Michael Dobson
author	Nobody's Buddy is an American children's novel written by John A. Moroso and published in 1936 by Goldsmith Publishing Co. of Chicago, Illinois.	Nobody's Buddy	John A. Moroso
author	A Battle of Nerves (French: La Tête d'un homme, also known as A Man's Head) is a detective novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon.	A Battle of Nerves	Georges Simenon
author	The Essential Tagore is the largest collection of Rabindranath Tagore's works available in English.	The Essential Tagore	Rabindranath Tagore
author	Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation is an influential computer science textbook by John Hopcroft and Jeffrey Ullman on formal languages and the theory of computation.	Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation	John Hopcroft	Jeffrey Ullman
author	That Awful Mess on Via Merulana is an Italian novel by Carlo Emilio Gadda, first published in Italy by Garzanti Editore s.p.a.	That Awful Mess on Via Merulana	Carlo Emilio Gadda
author	The Descendants of Cain (카인의 후예) is a novel by Hwang Sun-won (황순원).	The Descendants of Cain	Hwang Sun-won
author	Good-Bye to All That, an autobiography by Robert Graves, first appeared in 1929, when the author was thirty-four.	Good-Bye to All That	Robert Graves
author	The Wizard of the Emerald City (Russian: Волшебник Изумрудного Города) is a 1939 children's novel by Russian writer Alexander Melentyevich Volkov.	The Wizard of the Emerald City	Alexander Melentyevich Volkov
author	O Pioneers! is a 1913 novel by American author Willa Cather, written while she was living in New York.	O Pioneers!	Willa Cather
author	John Dough and the Cherub is a children's fantasy novel written by L. Frank Baum, about a living gingerbread man and his adventures.	John Dough and the Cherub	L. Frank Baum
author	The Phoenix and the Mirror was published in 1969 and is the first novel in the first Vergil Magus series, written by Avram Davidson.	The Phoenix and the Mirror	Avram Davidson
author	A Writer's Life is a 2006 autobiography by Gay Talese.	A Writer's Life	Gay Talese
author	Two Hundred Years Together (Rus. Двести лет вместе, Dvesti let vmeste) is a two-volume historical essay by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn.	Two Hundred Years Together	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
author	Autumn Maze is a 1994 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary.	Autumn Maze	Jon Cleary
author	The Train Was on Time (German: Der Zug war pünktlich) is the first published novel by German author Heinrich Böll.	The Train Was on Time	Heinrich Böll
author	Come, Tell Me How You Live is a short book of autobiography and travel literature by crime writer Agatha Christie.	Come, Tell Me How You Live	Agatha Christie
author	Wrath of the Lion is a 1964 thriller novel by Jack Higgins.	Wrath of the Lion	Jack Higgins
author	Ethical Relativity is a 1932 book by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck, one of his main works.	Ethical Relativity	Edvard Westermarck
author	``Exploration Team'' is a science fiction novelette by American writer Murray Leinster, originally published in the March 1956 issue of Astounding Science Fiction.	Exploration Team	Murray Leinster
author	The Second Book of General Ignorance is the fifth in a series of books based on the final round in the intellectual British panel game QI, written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson.	The Second Book of General Ignorance	John Lloyd	John Mitchinson
author	The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit (commonly known as Martin Chuzzlewit) is a novel by Charles Dickens, considered the last of his picaresque novels.	Martin Chuzzlewit	Charles Dickens
author	One King's Way is the second part of the trilogy by Harry Harrison and John Holm that began with The Hammer and the Cross.	One King's Way	Harry Harrison
author	Berts vidare betraktelser (Swedish: Bert's further contemplations) is a diary novel, written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1990.	Berts vidare betraktelser	Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson
author	After America is an alternate history novel written by British-born Australian author John Birmingham and released in Australia in July 2010.	After America	John Birmingham
author	Trial of Champions is a single-player roleplaying gamebook, written by Ian Livingstone, illustrated by Brian Williams and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books.	Trial of Champions	Ian Livingstone
author	The Fallon Blood is a novel written by fantasy author James Oliver Rigney, Jr. (more commonly known as Robert Jordan) under the name Reagan O'Neal.	The Fallon Blood	Robert Jordan
author	Private Angelo was written by Scottish author Eric Linklater and first published in 1946.	Private Angelo	Eric Linklater
author	After the Flood (Swedish: Efter floden) is a 1982 novel by the Swedish novelist P. C. Jersild.	After the Flood	P. C. Jersild
author	``I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud'' (also commonly known as ``Daffodils'') is a lyric poem by William Wordsworth.	I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud	William Wordsworth
author	The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of alternate history novels by Orson Scott Card, published from 1987 to 2003 (with one more planned), that explore the experiences of a young man, Alvin Miller, who realizes he has incredible powers for creating and shaping things around him.	The Tales of Alvin Maker	Orson Scott Card
author	Hecate and Her Dogs (French: Hécate et ses chiens) is a novel by the French writer Paul Morand.	Hecate and Her Dogs	Paul Morand
author	The Blue Hussar (French: Le hussard bleu) is a 1950 novel by the French writer Roger Nimier.	The Blue Hussar	Roger Nimier
author	Hijo de hombre (Son of Man, 1960) is a novel by the Paraguayan author Augusto Roa Bastos Roa Bastos' first published novel, Hijo de hombre represents his definitive break with poetry.	Hijo de hombre	Augusto Roa Bastos
author	Waiting for the Rain (1987) by Sheila Gordon tells the story of two boys, one black and one white, growing up on a farm in South Africa during Apartheid.	Waiting for the Rain	Sheila Gordon
author	The Final Descent is a horror novel by Rick Yancey, the fourth and final book in a series that he inaugurated in 2009 with The Monstrumologist (UK title, The Terror Beneath).	The Final Descent	Rick Yancey
author	The Mediterranean Caper ( also published as Mayday) is an action-adventure novel by Clive Cussler published in the United States in 1973.	The Mediterranean Caper	Clive Cussler
author	The Oksa Pollock is a series of six fantasy children's novels by Anne Plichota and Cendrine Wolf.	Oksa Pollock	Cendrine Wolf
author	They Came on Viking Ships is a children's historical novel by Jackie French, first published in Australia in 2005.	They Came on Viking Ships	Jackie French
author	The Maker of Universes (1965) is a fantasy novel by American science fiction author Philip José Farmer.	The Maker of Universes	Philip José Farmer
author	Eros e Priapo: da furore a cenere is a 1945 satiric pamphlet by Italian author Carlo Emilio Gadda.	Eros e Priapo	Carlo Emilio Gadda
author	The Wandering Scholars is a non-fiction book by Helen Waddell, first published in 1927 by Constable, London.	The Wandering Scholars	Helen Waddell
author	The Mageborn Traitor, is a fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn.	The Mageborn Traitor	Melanie Rawn
author	Mr and Mrs Dove is a 1921 short story by Katherine Mansfield.	Mr and Mrs Dove	Katherine Mansfield
author	The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne, or just The Natural History of Selborne is a book by English naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White.	The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne	Gilbert White
author	Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies is a collection of horror and fantasy stories by author Robert Bloch.	Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies	Robert Bloch
author	Poenulus, also called The Little Carthaginian or The Little Punic, is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus, probably written between 195 and 189 BC. The play is noteworthy for containing text in Carthaginian Punic, spoken by the character Hanno in the fifth act.	Poenulus	Plautus
author	Northward Ho (or Ho!, or Hoe) is an early Jacobean era stage play, a satire and city comedy written by Thomas Dekker and John Webster, and first published in 1607.	Northward Ho	Thomas Dekker	John Webster
author	Logic as a Positive Science is one of the major works of Italian Marxist philosopher Galvano Della Volpe.	Logic as a Positive Science	Galvano Della Volpe
author	The Mixed Men is a collection of short stories by author A. E. van Vogt that focus on the mixed offspring of Dellian Supermen and human beings.	The Mixed Men	A. E. van Vogt
author	Girl with Curious Hair is a collection of short stories by David Foster Wallace first published in 1989.	Girl with Curious Hair	David Foster Wallace
author	Chickenfeed (2006) is a crime novella by English writer Minette Walters, published as part of the ``Quick Reads'', designed to promote literacy through short, simply written and fast moving stories.	Chickenfeed	Minette Walters
author	Adventures of Wim or (reissued in 2002 as Whim) is a book by George Cockcroft, written under the pen name Luke Rhinehart.	Adventures of Wim	George Cockcroft
author	The Bugalugs Bum Thief (1991) is a children's novel by acclaimed Australian author Tim Winton.	The Bugalugs Bum Thief	Tim Winton
author	Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets (1779--81) is a work by Samuel Johnson, comprising short biographies and critical appraisals of 52 poets, most of whom lived during the eighteenth century.	Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets	Samuel Johnson
author	Romiette and Julio by is a novel Sharon Draper, published in 2001 by Simon Pulse.	Romiette and Julio	Sharon Draper
author	A Hacker Manifesto is a critical manifesto written by McKenzie Wark, which criticizes the commodification of information in the age of digital culture and globalization.	A Hacker Manifesto	McKenzie Wark
author	Whose War Is It? is a non-fiction book by Jack Granatstein (published J.L. Granatstein), a Canadian historian and military veteran.	Whose War Is It?	Jack Granatstein
author	Marianne and Mark (1960) by Catherine Storr is a sequel to Marianne Dreams (1958).	Marianne and Mark	Catherine Storr
author	Doña Rosita the Spinster (Spanish: Doña Rosita la soltera) is a period play by the 20th-century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.	Doña Rosita the Spinster	Federico García Lorca
author	Nice Work (1988) is a novel by British author David Lodge.	Nice Work	David Lodge
author	Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang is a science fiction novel written by Kate Wilhelm, published in 1976.	Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang	Kate Wilhelm
author	The Cat Who Could Read Backwards is the first novel in Lilian Jackson Braun's ``The Cat Who...'' series, published in 1966.	The Cat Who Could Read Backwards	Lilian Jackson Braun
author	Incident at Hawk's Hill is a Newbery Honor book by naturalist and writer Allan W. Eckert published in 1971.	Incident at Hawk's Hill	Allan W. Eckert
author	Farmer Boy is a children's historical novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1933.	Farmer Boy	Laura Ingalls Wilder
author	Robur the Conqueror (French: Robur-le-Conquérant) is a science fiction novel by Jules Verne, published in 1886.	Robur the Conqueror	Jules Verne
author	The Black Riders and Other Lines is a book of poetry written by American author Stephen Crane (1871--1900).	The Black Riders and Other Lines	Stephen Crane
author	When Santa Fell to Earth (German: Als der Weihnachtsmann von Himmel fiel) is a 2004 novel by German author Cornelia Funke.	When Santa Fell to Earth	Cornelia Funke
author	Dou E Yuan, commonly translated as The Injustice to Dou E, and also known as The Injustice Done to Tou Ngo and Snow in Midsummer, is a Chinese play written by Guan Hanqing (c. 1241--1320) during the Yuan dynasty.	The Injustice to Dou E	Guan Hanqing
author	Bitter Lemons is an autobiographical work by writer Lawrence Durrell, describing the three years (1953--1956) he spent on the island of Cyprus.	Bitter Lemons	Lawrence Durrell
author	Guillaume de Dole (also known as (Le) Roman(s) de la Rose, or Guillaume de Dole) is an Old French narrative romance by Jean Renart.	Guillaume de Dole	Jean Renart
author	Gli Asolani (the people of Asolo) are dialogues in 3 books written between 1497 and 1504 by Pietro Bembo in the language of Petrarch and comprise his first important work.	Gli Asolani	Pietro Bembo
author	Stones in His Pockets is a two-hander written in 1996 by Marie Jones for the DubbleJoint Theatre Company in Dublin, Ireland.	Stones in His Pockets	Marie Jones
author	Mara, Daughter of the Nile by Eloise Jarvis McGraw is a historical fiction children's book.	Mara, Daughter of the Nile	Eloise Jarvis McGraw
author	'Tis is a memoir written by Frank McCourt.	'Tis	Frank McCourt
author	Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science (German: Prolegomena zu einer jeden künftigen Metaphysik, die als Wissenschaft wird auftreten können) is a book by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant, published in 1783, two years after the first edition of his Critique of Pure Reason.	Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics	Immanuel Kant
author	Lord Darcy Investigates is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy.	Lord Darcy Investigates	Randall Garrett
author	Happy Lesson is a comedy manga, written by Mutsumi Sasaki and illustrated by Shinnosuke Mori, serialized in Dengeki G's Magazine from April 1999 to September 2002, featuring a high school student who is adopted by five of his teachers.	Happy Lesson	Mutsumi Sasaki
author	A History of Marriage, published by Seven Stories Press, is a non-fiction book by Elizabeth Abbott, the Canadian author of A History of Celibacy (1999) and A History of Mistresses (2003) that combines general history and personal histories of marriage.	A History of Marriage	Elizabeth Abbott
author	It was defined by a committee specification of the OASIS RELAX NG technical committee in 2001 and 2002, based on Murata Makoto's RELAX and James Clark's TREX, and also by part two of the international standard ISO/IEC 19757:	RELAX NG	James Clark
author	Two-Minute Drill is a 2007 children's book by Mike Lupica and the first book in his Comeback Kids series.	Two-Minute Drill	Mike Lupica
author	A Arma Escarlate (English: The Scarlet Weapon) is a 2011 romance novel by Brazilian writer Renata Ventura and released by Novo Século publisher.	A Arma Escarlate	Renata Ventura
author	Thanks to My Mother is the memoir of Schoschana Rabinovici, née Susanne Weksler, a young Jewish girl from Vilnius, Lithuania.	Thanks to My Mother	Schoschana Rabinovici
author	Leaving the Atocha Station (2011) is the debut novel by American poet and critic Ben Lerner.	Leaving the Atocha Station	Ben Lerner
author	Dust of the Damned is a 2012 novel by Western author Peter Brandvold.	Dust of the Damned	Peter Brandvold
author	Kushiel's Scion is the 2006 novel by Jacqueline Carey, following on from the Kushiel's Legacy trilogy (Kushiel's Dart, Kushiel's Chosen, and Kushiel's Avatar).	Kushiel's Scion	Jacqueline Carey
author	``Sunjammer'' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke, originally published in 1963, and included in the March 1964 issue of Boys' Life.	Sunjammer	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Pobby and Dingan is a novella by English author Ben Rice, which first appeared in issue 70 of Granta in Summer 2000 and published in book form later that year.	Pobby and Dingan	Ben Rice
author	The Same River (Estonian: Seesama jõgi) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Estonian author Jaan Kaplinski.	The Same River	Jaan Kaplinski
author	Tasuke, the Samurai Cop, known in Japanese as Edokko Boy Gatten Tasuke (江戸っ子ボーイがってん太助 Edokko Bōi Gatten Tasuke), is a manga series created by Manavu Kashimoto.	Tasuke, the Samurai Cop	Manavu Kashimoto
author	What I Call Life is a young adult novel by Jill Wolfson.	What I Call Life	Jill Wolfson
author	Bag Limit is a crime novel written by Steven F. Havill.	Bag Limit	Steven F. Havill
author	The Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) is a document issued by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) of the United States Department of Transportation (USDOT) to specify the standards by which traffic signs, road surface markings, and signals are designed, installed, and used.	Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices	Federal Highway Administration
author	The Ingenuity Gap is a non-fiction book by Canadian academic Thomas Homer-Dixon.	The Ingenuity Gap	Thomas Homer-Dixon
author	Alan Mendelsohn, the Boy from Mars is a novel by Daniel Pinkwater, published in 1979.	Alan Mendelsohn, the Boy from Mars	Daniel Pinkwater
author	The Vanished Diamond, also translated as The Southern Star (French: L'Étoile du sud, lit. The Star of the South) is a novel by Jules Verne, first published in 1884.	The Vanished Diamond	Jules Verne
author	Ginger You're Barmy (1962) is a comic novel by David Lodge based on his experiences as a conscript to two years National Service in post-war Britain between August 1955 and August 1957.	Ginger You're Barmy	David Lodge
author	``Mr F. is Mr F.'' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard.	Mr F. is Mr F.	J. G. Ballard
author	Asterix and Son is the twenty-seventh volume of the Asterix comic book series, created by author René Goscinny and illustrator Albert Uderzo.	Asterix and Son	Albert Uderzo
author	Os Sertões (translated as Rebellion in the Backlands) (1902) is a book written by the Brazilian author Euclides da Cunha.	Os Sertões	Euclides da Cunha
author	How to Solve It (1945) is a small volume by mathematician George Pólya describing methods of problem solving.	How to Solve It	George Pólya
author	The English Roses is a 2003 children's picture book written by American entertainer Madonna and illustrated by Jeffrey Fulvimari, which later became a series of children's books by both artists.	The English Roses	Madonna
author	A Grief Observed is a collection of C. S. Lewis's reflections on the experience of bereavement following the death of his wife, Joy Davidman, in 1960.	A Grief Observed	C. S. Lewis
author	Executive Order 10988 is a United States presidential executive order issued by President John F. Kennedy on January 17, 1962 that recognized the right of federal employees to collective bargaining.	Executive Order 10988	John F. Kennedy
author	Dies the Fire is a 2004 alternate history and post-apocalyptic novel written by S. M. Stirling.	Dies the Fire	S. M. Stirling
author	From a Crooked Rib is the first published novel by Somalian novelist Nuruddin Farah.	From a Crooked Rib	Nuruddin Farah
author	An Age (published in the U.S. as Cryptozoic!) is a 1967 science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss.	An Age	Brian Aldiss
author	Heroes of the Fiery Cross is a book in praise of the Ku Klux Klan, published in 1928 by Protestant Bishop Alma Bridwell White, in which she ``sounds the alarm about imagined threats to Protestant Americans from Catholics and Jews'', according to author Peter Knight.	Heroes of the Fiery Cross	Alma Bridwell White
author	Judge Dee at Work is a collection of gong'an detective short stories written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China (roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty).	Judge Dee at Work	Robert van Gulik
author	M*A*S*H Goes to Maine is a novel written by Richard Hooker and originally published in 1972.	M*A*S*H Goes to Maine	Richard Hooker
author	The Small Assassin (1962) is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury.	The Small Assassin	Ray Bradbury
author	Hunter's Moon, known as The Foxes of Firstdark in the United States, is a novel by English fantasy author Garry Kilworth, published in 1989.	Hunter's Moon	Garry Kilworth
author	``Syzyfowe prace'' or ``Labors of Sisyphus'' is a novel by Polish author Stefan Żeromski which first appeared in the magazine Nowa Reforma in 1897.	Syzyfowe prace	Stefan Żeromski
author	Lord Mord is a Czech historical novel, written by Miloš Urban.	Lord Mord	Miloš Urban
author	Le Spleen de Paris, also known as Paris Spleen or Petits Poèmes en prose, is a collection of 51 short prose poems by Charles Baudelaire.	Le Spleen de Paris	Charles Baudelaire
author	Under the Sunset is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula), first published in 1881.	Under the Sunset	Bram Stoker
author	The Final Programme is a novel by British science fiction and fantasy writer Michael Moorcock.	The Final Programme	Michael Moorcock
author	A Life in the Theatre is a 1977 play by David Mamet.	A Life in the Theatre	David Mamet
author	Dreaming Down-Under is a 1998 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Janeen Webb	Dreaming Down-Under	Jack Dann	Janeen Webb
author	True at First Light is a book by American novelist Ernest Hemingway about his 1953--54 East African safari with his fourth wife Mary, released posthumously in his centennial year in 1999.	True at First Light	Ernest Hemingway
author	Created By is a 1993 horror novel by Richard Christian Matheson.	Created By	Richard Christian Matheson
author	Babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Samuel R. Delany in which the Sapir--	Babel-17	Samuel R. Delany
author	Half a Team is a 1980 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.	Half a Team	Michael Hardcastle
author	Twenty Five Years of an Artist is a 1993 photography book chronicling the long career of David Hamilton.	Twenty Five Years of an Artist	David Hamilton
author	Cage of Stars (ISBN 9780446578752) is a 2006 best-selling novel by Jacquelyn Mitchard.	Cage of Stars	Jacquelyn Mitchard
author	The Cat Who Sniffed Glue is the eighth book in The Cat Who... mystery series by Lilian Jackson Braun, published in 1988.	The Cat Who Sniffed Glue	Lilian Jackson Braun
author	Not That Sort of Girl (1987) is a novel by British author Mary Wesley.	Not That Sort of Girl	Mary Wesley
author	The Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della is a grammar of the Nahuatl language in Spanish by Jesuit grammarian Horacio Carochi.	Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della	Horacio Carochi
author	Show of Evil is a 1995 novel by William Diehl, the sequel to Primal Fear.	Show of Evil	William Diehl
author	``The Judgment'' (``Das Urteil'') is a short story written by Franz Kafka in 1912, concerning the relationship between a man and his father.	The Judgment	Franz Kafka
author	Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand is a book on contract bridge co-written by Canadian teacher and author Barbara Seagram and British author David Bird.	Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	Barbara Seagram	David Bird
author	The Indiscreet Jewels ( or The Indiscreet Toys, or The Talking Jewels, French: Les bijoux indiscrets) is the first novel by Denis Diderot, published anonymously in 1748.	The Indiscreet Jewels	Denis Diderot
author	A Flea in Her Ear (in French: La Puce à l'oreille) is a play by Georges Feydeau written in 1907, at the height of the Belle Époque.	A Flea in Her Ear	Georges Feydeau
author	Pretty, Baby, Machine (also known as Pretty Baby Machine) is a three-issue comic book limited series written by Clark Westerman with art by Kody Chamberlain, and released by Image Comics through their ShadowLine studio in 2008.	Pretty, Baby, Machine	Kody Chamberlain
author	The Old Glory is a play written by the American poet Robert Lowell that was first performed in 1964.	The Old Glory	Robert Lowell
author	King Hedley II is a play by American playwright August Wilson, the eighth in his ten-part series, The Pittsburgh Cycle.	King Hedley II	August Wilson
author	Saving Faith, written by David Baldacci, is a thriller novel set with backdrop of the political lobbying, political corruption, and blackmail in the US Government.	Saving Faith	David Baldacci
author	The Ghost Road is a war novel by Pat Barker, first published in 1995 and winner of the Booker Prize.	The Ghost Road	Pat Barker
author	Atalanta Fugiens or Atalanta Fleeing is an emblem book by Michael Maier (1568--1622), published by Johann Theodor de Bry in Oppenheim in 1617 (2nd edition 1618).	Atalanta Fugiens	Michael Maier
author	Nicholas Nickleby; or, The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby is a novel by Charles Dickens.	Nicholas Nickleby	Charles Dickens
author	The Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense (the B.P.R.D. or BPRD) is a fictional organization in the comic book work of Mike Mignola, charged with protecting America and the world from the occult, paranormal and supernatural.	Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense	Mike Mignola
author	The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories (French: 'Histoires Perfides') is a collection of short stories by French author Pierre Boulle, published in French in 1976 and in English in 1977.	The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories	Pierre Boulle
author	Spilling The Beans is an autobiography written by Clarissa Dickson Wright and first published in 2007.	Spilling The Beans	Clarissa Dickson Wright
author	The Eagle of the Ninth is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1954.	The Eagle of the Ninth	Rosemary Sutcliff
author	The Nine Wrong Answers, first published in 1952, is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr's series detectives.	The Nine Wrong Answers	John Dickson Carr
author	Gods of Riverworld (1983) is a science fiction novel, the fifth and last in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer.	Gods of Riverworld	Philip José Farmer
author	``Survivor Type'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in the 1982 horror anthology Terrors, edited by Charles L. Grant, and collected in King's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew.	Survivor Type	Stephen King
author	In the Sargasso Sea is a children's novel written in 1898 by Thomas Allibone Janvier.	In the Sargasso Sea	Thomas Allibone Janvier
author	A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful is a 1757 treatise on aesthetics written by Edmund Burke.	A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful	Edmund Burke
author	Flight of the Fire Thief is a novel written by Terry Deary, and is the second installment of The Fire Thief Trilogy.	Flight of the Fire Thief	Terry Deary
author	Grace and Truth is a novel by Irish writer Jennifer Johnston, first published in 2005 by Headline Books.	Grace and Truth	Jennifer Johnston
author	Larry and the Meaning of Life is the third installment in author Janet Tashjian's novel series about anti-consumerist web guru Josh ``Larry'' Swensen.	Larry and the Meaning of Life	Janet Tashjian
author	The White Bone is a Canadian novel written by Barbara Gowdy and published by HarperCollins in 1999.	The White Bone	Barbara Gowdy
author	He, She and It (published under the title Body of Glass outside the USA) is a cyberpunk novel by Marge Piercy published in 1991.	He, She and It	Marge Piercy
author	``My Platonic Sweetheart'' is a short dream narrative written by American writer Mark Twain.	My Platonic Sweetheart	Mark Twain
author	Yawar Fiesta is the first novel by the Peruvian author José María Arguedas published in 1941.	Yawar Fiesta	José María Arguedas
author	Twilight Watch (sometimes translated Dusk Watch) (Russian: Sumerechniy Dozor, Сумеречный Дозор) is a fantasy novel by Russian writer Sergey Lukyanenko published in 2008.	Twilight Watch	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	Wolf to the Slaughter is a novel by British crime-writer Ruth Rendell, first published in 1967.	Wolf to the Slaughter	Ruth Rendell
author	Jude the Obscure, the last completed of Thomas Hardy's novels, began as a magazine serial in December 1894 and was first published in book form in 1895.	Jude the Obscure	Thomas Hardy
author	The Truce at Bakura is a 1993 science fiction novel by Kathy Tyers, set in the Star Wars universe.	The Truce at Bakura	Kathy Tyers
author	Keats's Neighborhood is a 2002 children's picture book about the works of American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats.	Keats's Neighborhood	Ezra Jack Keats
author	``Ordeal in Space'' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein, originally published in Town & Country, May 1948.	Ordeal in Space	Robert A. Heinlein
author	A Cellarful of Noise is the title of Brian Epstein's 1964 autobiography.	A Cellarful of Noise	Brian Epstein
author	The Great Pacific War was a 1925 novel by Hector Charles Bywater which discussed a hypothetical future war between Japan and the United States.	The Great Pacific War	Hector Charles Bywater
author	House of Incest is a slim volume of 72 pages written by Anaïs Nin.	House of Incest	Anaïs Nin
author	Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1964 novel by American author Hubert Selby, Jr. The novel has become a cult classic because of its harsh, uncompromising look at lower class Brooklyn in the 1950s and for its brusque, everyman style of prose.	Last Exit to Brooklyn	Hubert Selby, Jr.
author	Grundzüge der Mengenlehre (German for ``Basics of Set Theory'') is an influential book on set theory written by Felix Hausdorff.	Grundzüge der Mengenlehre	Felix Hausdorff
author	Love's Comedy (Norwegian: Kjærlighedens Komedie) is a comedy by Henrik Ibsen.	Love's Comedy	Henrik Ibsen
author	An Option for Quebec (French: Option Québec) is an essay by former Premier of Quebec René Lévesque published in 1968.	An Option for Quebec	René Lévesque
author	Ralph the Heir is a novel by Anthony Trollope, originally published in 1871.	Ralph the Heir	Anthony Trollope
author	Teheran, een zwanezang (``Tehran, a Swan Song'') is a novel by Dutch author F. Springer, published in 1991.	Teheran, een zwanezang	F. Springer
author	The Atlas of Creation (or, in Turkish, Yaratılış Atlası) is a series of three books, written by Adnan Oktar under the pen name Harun Yahya.	The Atlas of Creation	Adnan Oktar
author	Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books.	Heavy Metal: a Tank Company's Battle to Baghdad	Jason Conroy	Ron Martz
author	May I Bring a Friend? is a 1964 book by Beatrice Schenk de Regniers.	May I Bring a Friend?	Beatrice Schenk de Regniers
author	In Verrem (``Against Verres'') is a series of speeches made by Cicero in 70 BC, during the corruption and extortion trial of Gaius Verres, the former governor of Sicily.	In Verrem	Cicero
author	The Amateur Emigrant (in full: The Amateur Emigrant from the Clyde to Sandy Hook) is Robert Louis Stevenson's travel memoir of his journey from Scotland to California in 1879-1880.	The Amateur Emigrant	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll is a study of American illustrator Joseph Clement Coll by Walt Reed.	The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll	Walt Reed
author	Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman (1798) is William Godwin's biography of his wife Mary Wollstonecraft, the author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman (1792).	Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman	William Godwin
author	The d20 system, 3rd edition version of the Arms and Equipment Guide was printed in 2003 and was designed by Eric Cagle, Jesse Decker, Jeff Quick, and James Wyatt.	Arms and Equipment Guide	James Wyatt
author	Get Shorty is a 1990 novel by American novelist Elmore Leonard.	Get Shorty	Elmore Leonard
author	Spawn/Batman is a 1994 one-shot comic book written by Frank Miller with art by Todd McFarlane and published jointly by DC Comics and Image Comics.	Spawn/Batman	Todd McFarlane
author	``That Evening Sun'' is a short story by the American author William Faulkner, published in 1931 on the collection These 13, which included Faulkner's most anthologized story, ``A Rose for Emily''.	That Evening Sun	William Faulkner
author	Twilight of the Idols, or, How to Philosophize with a Hammer (German: Götzen-Dämmerung, oder, Wie man mit dem Hammer philosophirt) is a book by Friedrich Nietzsche, written in 1888, and published in 1889.	Twilight of the Idols	Friedrich Nietzsche
author	To Shatter the Sky, subtitled Bomber Airfield at War, is a book and also BBC Television programme of the same name by the military historian, author and screenwriter Bruce Barrymore Halpenny.	To Shatter the Sky	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
author	Early Autumn is a 1926 novel by Louis Bromfield.	Early Autumn	Louis Bromfield
author	Young Lucretia and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman.	Young Lucretia and Other Stories	Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman
author	Commentarii de Bello Gallico (English: Commentaries on the Gallic War), also simply Bellum Gallicum (English: Gallic War), is Julius Caesar's firsthand account of the Gallic Wars, written as a third-person narrative.	Commentarii de Bello Gallico	Julius Caesar
author	Ascent of Mount Carmel (Spanish: Subida del Monte Carmelo) is a 16th-century spiritual treatise by Spanish Catholic mystic and poet Saint John of the Cross.	Ascent of Mount Carmel	John of the Cross
author	``The Lurking Fear'' is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft in the horror fiction genre.	The Lurking Fear	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Kings in Disguise started out as James Vance's idea for a play called On the Ropes.	Kings in Disguise	James Vance
author	Red Planet Noir is a combination work of crime fiction and science fiction written by American author D. B. Grady.	Red Planet Noir	D. B. Grady
author	The Dragon Man is a 1999 crime novel by the Australian author Garry Disher.	The Dragon Man	Garry Disher
author	American Gods is a Hugo and Nebula Award-winning novel by Neil Gaiman.	American Gods	Neil Gaiman
author	The Man from Outback is a 1909 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan written under the name of 'Albert Edmunds'.	The Man from Outback	Bert Bailey
author	The County of London Plan was prepared for the London County Council in 1943 by Sir Leslie Patrick Abercrombie (1879-1957) and John Henry Forshaw (1895-1973).	County of London Plan	Patrick Abercrombie
author	The Afterlife Experiments (full title: The Afterlife Experiments: Breakthrough Scientific Evidence of Life After Death) is a book written by Gary Schwartz and William L. Simon, with a foreword by Deepak Chopra.	The Afterlife Experiments	Gary Schwartz	Deepak Chopra
author	Zulu Hart is a historical novel by British author Saul David, set in the late Victorian Era, and focussed around the early military career of its eponym, George Hart.	Zulu Hart	Saul David
author	Elective Affinities (German: Die Wahlverwandtschaften), also translated under the title Kindred by Choice, is the third novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, published in 1809.	Elective Affinities	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
author	The Man from the USSR and Other Plays is a collection of four dramas by the Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov, first published in 1984.	The Man from the USSR and Other Plays	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Phaedon (German: Phädon oder über die Unsterblichkeit der Seele), published in 1767, is a book by the Jewish Enlightenment philosopher Moses Mendelssohn, a defense of immortality.	Phaedon	Moses Mendelssohn
author	The Last of the Greats is a comic book limited series owned by writer Joshua Hale Fialkov and artist Brent Peeples.	The Last of the Greats	Joshua Hale Fialkov
author	Three Months in the Southern States is a book written by Captain Arthur Fremantle, of the Coldstream Guards, upon his return to England from his three-month stay (April 2 until July 16, 1863) in the Confederate States of America.	Three Months in the Southern States	Arthur Fremantle
author	The Chocolate Frog was a short Australian play by Jim McNeil.	The Chocolate Frog	Jim McNeil
author	Albania Defiant (Swedish: Albansk utmaning) is a travel book by the Swedish authors Gun Kessle and Jan Myrdal, originally published in 1970 and translated to English in 1976 by Paul Britten Austin.	Albania Defiant	Gun Kessle
author	Birthday Letters, published in 1998, is a collection of poetry by English poet and children's writer Ted Hughes.	Birthday Letters	Ted Hughes
author	``A Christmas for Shacktown'' is a 32-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.	A Christmas for Shacktown	Carl Barks
author	Patriarcha, or The Natural Power of Kings is a 1680 book by the English philosopher Robert Filmer.	Patriarcha	Robert Filmer
author	I Like It Here is a novel by the English writer Kingsley Amis, first published in 1958 by Victor Gollancz.	I Like It Here	Kingsley Amis
author	The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven is a 1993 collection of interconnected short stories by Sherman Alexie.	The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven	Sherman Alexie
author	The Denationalization of Money is a book written by Friedrich Hayek, and published in 1976, in which he advocated the establishment of competitively issued private moneys.	The Denationalization of Money	Friedrich Hayek
author	Cruel Shoes is a collection of offbeat, mostly humorous essays and short stories by Steve Martin, and his first published book, and is also the title of one of the pieces therein, a satirical short-short story about a woman in a shoe store.	Cruel Shoes	Steve Martin
author	Who Censored Roger Rabbit? is a mystery novel written by Gary K. Wolf in 1981, later adapted into the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988).	Who Censored Roger Rabbit?	Gary K. Wolf
author	No Longer at Ease is a 1960 novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe.	No Longer at Ease	Chinua Achebe
author	The Division Bell Mystery is a 1932 political murder mystery by the Labour MP Ellen Wilkinson.	The Division Bell Mystery	Ellen Wilkinson
author	Divagations is an 1897 prose collection by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé.	Divagations	Stéphane Mallarmé
author	Fool's Quest is the second book in the epic fantasy trilogy Fitz and the Fool, written by American author Robin Hobb.	Fool's Quest	Robin Hobb
author	Manrape (Swedish: Män kan inte våldtas, literally ``Men Can't Be Raped'') is a 1975 novel by Märta Tikkanen.	Manrape	Märta Tikkanen
author	A Year Down Yonder is a novel by Richard Peck published in 2000 and won the Newbery Medal in 2001.	A Year Down Yonder	Richard Peck
author	Jupiter's Travels is a book by Ted Simon which narrates his four-year journey through 126,000 km across 45 countries on a Triumph Tiger 100 500 cc motorcycle from 1973 to 1977.	Jupiter's Travels	Ted Simon
author	The Triumphs of Oriana is a book of English madrigals, compiled and published in 1601 by Thomas Morley, which first edition has 25 pieces by 23 composers (Thomas Morley and Ellis Gibbons have two madrigals).	The Triumphs of Oriana	Thomas Morley
author	Mistress Masham's Repose (1946) is a novel by T. H. White that describes the adventures of a girl who discovers a group of Lilliputians, a race of tiny people from Jonathan Swift's satirical classic Gulliver's Travels.	Mistress Masham's Repose	T. H. White
author	The Years of Lyndon Johnson is a biography of Lyndon B. Johnson by American writer Robert Caro.	The Years of Lyndon Johnson	Robert Caro
author	Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments is a book written in Persian by Dr Ali Asghar Hekmat E Shirazi and published in 1956 and 1958.	Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments	Hekmat E Shirazi
author	A Summer Bird-Cage is the 1963 debut novel by Margaret Drabble published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson.	A Summer Bird-Cage	Margaret Drabble
author	``The Empire of the Ants'' is a 1905 short story by H. G. Wells about the littleness of humanity and the tenuousness of the dominion Homo sapiens enjoys on Earth.	Empire of the Ants	H. G. Wells
author	The original Manual of the Planes was written by Jeff Grubb, with a cover by Jeff Easley and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian with Easley, and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 128-page hardcover.	Manual of the Planes	Jeff Grubb
author	Memories of Midnight, sometimes known as The Other Side of Midnight (Book 2) is a 1990 novel written by Sidney Sheldon.	Memories of Midnight	Sidney Sheldon
author	The Vesuvius Club is a 2004 historical spy story by Mark Gatiss.	The Vesuvius Club	Mark Gatiss
author	The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie, (also The Murder of Bindy MacKenzie in the US and Becoming Bindy MacKenzie in the UK) is a 2006 novel for young adults by Jaclyn Moriarty.	The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie	Jaclyn Moriarty
author	Questioning the Millennium is a 1997 book by Stephen Jay Gould that deals with the definition and calculation of the millennium and the cultural historical meaning of these questions.	Questioning the Millennium	Stephen Jay Gould
author	Treasure Box (1996) is the second horror novel by Orson Scott Card.	Treasure Box	Orson Scott Card
author	Strong Motion (1992) is the second novel by American author Jonathan Franzen.	Strong Motion	Jonathan Franzen
author	The Devouring is a teen horror novel by author Simon Holt.	The Devouring	Simon Holt
author	Tales from Silver Lands is a book by Charles Finger that won the Newbery Medal in 1925.	Tales from Silver Lands	Charles Finger
author	Happy Alchemy, first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1997, is a collection of writings by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies.	Happy Alchemy	Robertson Davies
author	``The Diamond Pit'' is a 2001 fantasy science fiction novella by Jack Dann.	The Diamond Pit	Jack Dann
author	Return to Killybegs (French: Retour à Killybegs) is a 2011 novel by the French writer Sorj Chalandon.	Return to Killybegs	Sorj Chalandon
author	Challenging the Chip is a 2006 book on ``labor rights and environmental justice in the global electronics industry'' edited by Ted Smith, David A. Sonnenfeld, and David Naguib Pellow .	Challenging the Chip	Ted Smith	David A. Sonnenfeld	David Naguib Pellow
author	Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee (On the Shorter End of Sun Avenue) is the third novel by author Thomas Brussig.	Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee	Thomas Brussig
author	Nazi Literature in the Americas (Spanish: La literatura Nazi en América) is a work of fiction by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño.	Nazi Literature in the Americas	Roberto Bolaño
author	The Greek Myths (1955) is a mythography, a compendium of Greek mythology, with comments and analyses, by the poet and writer Robert Graves, normally published in two volumes, though there are abridged editions that present the myths only.	The Greek Myths	Robert Graves
author	Tropic of Fear is a Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Supermystery novel, issued under the Carolyn Keene pseudonym.	Tropic of Fear	Carolyn Keene
author	The Diary of Lady Murasaki (紫式部日記 Murasaki Shikibu Nikki) is the title of fragments of a diary written by the 11th-century Japanese Heian era lady-in-waiting and writer Murasaki Shikibu, author of The Tale of Genji.	The Diary of Lady Murasaki	Murasaki Shikibu
author	Bird Life is a book written by Australian ornithologist Ian Rowley and published by Collins (Australia) in 1975 as part of its Australian Naturalist Library series.	Bird Life	Ian Rowley
author	Fight for Tomorrow was a six-issue limited series of comic books by writer Brian Wood and artist Denys Cowan, published 2002-2003 by Vertigo.	Fight for Tomorrow	Brian Wood
author	The first novel in David Weber's popular Honor Harrington series, On Basilisk Station, follows Commander Honor Harrington and Her Majesty's light cruiser Fearless during their assignment to the Basilisk system.	On Basilisk Station	David Weber
author	African Silences is a 1991 book by Peter Matthiessen published by Random House.	African Silences	Peter Matthiessen
author	The Keys to the Street is a crime novel by British writer Ruth Rendell from 1996.	The Keys to the Street	Ruth Rendell
author	Age of Iron is a 1990 novel by South African Nobel Prize winner J. M. Coetzee.	Age of Iron	J. M. Coetzee
author	The Silence of Dean Maitland is an 1886 novel by Maxwell Gray (the pen name of Mary Gleed Tuttiett).	The Silence of Dean Maitland	Mary Gleed Tuttiett
author	Green Manor is a Franco-Belgian comics series written by Fabien Vehlmann, illustrated by Denis Bodart and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English.	Green Manor	Fabien Vehlmann
author	Dragons of Light (1980) is an anthology edited by Orson Scott Card.	Dragons of Light	Orson Scott Card
author	``The Woman of Endor'' is a 2001 fantasy novelette by Sue Isle.	The Woman of Endor	Sue Isle
author	The Concept of Mind is a 1949 book by philosopher Gilbert Ryle that has been seen as a founding document in the philosophy of mind, which received professional recognition as a distinct and important branch of philosophy only after 1950.	The Concept of Mind	Gilbert Ryle
author	Command Authority is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and Mark Greaney published posthumously on December 3, 2013 by Putnam Adult.	Command Authority	Tom Clancy
author	Girl Meets Boy is a 2007 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith and published by Canongate in the Canongate Myth Series.	Girl Meets Boy	Ali Smith
author	They Would Never Hurt a Fly (Croatian: Oni ne bi ni mrava zgazili) is a 2004 historical non-fiction novel by Slavenka Drakulić discussing the personalities of the war criminals on trial in the Hague that destroyed the former Yugoslavia (see International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia).	They Would Never Hurt a Fly	Slavenka Drakulić
author	Side Man is a memory play by Warren Leight.	Side Man	Warren Leight
author	Thornyhold is a fantasy novel by Mary Stewart published in 1988.	Thornyhold	Mary Stewart
author	When Worlds Collide is a 1933 science fiction novel co-written by Philip Wylie and Edwin Balmer; they both also co-authored the sequel After Worlds Collide (1934).	When Worlds Collide	Philip Wylie	Edwin Balmer
author	Good-bye, Chunky Rice is a 1999 graphic novel about friendship written by Craig Thompson.	Good-bye, Chunky Rice	Craig Thompson
author	Banquet for the Damned is a 2004 horror novel and the debut novel of British author Adam Nevill.	Banquet for the Damned	Adam Nevill
author	The North Wind and the Sun is one of Aesop's Fables (Perry Index 46).	The North Wind and the Sun	Aesop
author	Nicomède is a tragedy by French dramatist Pierre Corneille, first performed in 1651.	Nicomède	Pierre Corneille
author	The Pendragon Protocol is an urban fantasy thriller by Philip Purser-Hallard, published in 2014 by Snowbooks.	The Pendragon Protocol	Philip Purser-Hallard
author	Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World (Japanese 世界の終りとハードボイルド・ワンダーランド; Sekai no owari to Hādo-Boirudo Wandārando, literally The End of the World & Hard-Boiled Wonderland) is a 1985 novel by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami.	Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World	Haruki Murakami
author	Dragons of Autumn Twilight is a 1984 fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, based on a series of Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) game modules.	Dragons of Autumn Twilight	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Wind, Sand and Stars (French title: Terre des hommes) is a memoir by the French aristocrat aviator-writer Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, and a winner of several literary awards.	Wind, Sand and Stars	Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
author	``Go See Eddie'' was one of J. D. Salinger's first short stories.	Go See Eddie	J. D. Salinger
author	The Education of Robert Nifkin is a 1998 novel written for young adults by United States author Daniel Pinkwater.	The Education of Robert Nifkin	Daniel Pinkwater
author	Two in the Far North is a biographical novel written by Margaret Murie.	Two in the Far North	Margaret Murie
author	Die Funktion des Orgasmus (The Function of the Orgasm) is a monograph about the ability to achieve orgasm published in 1927 by Sigmund Freud's follower Wilhelm Reich, later published in English as Genitality in the Theory and Therapy of Neurosis.	Genitality in the Theory and Therapy of Neurosis	Wilhelm Reich
author	Mrs. Kimble (2003) is Jennifer Haigh's debut novel.	Mrs. Kimble	Jennifer Haigh
author	Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite is a book written - and, some would say, compiled - by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom by Aidan Ellis in 1992 (ISBN 0-85628-200-6).	Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite	Michael de Larrabeiti
author	The Bug Wars (ISBN 0440108063) is a 1979 science fiction novel by Robert Asprin.	The Bug Wars	Robert Asprin
author	``Weirdworld'' was a fantasy series created by Doug Moench and Mike Ploog for American company Marvel Comics, set in a dimension of magic.	Weirdworld	Doug Moench
author	The Call of the Race (L'Appel de la race) is a controversial book by Québécois priest and historian Lionel Groulx.	The Call of the Race	Lionel Groulx
author	Goodbye Japan is a non-fiction book on Japan written by an American journalist Joseph Newman published in 1942.	Goodbye Japan	Joseph Newman
author	Mine for Keeps is a 1962 book by the Canadian children's author Jean Little.	Mine for Keeps	Jean Little
author	The Touch of Silk is a 1928 Australian play by Betty Roland about a French girl who marries a former Australian soldier after World War I. It was produced around Australia and was adapted several times for radio.	The Touch of Silk	Betty Roland
author	The Gutting of Couffignal (1925) is a hardboiled crime short story by Dashiell Hammett.	The Gutting of Couffignal	Dashiell Hammett
author	Nightrunners of Bengal is the title of the first novel by John Masters.	Nightrunners of Bengal	John Masters
author	On Paradise Drive is the second book written by conservative and occasionally centrist New York Times commentator David Brooks, released four years after his first book, Bobos in Paradise.	On Paradise Drive	David Brooks
author	``Aurora in Four Voices'' is a short science fiction novella written by Catherine Asaro and published in December 1998.	Aurora in Four Voices	Catherine Asaro
author	Essentials of Programming Languages (EOPL) is a textbook on programming languages by Daniel P. Friedman, Mitchell Wand, and Christopher T. Haynes.	Essentials of Programming Languages	Daniel P. Friedman	Mitchell Wand
author	Sketches New and Old is a group of fictional stories -- except for ``The Case of George Fisher'' -- by Mark Twain.	Sketches New and Old	Mark Twain
author	The Last Words of Dutch Schultz is a closet screenplay by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs, first published in 1970.	The Last Words of Dutch Schultz	William S. Burroughs
author	Welcome to the Desert of the Real is a 2002 book by Slavoj Žižek.	Welcome to the Desert of the Real	Slavoj Žižek
author	The National Gain (Swedish title: Den nationnale winsten) is the main work of the Finnish scientist, philosopher and politician Anders Chydenius, published in 1765.	The National Gain	Anders Chydenius
author	Sisterhood of Dune is a 2012 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson, set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert.	Sisterhood of Dune	Brian Herbert	Kevin J. Anderson
author	Lucky Dog by Leo Butler is play which premiered in the upstairs Jerwood Theatre of Royal Court in 2004.	Lucky Dog	Leo Butler
author	Xiccarph is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith, edited by Lin Carter.	Xiccarph	Clark Ashton Smith
author	Forest of the Pygmies, a 2004 novel by Chilean novelist Isabel Allende, is a threequel to City of the Beasts and Kingdom of the Golden Dragon.	Forest of the Pygmies	Isabel Allende
author	The Fire Chronicle is an adventure and fantasy novel written by John Stephens.	The Fire Chronicle	John Stephens
author	For a discussion of poetic style and technique in Argonautica see Apollonius of Rhodes#Poetic style	Argonautica	Apollonius of Rhodes
author	Beneath the Gated Sky is a science-fiction novel by Robert Reed, first published in 1997.	Beneath the Gated Sky	Robert Reed
author	Kierkegaardian Studies (French: Études kierkegaardiennes) is a 1938 book about Søren Kierkegaard by philosopher Jean Wahl.	Kierkegaardian Studies	Jean Wahl
author	The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz (fr.: Le Secret de Wilhelm Storitz) is a fantasy novel by Jules Verne, published by Louis-Jules Hetzel in 1910.	The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz	Jules Verne
author	A Voice Through a Cloud is an autobiographical novel by Denton Welch, who became a writer after a serious accident which had long-term effects on his health.	A Voice Through a Cloud	Denton Welch
author	The Sociological Imagination is a 1959 book by American sociologist C. Wright Mills published by Oxford University Press.	The Sociological Imagination	C. Wright Mills
author	After the End is a play by Dennis Kelly which premiered in 2005 produced by Paines Plough at the Traverse then Bush Theatre directed by Roxanna Silbert and starring Tom Brooke and Kerry Condon.	After the End	Dennis Kelly
author	The Chip-Chip Gatherers is a novel by Shiva Naipaul originally published in 1973 by Penguin Books.	The Chip-Chip Gatherers	Shiva Naipaul
author	Refugees from an Imaginary Country is a collection of dark fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer.	Refugees from an Imaginary Country	Darrell Schweitzer
author	A Change of Climate is a novel by English author Hilary Mantel, first published in 1994 by Viking Books.	A Change of Climate	Hilary Mantel
author	Personal Injuries is a novel by Scott Turow which was published in 1999.	Personal Injuries	Scott Turow
author	Barelli is a comics series featuring an eponymous character, created by Bob de Moor, which first appeared in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine Tintin on July 27, 1950.	Barelli	Bob de Moor
author	``When the People Fell'' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith, set in his ``Instrumentality'' universe.	When the People Fell	Cordwainer Smith
author	The Monkey and the Cat is best known as a fable adapted by Jean de La Fontaine under the title Le Singe et le Chat that appeared in the second collection of his Fables in 1679 (IX.17).	The Monkey and the Cat	Jean de La Fontaine
author	Chekago is the debut novel of the writer and academic Sarah Symmons.	Chekago	Sarah Symmons
author	``You didn't build that'' is a phrase from an election campaign speech delivered by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 13, 2012, in Roanoke, Virginia.	You didn't build that	Barack Obama
author	A Fine and Private Place is a fantasy novel written by Peter S. Beagle, the first of his major fantasies.	A Fine and Private Place	Peter S. Beagle
author	``The Pedestrian'' is a short story by best-selling science fiction author Ray Bradbury.	The Pedestrian	Ray Bradbury
author	The Smoky God, or A Voyage Journey to the Inner Earth is a novel of 1908 by Willis George Emerson, which is presented as a true account of a Norwegian sailor named Olaf Jansen, and explains how Jansen's sloop sailed through an entrance to the Earth's interior at the North Pole.	The Smoky God	Willis George Emerson
author	Lodore, also published under the title The Beautiful Widow, is the penultimate novel by Romantic novelist Mary Shelley, completed in 1833 and published in 1835.	Lodore	Mary Shelley
author	Fifty Shades Darker is a 2012 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James.	Fifty Shades Darker	E. L. James
author	Invariances is a 2001 book by Robert Nozick, his last book before his death in 2002.	Invariances	Robert Nozick
author	The European Tribe is the first book of essays by Caryl Phillips, published in 1987 (in the UK by Faber and Faber and in the US by Farrar, Straus & Giroux).	The European Tribe	Caryl Phillips
author	Badenheim 1939 is an Israeli novel by Aharon Appelfeld.	Badenheim 1939	Aharon Appelfeld
author	Our Man in Iraq (Croatian: Naš čovjek na terenu) is a novel by Croatian author Robert Perišić.	Our Man in Iraq	Robert Perišić
author	The Paris Wife is a 2011 novel by Paula McLain which became a New York Times Bestseller.	The Paris Wife	Paula McLain
author	The Secrets of Jin-Shei is a novel written by Alma A. Hromic (as Alma Alexander), published by HarperCollins in May 2004 in the U.S., and also published in several other countries in a total of eleven languages.	The Secrets of Jin-Shei	Alma Alexander
author	The Haunted Bookshop is the 1919 novel by Christopher Morley, now in the public domain in the United States.	The Haunted Bookshop	Christopher Morley
author	Tree Girl is an award-winning book which was published by Ben Mikaelsen in 2004.	Tree Girl	Ben Mikaelsen
author	Asterix the Gaul is the first volume of the Asterix comic strip series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations).	Asterix the Gaul	René Goscinny	Albert Uderzo
author	The Thibaults (Les Thibault in French) is a multi-volume roman fleuve by Roger Martin du Gard, which follows the fortunes of two brothers, Antoine and Jacques Thibault, from their upbringing in a prosperous Catholic bourgeois family to the end of the First World War.	The Thibaults	Roger Martin du Gard
author	The Encyclopedia of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Енциклопедія українознавства) is a fundamental work of Ukrainian Studies created under the auspices of the Shevchenko Scientific Society in Europe (Sarcelles, near Paris).	Encyclopedia of Ukraine	Shevchenko Scientific Society
author	``Whispers of the Mist Children'' is a 1999 fantasy short story by Trudi Canavan.	Whispers of the Mist Children	Trudi Canavan
author	Nightwood is a 1936 novel by Djuna Barnes first published in London by Faber and Faber.	Nightwood	Djuna Barnes
author	The Purpose Driven Church (1995) is a book written by Rick Warren, founder and senior pastor of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest, California, United States.	The Purpose Driven Church	Rick Warren
author	The Leopard Hunts in Darkness is a novel by Wilbur Smith set in the early days of Zimbabwe's independence and is the fourth in Wilbur Smith's series about the Ballantyne family of Rhodesia.	The Leopard Hunts in Darkness	Wilbur Smith
author	``A Fratricide'' (German: Ein Brudermord) is a short story by Franz Kafka written between December 1916 and January 1917.	A Fratricide	Franz Kafka
author	The King's General is a novel, published in 1946, by English author and playwright Daphne du Maurier.	The King's General	Daphne du Maurier
author	Star Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon, published in 1937.	Star Maker	Olaf Stapledon
author	The Death of Empedocles (German: Der Tod des Empedokles) is an unfinished drama by Friedrich Hölderlin.	The Death of Empedocles	Friedrich Hölderlin
author	Kieron Smith, Boy is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 2008.	Kieron Smith, Boy	James Kelman
author	Poverty, A Study of Town Life is the first book by the sociological researcher, social reformer and industrialist, Seebohm Rowntree, published in 1901.	Poverty, A Study of Town Life	Seebohm Rowntree
author	How the García Girls Lost Their Accents is a 1991 novel written by Dominican-American poet, novelist, and essayist Julia Alvarez.	How the García Girls Lost Their Accents	Julia Alvarez
author	Prince Silverwings and Other Stories is a 1902 children's book by Edith Ogden Harrison.	Prince Silverwings	Edith Ogden Harrison
author	The Spoils of Poynton is a novel by Henry James, first published under the title The Old Things as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1896 and then as a book in 1897.	The Spoils of Poynton	Henry James
author	Ystoria Mongalorum is a report, compiled by Giovanni da Pian del Carpine, of his trip to the Mongol Empire.	Ystoria Mongalorum	Giovanni da Pian del Carpine
author	The Real Anita Hill is a controversial 1993 book written by David Brock in which the author claimed to reveal the ``true motives'' of Anita Hill, who had accused Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment during his 1991 confirmation hearings.	The Real Anita Hill	David Brock
author	The River at Green Knowe is a children's novel written by Lucy M. Boston, first published in 1959.	The River at Green Knowe	Lucy M. Boston
author	The Janus Man is a 1987 thriller novel by British novelist Raymond Harold Sawkins, written under the pseudonym of Colin Forbes.	The Janus Man	Raymond Harold Sawkins
author	Joe the Barbarian is an eight-issue comic book limited series written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Sean Murphy.	Joe the Barbarian	Grant Morrison
author	Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People is a collection of stories by authors August Derleth and Mark Schorer writing in collaboration.	Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People	August Derleth	Mark Schorer
author	Populorum progressio is the encyclical written by Pope Paul VI on the topic of ``the development of peoples'' and that the economy of the world should serve mankind and not just the few.	Populorum progressio	Paul VI
author	We Need New Names is the 2013 debut novel of expatriate Zimbabwean writer NoViolet Bulawayo.	We Need New Names	NoViolet Bulawayo
author	Masked Prowler, The Story of a Raccoon (1950) is a children's novel written by John and Jean George and illustrated by Jean George, more famously known by her later novels as Jean Craighead George.	Masked Prowler, The Story of a Raccoon	Jean Craighead George
author	Triste Fim de Policarpo Quaresma (in English: The Tragic Fate of Policarpo Quaresma) is a novel by Pre-Modernist Brazilian writer Lima Barreto.	Triste Fim de Policarpo Quaresma	Lima Barreto
author	Sonnet 55 is one of the best and most critically acclaimed sonnets of the 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 55	William Shakespeare
author	Mäeküla piimamees (The Dairyman of Mäeküla) is a novel by Estonian author Eduard Vilde.	Mäeküla piimamees	Eduard Vilde
author	Love's Body is a 1966 book by Norman O. Brown, described by Camille Paglia as ``one of the most famous and influential books of my college years.''	Love's Body	Norman O. Brown
author	``Mademoiselle O'' is a memoir by Vladimir Nabokov about his eccentric Swiss-French governess.	Mademoiselle O	Vladimir Nabokov
author	``Mr. Prokharchin'' (Russian: Господин Прохарчин, Gospodin Prokharchin) is a short story written in 1846 by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and first published in the Annals of the Fatherland.	Mr. Prokharchin	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
author	``The Rule of Names'' is a short story by Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in the April 1964 issue of Fantastic, and reprinted in collections such as The Wind's Twelve Quarters.	The Rule of Names	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	A Fate Totally Worse than Death is a spoof horror novel for young adults by Paul Fleischman, published in 1995, in which a badly behaved clique of high school girls get their comeuppance.	A Fate Totally Worse than Death	Paul Fleischman
author	That Face is a two-act play written by Polly Stenham.	That Face	Polly Stenham
author	Somewhere Around the Corner is a children's novel written by Australian author Jackie French.	Somewhere Around the Corner	Jackie French
author	The Méthode pour la Guitare is a method for the classical guitar originally written in French by guitarist and composer Fernando Sor.	Méthode pour la Guitare	Fernando Sor
author	Searching for Caleb is Anne Tyler's sixth novel.	Searching for Caleb	Anne Tyler
author	The Manchurian Candidate (1959), by Richard Condon, is a political thriller novel about the son of a prominent US political family who is brainwashed into being an unwitting assassin for a Communist conspiracy.	The Manchurian Candidate	Richard Condon
author	``Viruses of the Mind'' is an essay by British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, first published in the book Dennett and His Critics:	Viruses of the Mind	Richard Dawkins
author	Tarzan's Quest is a 1935/1936 story written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the nineteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.	Tarzan's Quest	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Servitude et grandeur militaires is a book in three parts by Alfred de Vigny, published in 1835.	Servitude et grandeur militaires	Alfred de Vigny
author	The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket (1838) is the only complete novel written by American writer Edgar Allan Poe.	The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket	Edgar Allan Poe
author	``The Sweethearts; or, The Top and the Ball'' (Danish: Kjærestefolkene (Toppen og bolden)) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about the unrequited love a mahogany top suffers for a leather ball.	The Sweethearts; or, The Top and the Ball	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Political Process and the Development of the Black Insurgency 1930-1970 is a 1982 book by sociologist Doug McAdam (published by the University of Chicago Press).	Political Process and the Development of the Black Insurgency 1930-1970	Doug McAdam
author	Cloud Pictures (1872) is a book by Francis Henry Underwood.	Cloud Pictures	Francis Henry Underwood
author	Joseph Andrews, or The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and of his Friend Mr. Abraham Adams, was the first published full-length novel of the English author and magistrate Henry Fielding, and indeed among the first novels in the English language.	Joseph Andrews	Henry Fielding
author	The Celestial Omnibus and Other Stories is the title of a collection of short stories by E. M. Forster, first published in 1911.	The Celestial Omnibus	E. M. Forster
author	The Purchase of the North Pole or Topsy-Turvy (French: Sans dessus dessous) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne, published in 1889.	The Purchase of the North Pole	Jules Verne
author	Man in the Holocene (1979) is a novella by Swiss author Max Frisch, originally published in German in 1979, and in English in The New Yorker on May 19, 1980 (trans. Geoffrey Skelton).	Man in the Holocene	Max Frisch
author	Writing Degree Zero (French: Le degré zéro de l'écriture) is a book of literary criticism by Roland Barthes.	Writing Degree Zero	Roland Barthes
author	His Majesty, McDuck is a 1989 Donald Duck story by Don Rosa, first published in Uncle Scrooge Adventures #14.	His Majesty, McDuck	Don Rosa
author	Revolutionary Wealth is a book written by futurists Alvin Toffler and his wife Heidi Toffler, first published in 2006 by Knopf.	Revolutionary Wealth	Alvin Toffler
author	Tiassa is the thirteenth book in Steven Brust's Vlad Taltos series, set in the fantasy world of Dragaera.	Tiassa	Steven Brust
author	The White Disease (Czech: Bílá nemoc) is a play written by Czech novelist Karel Čapek in 1937.	The White Disease	Karel Čapek
author	Rediscovering Homer is a 2006 book by Andrew Dalby.	Rediscovering Homer	Andrew Dalby
author	Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz (1939) is the thirty-third in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors, and the nineteenth and last written by Ruth Plumly Thompson.	Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz	Ruth Plumly Thompson
author	Minions of the Moon is a science fiction novel by author William Gray Beyer, originally serialized in the magazine Argosy in 1939.	Minions of the Moon	William Gray Beyer
author	Il Giornalino di Gian Burrasca is an Italian novel by Vamba (aka Luigi Bertelli).	Il Giornalino di Gian Burrasca	Luigi Bertelli
author	À rebours (French pronunciation: ​(a ʁə.buʁ); translated Against Nature or Against the Grain) (1884) is a novel by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans.	À rebours	Joris-Karl Huysmans
award received	James Joseph Magennis VC (spelling originally McGinnes) (27 October 1919 -- 12 February 1986) was a Belfast-born recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Joseph Magennis	Victoria Cross
award received	In 2002, Kvinna Till Kvinna received the Right Livelihood Award.	Kvinna Till Kvinna	Right Livelihood Award
award received	Group Captain John Marlow Thompson, DSO, DFC, AFC, Royal Air Force, appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire	John Marlow Thompson	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Julia Ann (born October 8, 1969) is the stage name of American pornographic actress, feature dancer and Penthouse Pet Julia Tavella; she is a member of the AVN Hall of Fame and the XRCO Hall of Fame.	Julia Ann	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	On 7 March 1943 Konstantin Zaslonov was posthumously awarded the title of the ``Hero of the Soviet Union'' for exemplary execution of the Command's assignments in the fight against German occupiers and for display of valiance and show of heroism (by Decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR).	Konstantin Zaslonov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Kerim Kerimov was a Hero of Socialist Labour, laureate of Stalin, Lenin and State prizes of the Soviet Union, lieutenant-general of Soviet Army.	Kerim Kerimov	Hero of Socialist Labour
award received	Breaking the Waves won the Grand Prix at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival, the César Award for Best Foreign Film, and three awards at the 1996 European Film Awards, including Film of the Year, International Film Journalists Award, and European Actress of the Year (Watson).	Breaking the Waves	Grand Prix	César Award for Best Foreign Film
award received	René Belletto (born 1945) is a French writer, and winner of the Prix Femina, 1986, for L'Enfer.	René Belletto	Prix Femina
award received	Dina Džanković (Serbian: Дина Џанковић; born 27 October 1986) is a Serbian-Bosniak beauty pageant titleholder, who won the title of 2005 Miss Serbia and Montenegro on 18 December 2005.	Dina Džanković	Miss Serbia and Montenegro
award received	Peter-Eberhard Müllensiefen (5 August 1912 -- 18 February 2004) was a German Luftwaffe reconnaissance pilot and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Peter-Eberhard Müllensiefen	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 1991 Justine Saunders was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM), for her services to the performing arts, her services to the National Aboriginal Theatre, and for her assistance in setting up the Black Theatre and the Aboriginal National Theatre Trust.	Justine Saunders	Medal of the Order of Australia
award received	Lieutenant Colonel Harry Greenwood VC, DSO & Bar, OBE, MC (25 November 1881 -- 5 May 1948) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Harry Greenwood	Victoria Cross
award received	Claire Dan was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), and in 1986 a Member of the Order of Australia (AM), in recognition of her service to the performing arts.	Claire Dan	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	The Passionate Heart (French: Léon Morin, prêtre) is a 1952 novel by Béatrix Beck, which won the Prix Goncourt.	The Passionate Heart	Prix Goncourt
award received	Melvin Morris (born January 7, 1942) is a U.S. Army veteran of the Vietnam War, a Special Forces Soldier (``Green Beret''), and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Melvin Morris	Medal of Honor
award received	Artturi Ilmari Virtanen (Finnish: (ˈɑrtːuri ˈilmɑri ˈʋirtɑnen); 1895--1973) was a Finnish chemist and recipient of the 1945 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.	Artturi Ilmari Virtanen	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Inmarsat won the 2010 MacRobert Award for its Broadband Global Area Network (BGAN) service.	Inmarsat	MacRobert Award
award received	Marion Perry Maus (August 25, 1850 -- February 2, 1930) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor in action on January 11, 1886 in the Sierra Madre Mountains, Mexico.	Marion Perry Maus	Medal of Honor
award received	Janet Dawson (born 1935) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1973 with a portrait of Michael Boddy.	Janet Dawson	Archibald Prize
award received	(A./Capt.) Ernest Charles Hoy is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) in recognition of gallantry in flying operations against the enemy in France:	Ernest Charles Hoy	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	For Gass, it brought a Military Cross gazetted on 16 September 1918, the citation read: 2nd Lt. Charles George Gass, Lond.	Charles George Gass	Military Cross
award received	Jeff Wall was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in December 2007.	Jeff Wall	Officer of the Order of Canada
award received	Pavel Belyayev was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union (23 March 1965), Order of Lenin, Order of the Red Star, numerous medals and foreign orders.	Pavel Belyayev	Order of Lenin	Order of the Red Star
award received	Ildar Ibragimov (Tatar: Илдар Ибраһимов, İldar İbrahimov; Russian: Ильдар Ибрагимов; born 16 August 1967) is a chess Grandmaster.	Ildar Ibragimov	Grandmaster
award received	Josef Rauch (Feb 27, 1902 -- Aug. 14, 1984) was a German Colonel during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Josef Rauch	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Ilze Bērziņa (January 4, 1984, Rīga) is a Latvian chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster (2009).	Ilze Bērziņa	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Klaudia Kulon (born 13 March 1992) is a Polish chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Klaudia Kulon	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Military Cross Temporary Second Lieutenant Josiah Lewis Morgan, RAF.	Josiah Lewis Morgan	Military Cross
award received	Krešimir Ćosić (26 November 1948 -- 25 May 1995) was a Croatian professional basketball player who represented Yugoslavia internationally, a collegiate All-American at Brigham Young University, and a member of FIBA Hall of Fame and Basketball Hall of Fame.	Krešimir Ćosić	FIBA Hall of Fame
award received	Ivan Nikitich Konev (Russian: Иван Никитич Конев; 5 January 1899 -- 19 November 1983) was a Soviet Major General during World War II and a Hero of the Soviet Union.	Ivan Nikitich Konev	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Dr Richard Mead was also a Fellow of the Royal Society and a Freemason (although it is not known to which lodge he belonged).	Richard Mead	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Arieh Sharon (Hebrew: אריה שרון‎; May 28, 1900 -- July 24, 1984) was an Israeli architect and winner of the Israel Prize for Architecture in 1962.	Arieh Sharon	Israel Prize
award received	Professor Tawee Rujaneekorn (Thai: ทวี รัชนีกร) was in 2005 named a National Artist of Thailand.	Tawee Rujaneekorn	National Artist of Thailand
award received	Meg Gardiner (born May 15, 1957) is an Edgar Award-winning American crime writer, who lives in Austin, Texas.	Meg Gardiner	Edgar Award
award received	Leopold Karpeles (1838--1909) was a flagbearer in the Union Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War.	Leopold Karpeles	Medal of Honor
award received	Petra Schürmann-Freund (15 September 1933 -- 14 January 2010) was a German actress, model, TV announcer and beauty queen who won Miss World 1956.	Petra Schürmann	Miss World
award received	James Costigan (March 31, 1926 -- December 19, 2007) was an American television actor and Emmy Award-winning television screenwriter.	James Costigan	Emmy Award
award received	Anne Deveson was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1983 for services to the media and an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1993 for her work in community health and for increasing the public awareness of schizophrenia.	Anne Deveson	Officer of the Order of Australia
award received	Enrico Dalgas was made a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1864, received the Cross of Honour of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1867, received the Medal of Merit in Gold in 1875, and was made Commander 1st Class of the Dannebrog in 1887.	Enrico Dalgas	Order of the Dannebrog	Medal of Merit
award received	Nadia Sharmeen (Bengali: নাদিয়া শারমীন) is a crime reporter from Bangladesh, who in 2015 won the US State Department's International Women of Courage Award.	Nadia Sharmeen	International Women of Courage Award
award received	In 2011, in recognition for his writing on the framing and working of the Indian Constitution, Granville Austin was awarded a Padma Shri award, the fourth highest civilian honor of the Republic of India.	Granville Austin	Padma Shri
award received	Kiai Haji Zainal Mustafa (1899 -- 25 October 1944), born Hudaemi, and also known as Zainal Mustofa, was an Indonesian ulama and National Hero of Indonesia.	Zainal Mustafa	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Brigadier General Francis Aylmer Maxwell VC, CSI, DSO & Bar (7 September 1871 -- 21 September 1917) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross (VC), the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Francis Aylmer Maxwell	Victoria Cross
award received	Distinguished Flying Cross Lieutenant (Acting Captain) George Everard Gibbons, MC.	George Everard Gibbons	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Hillary Beyer (September 28, 1837 -- September 24, 1907) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War and received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Antietam on September 17, 1862.	Hillary Beyer	Medal of Honor
award received	Bobby Flay's Bold American Food (1995) Daytime Emmy Award nominee for Outstanding Service Show --	Bobby Flay	Daytime Emmy Award
award received	Major General Llewelyn Alberic Emilius Price-Davies VC, CB, CMG, DSO (30 June 1878 -- 26 December 1965) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Llewelyn Alberic Emilius Price-Davies	Victoria Cross
award received	Ankit Rajpara (born 27 August 1994) is an India's 36th chess Grandmaster and a chess prodigy from Gujarat.	Ankit Rajpara	Grandmaster
award received	Rob Akers was a recipient of the Centenary Medal in 2001 for: ``distinguished service to the community through parliament, local government and the Lions Club'' Sometimes incorrectly identified as the author of a widely distributed 1996 paper on religious discrimination in Queensland:	Rob Akers	Centenary Medal
award received	In 1991, Out of the Past was added to the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.''	Out of the Past	National Film Registry
award received	In 1996, The Jazz Singer was selected for preservation in the U.S. Library of Congress's National Film Registry of ``culturally, historically or aesthetically significant'' motion pictures.	The Jazz Singer	National Film Registry
award received	Nicholas Harding (born 1956) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 2001 with a portrait of John Bell as King Lear.	Nicholas Harding	Archibald Prize
award received	Guggenheim Fellowship, 1968 Royal Canadian Academy of Arts Canada Post honored Jack Bush with a Canadian postage stamp and a souvenir sheet released on March 20, 2009.	Jack Bush	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Alfonso Almeida Saenz (born 12 October 1966) is a chess International Master from Mexico.	Alfonso Almeida	International Master
award received	William Beckwith McInnes (18 May 1889 -- 9 November 1939) was an Australian portrait painter, winner of the Archibald Prize seven times for his traditional style paintings.	William Beckwith McInnes	Archibald Prize
award received	Hsu Li Yang (born 1972) is a Singapore chess International Master.	Hsu Li Yang	International Master
award received	Robert Temple Emmet (December 13, 1854 -- October 25, 1936) was a United States Army Colonel who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for actions while surrounded by a much larger force.	Robert Temple Emmet	Medal of Honor
award received	Franz Eckerle (24 April 1912 -- 14 February 1942) was a German former Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat.	Franz Eckerle	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Histoire d'un fait divers (1946) is a novel by the French author Jean-Jacques Gautier, winning the Prix Goncourt in 1946.	Histoire d'un fait divers	Prix Goncourt
award received	Karl Gilg (20 January 1901, in Mankovice (Mankendorf), Austrian Silesia -- 4 December 1981, in Kolbermoor, Bavaria) was a German chess International Master from Czechoslovakia.	Karl Gilg	International Master
award received	Brigid Pasulka is an American author and winner of the 2010 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award for her novel A Long, Long Time Ago and Essentially True, which she wrote after spending a year in Krakow, Poland.	Brigid Pasulka	Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award
award received	Vladislav Nevednichy (born September 3, 1969) is a Romanian chess Grandmaster (1993) and Romanian champion in 2008.	Vladislav Nevednichy	Grandmaster
award received	Ning Chunhong (Chinese: 宁春红; born January 21, 1968) is a Chinese chess Woman Grandmaster.	Ning Chunhong	Woman Grandmaster
award received	In 1946 she was appointed a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire, becoming Dame Clementine Churchill GBE.	Clementine Churchill	Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Albrecht Kossel, New York Times interview Kossel was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1910 for his research in cell biology, the chemical composition of the cell nucleus, and for his work in isolating and describing nucleic acids.	Albrecht Kossel	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Albert Palle (14 September 1916 Le Havre (Seine-Maritime) - 8 March 2007 Paris) was a French writer, and winner of the 1959 Prix Renaudot.	Albert Palle	Prix Renaudot
award received	Vlastimil Jansa was awarded the International Master title in 1965 and became a Grandmaster in 1974.	Vlastimil Jansa	Grandmaster
award received	Sir Owen Willans Richardson, FRS (26 April 1879 -- 15 February 1959) was a British physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1928 for his work on thermionic emission, which led to Richardson's law.	Owen Willans Richardson	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Mateusz Bartel (born 3 January 1985 in Warsaw) is a Polish chess player who holds the title of International Grandmaster (GM).	Mateusz Bartel	Grandmaster
award received	Žarko Zrenjanin ``Uča'' (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Зрењанин, pronounced (ʒǎːrkɔ zrɛ̌ɲanin ǔːt͡ʃa); 11 September 1902 in Izbište -- 4 November 1942 in Pavliš) was a partisan and National Hero of Yugoslavia.	Žarko Zrenjanin	National Hero of Yugoslavia
award received	Wanda Bottesi (born in Innsbruck) is an Austrian Righteous Among the Nations.	Wanda Bottesi	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Statue of Griffith and Ron Howard (as Andy and Opie) constructed in Pullen Park in Raleigh, North Carolina Andy Griffith signature model guitar commissioned by C.F. Martin & Company 2005 Presidential Medal of Freedom Christian Music Hall of Fame inductee (class of 2007).	Andy Griffith	Presidential Medal of Freedom
award received	Amy Shuard was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).	Amy Shuard	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Walther Hahm (21 December 1894 -- 11 August 1951) was a German general who held several commands at division and corps level during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Walther Hahm	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
child	Domenico Colombo (English: Dominic Columbus, Genoese: Domenego Corombo) (1418--1496) was the father of navigator Christopher Columbus and Bartholomew Columbus.	Domenico Colombo	Bartholomew Columbus
child	Ras Desta and Princess Tenagnework were the parents of two sons, Princes Amha and Iskinder Desta (later Rear Admiral), and four daughters, Princesses Aida Desta, Seble Desta, Sophia Desta and Hirut Desta.	Princess Tenagnework	Hirut Desta
child	Hsu Ta Tung (1909-1982), was a Chinese business magnate and the father of Daisy Hsu and Rita Fan.	Hsu Ta Tung	Rita Fan
child	Satyavati bore Shantanu two children, Chitrangada and Vichitravirya.	Satyavati	Chitrangada	Vichitravirya
child	Hsue-Chu Tsien had three sons, the oldest Richard W. Tsien is a famous neurobiologist at Stanford who's also member of both the United States National Academy of Sciences and Institute of Medicine; the youngest - Roger Y. Tsien is a cell biologist who is the 2008 Nobel Chemistry Prize Laureate.	Hsue-Chu Tsien	Roger Y. Tsien
child	According to the saga Fáistine Fergaile meic Máele Dúin (``Fergal mac Máele Dúin's Prophecy'') his son Áed Allán was born by a daughter of the high king Congal Cendmagair in an illicit union while the mother of his son Niall Frossach was of the Ciannachta.	Fergal mac Máele Dúin	Niall Frossach
child	Halmir was the son of Haldan and had four children: sons Haldir and Hundar, and daughters Hareth and Hiril.	Halmir	Haldir	Hundar	Hareth	Hiril
child	Phanuel (Greek: Φανουήλ, Hebrew: פְּנוּאֵל‎ Phənū’êl), also known as Penuel or Penueul, was the father of Anna the prophetess.	Phanuel	Anna
child	Sprota was the name of a Breton captive who William I, Duke of Normandy took as a wife in the Viking fashion (more danico) and by her had a son, Richard I, Duke of Normandy.	Sprota	Richard I, Duke of Normandy
child	Alan II, Earl of Menteith married an unknown lady, by whom he had a daughter Mary II, Countess of Menteith.	Alan II, Earl of Menteith	Mary II, Countess of Menteith
child	Sune Bergström was the father of the evolutionary geneticist Svante Pääbo and of the businessman Rurik Bergström (both born 1955).	Sune Bergström	Svante Pääbo
child	Thrasyvoulos Zaimis was the father of Alexandros Zaimis, also a Prime Minister of Greece.	Thrasyvoulos Zaimis	Alexandros Zaimis
child	Minkhaung II died in April 1501 and was succeeded by his younger son Shwenankyawshin (Narapati II).	Minkhaung II	Shwenankyawshin
child	One day, Poseidon, filled with lust for Tyro, disguised himself as Enipeus, and from their union were born the heroes Pelias and Neleus, twin boys.	Poseidon	Pelias	Neleus
child	They had two sons, John Murdoch Harbert IV (born with William's Syndrome) and Raymond J. Harbert (who founded Harbert Management Corporation in 1993), and a daughter, Marguerite Harbert Gray.	Marguerite Harbert	Raymond J. Harbert
child	Heinrich Marx (15 April 1777, Saarlouis -- 10 May 1838, Trier) was a lawyer and the father of the socialist philosopher Karl Marx.	Heinrich Marx	Karl Marx
child	In Greek mythology, Teleon (Τελέων, gen. Τελέοντος) was known as the father of two of the Argonauts, Butes and Eribotes.	Teleon	Eribotes
child	Nizam Bai Sahiba (before 1631 - 1692) was a Queen of Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah I and Jahandar Shah's mother.	Nizam Bai	Jahandar Shah
child	This daughter, Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin, became an accomplished writer herself, as Mary Shelley, the author of Frankenstein.	Mary Wollstonecraft	Mary Shelley
child	Jan Sanders van Hemessen trained his daughter Catharina van Hemessen who became a successful portrait painter.	Jan Sanders van Hemessen	Catharina van Hemessen
child	In 925, Wang Shenzhi grew ill, and he put his oldest son Wang Yanhan, then the deputy military governor of Weiwu, in charge of the affairs of the state.	Wang Shenzhi	Wang Yanhan
child	Besides Bajaj Auto Ltd, the other major companies in the group include Mukand Ltd, Bajaj Electricals Ltd and Bajaj Hindusthan Ltd. One of his grandsons, Rahul Bajaj, runs the family flagship company, Bajaj Auto. Several institutions in India bears his name, including the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies.	Jamnalal Bajaj	Rahul Bajaj
child	Heather also ignored the fact that all Hunnic rulers before Attila, as well his father Mundzuk, paternal uncles Octar, Ruga and Oebarsius, wife Kreka, father-in-law Eskam, and sons Ellac, Dengizich and Ernak, have names of Turkic origin.	Attila	Ellac	Dengizich
child	In the tale Daedalion, grief-stricken following the death of his daughter Chione, attempts to cast himself off Mount Parnassus only to be transformed into a hawk by Apollo.	Daedalion	Chione
child	Edith Frank (née Holländer; 16 January 1900 -- 6 January 1945) was the mother of Holocaust diarist Anne Frank.	Edith Frank	Anne Frank
child	Sabika bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa (born in Muharraq in 1948) is the Queen consort of Bahrain as the first wife of the present King of Bahrain, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, and the mother of the Crown Prince, Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.	Sabika bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa	Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa
child	In 1908, Menelik's grandson and heir, Lij Iyasu married Sabla Wangel Hailu, the daughter of Hailu Tekle Haymanot.	Hailu Tekle Haymanot	Sabla Wangel Hailu
child	Kilpatrick had five children: actor and composer Lincoln Kilpatrick, Jr.; writer, director and actor DaCarla Kilpatrick; actor and director Erik Kilpatrick; actor Jozella Reed; and producer Marjorie L. Kilpatrick.	Lincoln Kilpatrick	Erik Kilpatrick
child	Elis Strömgren's son was the astronomer Bengt Strömgren, who succeeded his father in Copenhagen in 1940.	Elis Strömgren	Bengt Strömgren
child	Demaratus (Greek: Δημάρατος), frequently called Demaratus of Corinth, was the father of Lucius Tarquinius Priscus, the fifth King of Rome, and the grandfather or great-grandfather of Lucius Tarquinius Superbus, the seventh and last Roman king.	Demaratus of Corinth	Lucius Tarquinius Priscus
child	Nick Begich had six children, named Mark, Nichelle, Tom, Stephanie, Paul, and Nick Jr. His son Mark Begich was the junior U.S. Senator from Alaska.	Nick Begich	Mark Begich
child	Amandil is most noted for being the father of Elendil, founder of the Númenórean Realms in Exile.	Amandil	Elendil
child	Nguyễn Phúc Luân or Nguyễn Phúc Côn (阮福㫻, 1733--1765) was a son of lord Nguyễn Phúc Khoát and father of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh (future emperor Gia Long of Vietnam).	Nguyễn Phúc Luân	Gia Long
child	Lucy Walter or Lucy Barlow (c. 1630 -- 1658) was a mistress of King Charles II of England and mother of James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth.	Lucy Walter	James Scott, 1st Duke of Monmouth
conflict	Thomas Turpin Crittenden (October 16, 1825 -- September 5, 1905) was a Union general in the American Civil War.	Thomas Turpin Crittenden	American Civil War
conflict	Horatio Nelson Young (July 19, 1845 -- July 3, 1913) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions on the USS Lehigh during the American Civil War.	Horatio Nelson Young	American Civil War
conflict	Richard Conner (December 23, 1843--November 4, 1923) was an American Civil War Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his bravery in action.	Richard Conner	American Civil War
conflict	Bruno Sutkus (Lithuanian: Bronius Sutkus, 14 May 1924 -- 29 August 2003) was a Lithuanian-German sniper in the 68th Infantry Division of the German Army, on the Eastern Front of World War II, and was credited with 209 kills.	Bruno Sutkus	World War II
conflict	Waldemar Mehl (7 September 1914 in Grävenwiesbach, Hesse--29 March 1996 in Wiesbaden) was a German U-boat commander during World War II, and recipient of the (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Waldemar Mehl	World War II
conflict	Cecil Clay (February 13, 1842 -- September 23, 1903) was captain of Company K in the 58th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Cecil Clay	American Civil War
conflict	Gonzalo Queipo de Llano y Sierra, 1st Marquis of Queipo de Llano (February 5, 1875 -- March 9, 1951) was a Spanish military leader who rose to prominence during Francisco Franco's coup d'état and the subsequent Spanish Civil War.	Gonzalo Queipo de Llano	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Sidronio Camacho was one of the soldiers of Emiliano Zapata during the Mexican Revolution, and the killer of Emiliano's brother, Eufemio.	Sidronio Camacho	Mexican Revolution
conflict	Alonzo Watson (1891 --1937) was an American anti-Fascist, historically famous as one of the first American anti-Fascist volunteers --as well as the first African American --to fall on the field of battle during the Spanish Civil War (1936-1939).	Alonzo Watson	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Claude-Henri Belgrand de Vaubois (1 October 1748 in Ville-sous-la-Ferté, Aube -- 5 November 1839) was a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Claude-Henri Belgrand de Vaubois	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Cayetano Valdés y Flores Bazán (1767--1835) was a commander of the Spanish Navy, explorer, and captain general who served in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, fighting for both sides at different times due to the changing fortunes of Spain in the conflict.	Cayetano Valdés y Flores	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Despite the introduction of the Remington Model 700 rifle, the pre '64 Winchester Model 70 was still used by the US Marine Corps' scout/sniper teams during the Vietnam War alongside the Remington Model 700 rifle.	Winchester Model 70	Vietnam War
conflict	Youcef Zighoud : (in Arabic : يوسف زيغود February 18, 1921 - September 25, 1956) was an Algerian FLN party fighter during the Algerian War.	Youcef Zighoud	Algerian War
conflict	Collett Leventhorpe (May 15, 1815 -- December 1, 1889) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Collett Leventhorpe	American Civil War
conflict	In 659 Ali's forces and the Kharijites met in the Battle of Nahrawan.	Ali	Battle of Nahrawan
conflict	Commodore Arthur Sinclair (28 February 1780 -- 7 February 1831) was an early American naval hero, who served in the U.S. Navy during the Quasi-War with France, the First Barbary War and in the War of 1812.	Arthur Sinclair	Quasi-War	First Barbary War	War of 1812
conflict	Gustav Schubert (11 November 1916 -- 16 January 1945) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Gustav Schubert	World War II
conflict	Michael Strank (November 10, 1919 -- March 1, 1945) was a United States Marine Corps sergeant who fought in the Pacific during World War II and was killed in action during the battle of Iwo Jima.	Michael Strank	World War II
conflict	Peter Strasser (1 April 1876 -- 5 August 1918) was chief commander of German Imperial Navy Zeppelins during World War I, the main force operating bombing campaigns from 1915 to 1917.	Peter Strasser	World War I
conflict	The Fiat CR.32 was an Italian biplane fighter used in the Spanish Civil War and World War II. This nimble little Fiat was compact, robust and highly manoeuvrable and gave impressive displays all over Europe in the hands of the Pattuglie Acrobatiche.	Fiat CR.32	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Harold Huston George (14 September 1892 -- 29 April 1942) was a general officer in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. He began his military career before World War I when he enlisted as a private in the 3rd New York Infantry Regiment.	Harold Huston George	World War I
conflict	Chief adjutant François Delzenne was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.	François Delzenne	World War I
conflict	Ludwig Bieringer (1892--1975) was a German general during World War II. A lifelong professional soldier, he served his country as a junior officer in World War I, a staff officer in the inter-war period and a brigade-level commander during World War II.	Ludwig Bieringer	World War I
conflict	James E. Earheart, Jr., (1913--1942), was a United States Marine killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions.	James E. Earheart, Jr.	World War II
conflict	Patrick Joseph Walsh (1908--1942) was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions.	Patrick Joseph Walsh	World War II
conflict	Major-General August von Kruse (1779 in Wiesbaden, Nassau (modern-day Germany) -- January 1848), was a general in the army of the Duke of Nassau during the Napoleonic Wars and an experimental farmer in his retirement.	August von Kruse	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Viktor Weber Edler von Webenau (* 13 November 1861 in Neuhaus; † 6 May 1932 in Innsbruck), General in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I, military governor of Montenegro between 1916 and 1917 and head of the Austro-Hungarian armistice commission (Armistice of villa Giusti.)	Viktor Weber Edler von Webenau	World War I
conflict	William B. Poole (1833--1904) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War.	William B. Poole	American Civil War
conflict	However, when the United Kingdom entered World War II, the .55 Boys round was soon found to be lacking against even the tanks used by enemy forces in 1939.	.55 Boys	World War II
conflict	Jean François Leval (18 April 1762 -- 7 August 1834) was promoted to general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division in a number of battles during the Napoleonic Wars.	Jean François Leval	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Juan Hernández Saravia (Ledesma, Spain, 1880--Mexico, 1962) was a high-ranking Spanish military officer of the Republican government forces during the Spanish Civil War.	Juan Hernández Saravia	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Ahmed Zabana (Arabic: أحمد زبانة‎) (real name: Ahmed Zahana), born in 1926 in El Ksar, near Zahana about 32 km far from Oran, was an Algerian militant who participated in the outbreak of the Algerian War of liberation.	Ahmed Zabana	Algerian War
conflict	Alan Seeger (22 June 1888 -- 4 July 1916) was an American poet who fought and died in World War I during the Battle of the Somme serving in the French Foreign Legion.	Alan Seeger	World War I
conflict	John A. Poindexter (October 12, 1825 -- April 14, 1869) was a colonel in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.	John A. Poindexter	American Civil War
conflict	Corporal Frederick John Knowles MM (born 1895 in Nairn, Moray, Scotland; date of death unknown) was a Scottish World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.	Frederick John Knowles	World War I
conflict	Captain Albert Gregory Waller MC was an Irish-born World War I flying ace credited with 11 confirmed victories.	Albert Gregory Waller	World War I
conflict	Thornton A. Jenkins (11 December 1811 -- 9 August 1893) was an officer in the United States Navy, who served during the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.	Thornton A. Jenkins	American Civil War
conflict	Maria van Schooten (1555--73) was a Dutch heroine from the Eighty Years' War.	Maria van Schooten	Eighty Years' War
conflict	Robert Latimer McCook (December 28, 1827 - August 6, 1862) was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was killed by Confederate partisans in Alabama.	Robert Latimer McCook	American Civil War
conflict	Horatio L. Birdsall (1833--November 29, 1891) was a sergeant who served the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Horatio L. Birdsall	American Civil War
conflict	Addison Hiatt Sanders (September 13, 1823 -- November 7, 1912) was a newspaper editor who joined the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Addison Hiatt Sanders	American Civil War
conflict	Lieutenant-General Friedrich Wilhelm Magnus Heinrich Walter von Eberhardt (7 January 1862 - 7 January 1944), generally known as Walter von Eberhardt, was a German military commander during World War I and the Lithuanian--	Walter von Eberhardt	World War I
conflict	Henry Brainerd McClellan (October 17, 1840--October 1, 1904) was an officer and adjutant general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War (Civil War), a teacher and author.	Henry Brainerd McClellan	American Civil War
conflict	Frederick Muller (March 29, 1861 -- June 9, 1946) was a sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Frederick Muller	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Sergeant Frederick Jarvis (1841 -- April 8, 1894) was an American soldier in the United States Army who served with the 1st U.S. Cavalry regiment during the Apache Wars.	Frederick Jarvis	Apache Wars
conflict	Charles H. Foy (1809 -- 30 May 1866) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War.	Charles H. Foy	American Civil War
conflict	Jean Vallette d'Osia (16 August 1898 - 28 February 2000) was a French officer best known for his action in the French Resistance during World War II in Haute-Savoie, notably supervising the liberation of Lyon.	Jean Vallette d'Osia	World War II
conflict	Sabine Ulibarrí served his country in World War II with the U.S. Army Air Corps.	Sabine Ulibarrí	World War II
conflict	The initial T-34 version had a powerful 76.2 mm gun, and is often called the T-34/76 (originally a World War II German designation).	T-34	World War II
conflict	Joseph S. Manning (April 13, 1845 -- December 27, 1905) was a private in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the American Civil War.	Joseph S. Manning	American Civil War
conflict	Gerhard Bielig (28 April 1916 -- 29 September 2004) was a German U-boat engineer (Ing.) in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Gerhard Bielig	World War II
conflict	Samuel Hood, 1st Viscount Hood (12 December 1724 -- 27 January 1816) was a British admiral known particularly for his service in the American Revolutionary War and French Revolutionary Wars.	Samuel Hood, 1st Viscount Hood	American Revolutionary War	French Revolutionary Wars
conflict	Admiral Sir Manley Laurence Power KCB, CBE, DSO & Bar, DL (10 January 1904 -- 17 May 1981) was a Royal Navy Admiral who fought in World War II as a Captain and later rose to more senior ranks, including the NATO position Allied Commander-in-Chief, Channel.	Manley Laurence Power	World War II
conflict	Colonel Reginald Clive Gallop (4 February 1892 - 7 September 1960) was a World War I pilot, racing driver and race engineer.	Clive Gallop	World War I
conflict	Mitchell Red Cloud, Jr. (2 July 1925 -- 5 November 1950) was a Marine in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, and later a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War.	Mitchell Red Cloud, Jr.	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Joseph Dana Webster was a United States civil engineer and soldier most noted for administrative services during the American Civil War, where he served as chief of staff to both Ulysses S. Grant and William T. Sherman.	Joseph Dana Webster	American Civil War
conflict	Morgan Henry Chrysler (September 30, 1822 -- August 24, 1890) was an American soldier who served as a Union Army general during the American Civil War.	Morgan Henry Chrysler	American Civil War
conflict	Wallace Pike (22 December 1899 -- 11 April 1999) was the last known Newfoundland World War I veteran.	Wallace Pike	World War I
conflict	The 7th Indian Infantry Division was a war-formed infantry division, part of the Indian Army during World War II that saw service in the Burma Campaign.	7th Indian Infantry Division	World War II
conflict	Heinz Polz (6 November 1916 -- 27 May 2007) was an Oberwachtmeister in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Heinz Polz	World War II
conflict	The Battle of San Francisco, also known as the Battle of Dolores, was a major battle in the Tarapacá Campaign of the War of the Pacific, fought on November 19, 1879, in the Peruvian department of Tarapacá.	Battle of San Francisco	War of the Pacific
conflict	James McCormack, Jr. (8 November 1910 -- 3 January 1975) was a United States Army officer who served in World War II, and was later the first Director of Military Applications of the United States Atomic Energy Commission.	James McCormack	World War II
constellation	AW Canum Venaticorum (AW CVn) is a star in the constellation Canes Venatici.	AW Canum Venaticorum	Canes Venatici
constellation	OGLE-TR-211 is a distant magnitude 14 star located about 17,000 light years away in the constellation of Carina.	OGLE-TR-211	Carina
constellation	HR 3803 or N Velorum (N Vel) is a 3rd-magnitude star on the border between the southern constellations Carina and Vela.	HR 3803	Vela
constellation	NGC 4036 is the New General Catalogue identifier for a lenticular galaxy in the northern circumpolar constellation of Ursa Major.	NGC 4036	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 117207 is a star located approximately 108 light years away in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 117207	Centaurus
constellation	Alpha Hydri (α Hyi, α Hydri) is the second brightest star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Hydrus.	Alpha Hydri	Hydrus
constellation	Lambda Tauri (λ Tau, λ Tauri) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus.	Lambda Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Nu Aquarii (ν Aqr, ν Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Nu Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	52 Herculis (52 Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	52 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	Kepler-18 is a star with almost the same mass as the Sun in the Cygnus constellation with 3 confirmed planets, announced in 2011.	Kepler-18	Cygnus
constellation	98 Herculis (98 Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	98 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	Omega Capricorni (ω Cap, ω Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus, with the traditional but seldom used name Baten Algiedi, which is Arabic for ``belly of the goat''.	Omega Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	R Corvi (R Crv) is a Mira variable star in the constellation Corvus, which ranges from a magnitude of 6.7 to 14.4 with a period of approximately 317 days.	R Corvi	Corvus
constellation	HD 91942, also known as r Carinae (r Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 91942	Carina
constellation	Rho Indi (Bright Star designation HR 8701) is a yellow subgiant star in the constellation Indus.	Rho Indi	Indus
constellation	Xi Serpentis (ξ Ser, ξ Serpentis) is a triple star system in the constellation Serpens.	Xi Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	NGC 3766 is an open star cluster in the southern constellation Centaurus.	NGC 3766	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 5750 is a barred spiral galaxy with an active galactic nucleus in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5750	Virgo
constellation	Lambda Virginis (λ Vir, λ Virginis) is a binary star in the constellation Virgo.	Lambda Virginis	Virgo
constellation	Alpha Pyxidis (Alpha Pyx, α Pyxidis, α Pyx) is a giant star in the constellation Pyxis.	Alpha Pyxidis	Pyxis
constellation	WISE 1738+2732 (full designation WISEPA J173835.53+273258.9) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Hercules at 25.5 light-years from Earth.	WISEPA J173835.53+273258.9	Hercules
constellation	Rho Centauri (ρ Cen, ρ Centauri) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Rho Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 2207 and IC 2163 are a pair of colliding spiral galaxies about 80 million light-years away in the constellation Canis Major.	NGC 2207 and IC 2163	Canis Major
constellation	V744 Centauri, is a semi-regular variable pulsating star in the constellation Centaurus.	V744 Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	56 Aquarii (abbreviated 56 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	56 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 3169 is a spiral galaxy about 75 million light years away in the constellation Sextans.	NGC 3169	Sextans
constellation	32 Boötis (32 Boo) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	32 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	V391 Pegasi b, also known as HS 2201+2610 b, is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star V391 Pegasi approximately 4570 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus.	V391 Pegasi b	Pegasus
constellation	Kapteyn's Star is a class M1 red dwarf about 12.76 light years from Earth in the southern constellation Pictor, and the closest halo star to the Solar System.	Kapteyn's Star	Pictor
constellation	Messier 91 (also known as NGC 4548 or M91) is a barred spiral galaxy located in the Coma Berenices constellation and is part of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies.	Messier 91	Coma Berenices
constellation	HD 209458 b (sometimes unofficially called Osiris) is an exoplanet that orbits the solar analog HD 209458 in the constellation Pegasus, some 150 light-years from the Solar System.	HD 209458 b	Pegasus
constellation	NGC 67 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Andromeda that was discovered on October 7, 1855 by R. J. Mitchell, who described it as ``extremely faint, very small, round''.	NGC 67	Andromeda
constellation	NGC 6217 is a barred spiral galaxy located some 67 million light years away, in the constellation Ursa Minor.	NGC 6217	Ursa Minor
constellation	HD 148156 is an 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 168 light years away in the constellation Norma.	HD 148156	Norma
constellation	WR 22, also known as V429 Carinae or HR 4188, is a Wolf-Rayet (WR) star in the constellation Carina.	WR 22	Carina
constellation	L 97-12 (or WD 0752-676, or LHS 34, or Gliese 293) is a nearby degenerate star (white dwarf), located in the constellation Volans, the single known component of the system.	L 97-12	Volans
constellation	9 Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes.	9 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	EQ Pegasi is a system of two red dwarf stars of spectral types M3.5V and M4.5V, located in constellation Pegasus at 20 light-years from Earth.	EQ Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	Kepler-23b is an exoplanet orbiting Kepler-23, located in the Cygnus constellation.	Kepler-23b	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 4217 is an edge-on spiral galaxy which lies approximately 60 million light-years ( 18 million parsecs ) away in the constellation of Canes Venatici.	NGC 4217	Canes Venatici
constellation	NGC 4314 is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 40 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices.	NGC 4314	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 2371-2 is a dual lobed planetary nebula located in the constellation Gemini.	NGC 2371-2	Gemini
constellation	Gamma Scuti (γ Sct, γ Scuti) is a star in the constellation Scutum.	Gamma Scuti	Scutum
constellation	DX Cancri is the variable star identifier for a small star in the northern zodiac constellation of Cancer the crab.	DX Cancri	Cancer
constellation	GD 165 is a system of a white dwarf and a brown dwarf of spectral types DA4 + L4, located in constellation Boötes at approximately 103 light-years from Earth.	GD 165	Boötes
constellation	HD 290327 is a 9th magnitude G-type subgiant star located approximately 180 light years away in the constellation Orion.	HD 290327	Orion
constellation	HD 171301 and BD+30°3223B are two components of a binary star system in the constellation Lyra, approximately 370 light years away from Earth.	HD 171301	Lyra
constellation	NGC 248 is an emission nebula in the Constellation Tucana.	NGC 248	Tucana
constellation	NGC 7026 is a planetary nebula located 6000 light years away, in the constellation of Cygnus.	NGC 7026	Cygnus
constellation	Nu Geminorum (ν Gem) is a star in the constellation Gemini.	Nu Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	67 Aquarii (abbreviated 67 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	67 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	100 Aquarii (abbreviated 100 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	100 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Palomar 6 is a loose globular cluster in the constellation Ophiuchus that belongs to the halo of the Milky Way galaxy.	Palomar 6	Ophiuchus
constellation	NGC 6881 is a planetary nebula, located in the constellation of Cygnus.	NGC 6881	Cygnus
constellation	HD 70573 is a 9th magnitude star approximately 149 light-years away in the constellation of Hydra.	HD 70573	Hydra
constellation	SN 1979C was a supernova about 50 million light-years away in Messier 100, a spiral galaxy in the constellation Coma Berenices.	SN 1979C	Coma Berenices
constellation	OGLE-TR-211b is a transiting planet in Carina constellation.	OGLE-TR-211b	Carina
constellation	NGC 6207 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Hercules.	NGC 6207	Hercules
constellation	65 Arietis (abbreviated 65 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	65 Arietis	Aries
constellation	NGC 86 is a lenticular galaxy estimated to be between 275 and 300 million light-years away in the constellation of Andromeda.	NGC 86	Andromeda
constellation	WASP-44 is a G-type star in constellation Cetus that has the Jupiter-size planet WASP-44b in orbit.	WASP-44	Cetus
constellation	HD 63765 is an 8th-magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 106 light years away in the constellation Carina.	HD 63765	Carina
constellation	HU Delphini is a system of two red dwarf stars of spectral type M4.5V, located in constellation Delphinus at 28.9 light-years from Earth.	HU Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	IC 348 is a star forming region in the constellation Perseus located about 315 parsecs from the Sun. It consists of nebulosity and an associated 2-million-year-old cluster of roughly 400 stars within an angular diameter of 20``.	IC 348	Perseus
constellation	VHK 83 (Var 83 in the VHK survey) is a luminous blue variable (LBV) in the constellation Triangulum, in the Triangulum Galaxy.	Var 83	Triangulum
constellation	HD 221525 is a subgiant star near the north celestial pole in the constellation Cepheus.	HD 221525	Cepheus
constellation	X Persei is a binary star system located in the constellation Perseus.	X Persei	Perseus
constellation	NGC 2294 is an elliptical galaxy within the constellation Gemini, discovered by George Johnstone Stoney on February 22, 1849.	NGC 2294	Gemini
constellation	Zeta Doradus A is a bright, high proper motion star with a spectral type of F7V, meaning that it is a main sequence star that is hotter and brighter than the Sun. With an apparent magnitude of 4.82, it is approximately the eight brightest star in the constellation of Dorado.	Zeta Doradus	Dorado
constellation	Delta Centauri (δ Cen, δ Centauri) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Delta Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	UX Tauri, abbreviated as UX Tau, is a binary star system approximately 450 light-years away in the constellation of Taurus (the Bull).	UX Tauri	Taurus
continent	Pudding Butte (75°52′S 159°59′E) is a butte in Antarctica, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of Beta Peak, in the Prince Albert Mountains, Oates Land, close to the boundary with Victoria Land.	Pudding Butte	Antarctica
continent	Goodell Glacier (72°55′S 88°30′W) is a glacier about 5 nautical miles (9 km) long flowing east and north from Fletcher Peninsula into the Williams Ice Stream, Antarctica.	Goodell Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kaye Crest (72°6′S 4°24′E) is a ridge lying between the Preuschoff Range and the Gablenz Range in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kaye Crest	Antarctica
continent	Strahan Glacier (67°38′S 64°37′E) is a glacier flowing north into the sea 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) west of Stevens Rock, midway between Cape Daly and Cape Fletcher, Antarctica.	Strahan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Ferguson Nunataks (73°33′S 63°48′W) are a nunatak group lying between the heads of Meinardus Glacier and Swann Glacier in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Ferguson Nunataks	Antarctica
country	RNAS Boaz Island (HMS Malabar) was a Royal Naval Air Station in Bermuda.	RNAS Boaz Island (HMS Malabar)	Bermuda
country	Wólka Tarnowska-Osada (ˈvulka tarˈnɔfska ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Tarnowska-Osada	Poland
country	Punanai (Tamil: புனானை) is a small hamlet in Sri Lanka, made famous in 1920 by a man-eating leopard.	Punanai	Sri Lanka
country	The Primera Junta or First Assembly is the most common name given to the first independent government of Argentina.	Primera Junta	Argentina
country	Bsalim (Arabic: بصاليم‎) is a village in the Matn District in Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon.	Bsalim	Lebanon
country of origin	Let's Get Inventin' is a New Zealand reality television series that takes young inventors (aged under 15) and helps them to create inventions.	Let's Get Inventin'	New Zealand
country of origin	Sen kväll med Luuk (Late night with Luuk) was one of Sweden's and TV4's most popular talk shows ever and started airing in 1996.	Sen kväll med Luuk	Sweden
country of origin	Electro Spectre is a Norwegian electronic music duo from Oslo, Norway.	Electro Spectre	Norway
country of origin	Meena Iyer of The Times of India gave the film 3 stars in a scale of 5, stating that ``You cannot fault the scale of Ek Villain or berate its lead star cast.	Ek Villain	India
country of origin	Chhota Chetan is a 1998 Hindi dubbed release of the 1984 Malayalam film My Dear Kuttichathan, which was India's first 3D film.	Chhota Chetan	India
country of origin	Green Snake (青蛇, literal Chinese title: The Teal/Green Snake) is a 1993 Hong Kong fantasy film made by Tsui Hark.	Green Snake	Hong Kong
country of origin	Rhythm of a Crime (Croatian: Ritam zločina) is a Croatian film released in Yugoslavia in 1981, directed by Zoran Tadić, starring Ivica Vidović and Fabijan Šovagović.	Rhythm of a Crime	Yugoslavia
country of origin	Our Own Oslo was the highest grossing film for 2011 in Iceland theatres.	Our Own Oslo	Iceland
country of origin	Chaudhary Karnail Singh is a 1960 Indian Punjabi movie based in the pre-partition times of India.	Chaudhary Karnail Singh	India
country of origin	The House of Obsessive Compulsives is a 2005 television documentary broadcast by Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	The House of Obsessive Compulsives	United Kingdom
country of origin	Butler Parker was the brainchild of the very successful and productive author Günther Dönges (* 1923; † August 2001) who often used Anglo-Saxon aliases due to the in Germany widespread opinion that only Anglo-Saxons could write entertaining good crime stories.	Butler Parker	Germany
country of origin	Game pies were consumed by the wealthy in the days of the Roman Empire.	Game pie	Roman Empire
country of origin	The Killian Curse is a New Zealand kidult horror-fantasy television show, directed by Thomas Robins and Wayne Vinton.	The Killian Curse	New Zealand
country of origin	My Mother Was Murdered by a Suicide Bomber is a TV documentary about the killing of Perla Hermele in Park Hotel in Netanya, Israel in March 2002 as part of the Passover massacre.	My Mother Was Murdered by a Suicide Bomber	Israel
country of origin	Meet the Feebles is a 1989 New Zealand musical black comedy film directed by Peter Jackson, and written by Jackson, Fran Walsh, Stephen Sinclair, and Danny Mulheron.	Meet the Feebles	New Zealand
country of origin	Jenny and the Soldier is one of the ten films listed in Denmark's cultural canon by the Danish Ministry of Culture.	Jenny and the Soldier	Denmark
country of origin	The Bündner Nusstorte (Graubünden nut pastry), also known as Engadiner Nusstorte, is a traditional sweet, caramelised nut-filled pastry (generally walnut) from canton Graubünden in Switzerland.	Bündner Nusstorte	Switzerland
country of origin	Star Industry are a gothic rock band formed in 1996 in Belgium.	Star Industry	Belgium
country of origin	Himalaya Singh (simplified Chinese: 喜马拉亚星; traditional Chinese: 喜馬拉亞星) is a 2005 Hong Kong comedy film co-written and directed by Wai Ka-fai and starring Lau Ching-wan, Ronald Cheng, Francis Ng, Cherrie Ying and Gauri Karnik, with a special appearance by Cecilia Cheung.	Himalaya Singh	Hong Kong
country of origin	What I Wrote is a TV series broadcast on ABCTV 1 in Australia.	What I Wrote	Australia
country of origin	Clans of Intrigue is a 1977 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Fragrance in the Sea of Blood of Gu Long's Chu Liuxiang novel series.	Clans of Intrigue	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bride Flight is a 2008 film about three women and one man from the Netherlands, who all start new lives in New Zealand.	Bride Flight	Netherlands
country of origin	Pålægschokolade is found primarily in Denmark.	Pålægschokolade	Denmark
country of origin	The financial success of Komaligal gave the belief to other producers that they could produce successful Tamil cinema in Sri Lanka.	Komaligal	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Traditional Balsamic Vinegar (or Aceto Balsamico Tradizionale) is a costly type of balsamic vinegar produced in the Emilia Romagna region of Italy.	Traditional Balsamic Vinegar	Italy
country of origin	Cooperl Arc Atlantique (a.k.a. Cooperl) is the largest pork processing company in France.	Cooperl Arc Atlantique	France
country of origin	The Guard Post (GP 506 in South Korea) is a 2008 Korean horror film written and directed by Kong Su-chang.	The Guard Post	South Korea
country of origin	Justice Sung II (狀王宋世傑(貳)) is a Hong Kong television series.	Justice Sung II	Hong Kong
country of origin	10th District Court (French: 10e Chambre -- Instants d'audience) is a 2004 documentary film from France, directed by Raymond Depardon.	10th District Court	France
country of origin	Slam Creepers were a rock band from Vansbro, Sweden formed by Björn Skifs in 1962 and broke up in 1969.	Slam Creepers	Sweden
country of origin	Carlo J. Caparas' Bangis (lit. Ferocity) is Philippine TV's first higante-serye and another primetime offering aired on Philippines by TV5 and starred by Oyo Boy Sotto, Danita Paner and child actor BJ Go.	Carlo J. Caparas' Bangis	Philippines
country of origin	After the defeat of Nazi Germany, Drei Unteroffiziere was included in the list of forbidden films, and nowadays its screening is only allowed for ``special educational purposes''.	Drei Unteroffiziere	Germany
country of origin	A Tom Turbo television series appears in Austria on ORF1.	Tom Turbo	Austria
country of origin	Elisa di Rivombrosa is an Italian television series partly inspired by the 1740 novel Pamela, or Virtue Rewarded of a love story in 17th century Italy between Fabrizio Ristori, a young Italian Count, and his mother's maid, Elisa.	Elisa di Rivombrosa	Italy
country of origin	Small Town Murder Songs was shot in Conestogo Lake, Listowel, Baden, Ontario and Palmerston in Ontario, Canada.	Small Town Murder Songs	Canada
country of origin	Chilli crab (Chinese: 辣椒螃蟹; pinyin: là jiāo páng xiè) is a Singaporean seafood dish popular in Singapore and Malaysia.	Chilli crab	Singapore
country of origin	Esperanto was created in the late 1870s and early 1880s by L. L. Zamenhof, a Polish-Jewish ophthalmologist from Białystok, then part of the Russian Empire.	Esperanto	Russian Empire
country of origin	Chandrahasa (Kannada: ಚ೦ದ್ರಹಾಸ/ച൦ദ്രഹാസ ) was the king of Kuntala kingdom which roughly consisted of parts of north of present-day Karnataka and south of Maharashtra, India, including Gokarna region.	Chandrahasa	India
country of origin	The Misunderstanding (French: Le Malentendu), sometimes published as Cross Purpose, is a play written in 1943 in occupied France by Albert Camus.	The Misunderstanding	France
country of origin	Thomasleeha or St. Thomas is a 1975 Malayalam historical drama film based on the life of St. Thomas the Apostle and his missionary work in India.	Thomasleeha	India
country of origin	The Steamie is available to view in full on the STV Player in Scotland.	The Steamie	Scotland
country of origin	The Voorman Problem is a 2013 British short film produced by Honlodge Productions from the United Kingdom, in association with Pipedream Pictures (UK).	The Voorman Problem	United Kingdom
country of origin	Quantum Love was fimed in Paris, France.	Quantum Love	France
country of origin	Kozhukatta (Malayalam: കൊഴുക്കട്ട) or Kozhukkattai (Tamil: கொழுக்கட்டை) is a popular South Indian sweet dumpling made from rice flour, with a filling of grated coconut and jaggery, and is similar to Modak made in other parts of India.	Kozhukkatta	India
country of origin	Rockabilly 514 is a 2008 Canadian feature documentary directed by Patricia Chica (Canada) and Mike Wafer (England).	Rockabilly 514	Canada
country of origin	The Benelli MR1 is a rifle developed and manufactured by the Benelli Armi SpA of Italy.	Benelli MR1	Italy
country of origin	Al Motazawegoon (المتزوجون, ``The Married Couples'') is an Arabic play, conceived, produced and performed in the various theaters of Egypt.	Al Motazawegoon	Egypt
country of origin	On the Other Side of the Tracks (French: De l'autre côté du périph) is a French comedy released in France on December 19, 2012, and picked up for US distribution by The Weinstein Company.	On the Other Side of the Tracks	France
country of origin	Once Upon a Time in China is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark, starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei-hung.	Once Upon a Time in China	Hong Kong
country of origin	Renoir's career in France was at its pinnacle in 1939 and The Rules of the Game was eagerly anticipated; however, its premiere was met with scorn and disapproval by both critics and audiences.	The Rules of the Game	France
country of origin	To Commit a Murder (France: Peau d'espion, Germany: Der grausame Job, Italy: Congiura di spie) is a 1967 French-German-Italian spy movie starring Louis Jourdan.	To Commit a Murder	France	Germany	Italy
country of origin	Swedish Sign Language (Svenskt teckenspråk or STS) is the sign language used in Sweden.	Swedish Sign Language	Sweden
country of origin	Fist of Legend is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Gordon Chan, and features action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping, and produced by Jet Li, who also starred in the lead role.	Fist of Legend	Hong Kong
country of origin	Clash of Loyalties (Arabic: Al-Mas'ala Al-Kubra‎, aka The Great Question) is a 1983 Iraqi film focusing on the formation of Iraq out of Mesopotamia in the aftermath of the First World War.	Clash of Loyalties	Iraq
country of origin	Fourme d'Ambert is one of France's oldest cheeses, and dates from as far back as Roman times.	Fourme d'Ambert	France
country of origin	L'Occitane en Provence (French pronunciation: ​(lɔk.si.tan ɑ̃ pʁɔ.vɑ̃s)) and commonly known as L'Occitane, is an international retailer of body, face, fragrances and home products based in Manosque, France.	L'Occitane en Provence	France
country of origin	The RPG-43 (for ruchnaya protivotankovaya granata meaning ``hand-held anti-tank grenade'') was a high explosive anti-tank (HEAT) hand grenade used by the Soviet Union during the Second World War.	RPG-43	Soviet Union
country of origin	The first season of the Australian series (listed in local TV guides as The Secret Millionaire Australia, to prevent confusion with the US version which had been broadcast earlier that year) aired in 2009 on the Nine Network.	The Secret Millionaire	Australia
country of origin	Big Bullet (Chinese: 衝鋒隊怒火街頭; pinyin: Chong feng dui nu huo jie tou) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film directed, produced and co-written by Benny Chan.	Big Bullet	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Nation with David Speers is an Australian television program on Sky News Australia.	The Nation with David Speers	Australia
country of origin	Melodifestivalen 1986 was the selection for the 26th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest.	Melodifestivalen 1986	Sweden
country of origin	The Bobobobs stories were originally published by Standaard Uitgeverij in Belgium, with later animation and merchandising produced by Toei Animation and BRB Internacional in Spain.	Bobobobs	Spain
country of origin	In the Alleys of Love (Persian: در کوچه های عشق ‎, Dar Koocheha-ye Eshgh) is an Iranian war film about Khorramshahr shortly after the Iran--	In the Alleys of Love	Iran
country of origin	The Terrible Thunderlizards is a segment that aired in Canada on YTV and in the United States as part of Eek!	The Terrible Thunderlizards	Canada
country of origin	The Tuner (Russian: Настройщик, Nastroyshchik) is a 2004 Ukraine/Russia mix film of art house grotesque and a sting comedy.	The Tuner	Russia
country of origin	Kung Fu Soccer (Chinese:功夫足球) is a Hong Kong television drama series that aired on TVB from December 6, 2004 to January 9, 2005.	Kung Fu Soccer	Hong Kong
country of origin	Unna ja Nuuk is a Finnish film for the whole family that debuted in Finland on 20 January 2006.	Unna ja Nuuk	Finland
country of origin	The Tupolev Tu-28 (NATO reporting name Fiddler) was a long-range interceptor aircraft introduced by the Soviet Union in the 1960s.	Tupolev Tu-28	Soviet Union
country of origin	The Times of India gave the film 4/5 and wrote, ``Vaayai Moodi Pesavum is truly an ambitious effort, at least by Indian cinema standards, and what's truly heartening is that Balaji Mohan succeeds in his attempt.	Vaayai Moodi Pesavum	India
country of origin	Pea soup is a common dish throughout Germany.	Pea soup	Germany
country of origin	Originally filmed in 1981, Blind Chance was suppressed by the Polish authorities for several years until its delayed release in Poland on 10 January 1987.	Blind Chance	Poland
country of origin	These four episodes will bring the ``Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares'' franchise, which exists in the United States and the United Kingdom, to an end.	Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares	United Kingdom
country of origin	Rubbery Figures was a satirical rubber puppet series that screened in Australia in various forms from 1984 to 1990.	Rubbery Figures	Australia
country of origin	Mortified is an Australian children's television series, co-produced by the Australian Children's Television Foundation and Enjoy Entertainment for the Nine Network Australia, Disney Australia and the BBC.	Mortified	Australia
country of origin	Based on an online poll by The Times of India, Vetri Maaran was chosen as the best director for Aadukalam.	Aadukalam	India
country of origin	English muffins are commonly available in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, New Zealand.	English muffin	United Kingdom
country of origin	More4 News was a daily news programme on the More4 digital television channel in the United Kingdom, airing Monday to Friday from 8.00pm to 8.30pm from 2005 to 2009.	More4 News	United Kingdom
country of origin	Himmelblå (in English: Skyblue) is a Norwegian drama series which aired on NRK1 in Norway, on SVT in Sweden and on RÚV in Iceland.	Himmelblå	Norway
country of origin	Dakbokkeumtang is assumed to be originated from Pyongyang and northwestern area in South Korea during the 20th century, and a lot of controversies aroused with its name.	Dakbokkeumtang	Korea
country of origin	Solar Attack under its original working title, Solar Strike, was shot in Hamilton and Toronto, Canada.	Solar Attack	Canada
country of origin	Agri Tayo Dito is a livelihood program of ABS-CBN Regional Network Group stations in the Philippines, produced by ABS-CBN Davao.	Agri Tayo Dito	Philippines
country of origin	Wako Wako is a Philippine fantasy drama series that airs on ABS-CBN in the Philippines.	Wako Wako	Philippines
country of origin	In 2013, The Iran Job was short-listed for the Germany Academy Award.	The Iran Job	Germany
country of origin	Festen is best known for being the first Dogme 95 film (its full title in Denmark is Dogme #1 -- Festen).	Festen	Denmark
country of origin	The Archer Artillery System or Archer - FH77BW L52 is an international project aimed at developing a next-generation self-propelled artillery system for Sweden and Norway.	Archer Artillery System	Sweden
country of origin	Machuca performed well in theaters in Chile, but did not have notable box office success outside of Latin America.	Machuca	Chile
country of origin	Louise Noblet keeps a small hotel, the Pension Mimosas, on the Côte d'Azur in the south of France, with her husband Gaston who is also a supervisor in local casino.	Pension Mimosas	France
country of origin	Ein Kessel Buntes (``A Kettle of Colour'') was a television variety show in the former East Germany.	Ein Kessel Buntes	East Germany
country of origin	Many different regional specialty recipes for Eintopf are known in Germany; for example, the Kassel area has a type called Lumpen und Fleeh (``rags and fleas'' in the local dialect), which is quite similar to Irish stew.	Eintopf	Germany
country of origin	Speckkuchen is a type of quiche, a specialty of northern Hesse, Germany.	Speckkuchen	Germany
country of origin	``Köppäbävisan'' is a song written and recorded by Bengt Pegefelt, releasing it as a single in 1980, scoring a major hit in Sweden topping the Swedish singles chart between 8 May-5 June 1981.	Köppäbävisan	Sweden
country of origin	Funeral for an Assassin is a 1974 South Africa film directed by Ivan Hall that was released in the United States in 1977.	Funeral for an Assassin	South Africa
country of origin	Screen Test is a United Kingdom children's quiz show about films, broadcast from 18 November 1970 to 20 December 1984 on BBC1.	Screen Test	United Kingdom
country of origin	São Tomé and Príncipe Saudi Arabia Serbia Seychelles South Sudan Sierra Leone Slovenia Somalia Soviet Union Sudan Suriname Sweden A small number of AKM's are used by the Swedish Armed Forces for familiarization training, but they are not issued to combat units.	AKM	Soviet Union
country of origin	Honour and Passion (simplified Chinese: 宝家卫国; traditional Chinese: 寶家衛國; pinyin: Bǎo jiā weì guó) is a Singapore Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore's free-to-air Chinese language channel, MediaCorp TV Channel 8.	Honour and Passion	Singapore
country of origin	The show is notable for not only stirring up but, in the end, radically changing the pop music world in the Hungary of the 2000s, often criticized to lack original talent that Megasztár set out to find.	Megasztár	Hungary
country of origin	Outside of Taiwan, Our Times was released in Hong Kong and Macau box office on 15 October 2015.	Our Times	Taiwan
country of origin	Majajan is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in January 2006.	Majajan	Pakistan
country of origin	The Great Food Race is a New Zealand competitive reality television cooking show.	The Great Food Race	New Zealand
country of origin	El Correo Gallego is a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol, Spain, by José María Abizanda in 1878; in the 20th century it was moved to the city of Santiago de Compostela.	El Correo Gallego	Spain
country of origin	The American title of the film is Clouds of Sils Maria, but in France the film is known by the original name, Sils Maria.	Clouds of Sils Maria	France
country of origin	Olivet cendré, also called cendré d'Olivet, is a French cheese from Olivet, on the Loire river, in the Centre region, France.	Olivet cendré	France
country of origin	I Live with Me Dad is a 1985 TV movie, produced by Crawfords Australia.	I Live with Me Dad	Australia
country of origin	Odyssey 5 is a Canadian science fiction series that first ran in 2002 on Showtime in the United States and on Space in Canada.	Odyssey 5	Canada
country of origin	L'Express was co-founded in 1953 by Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber, future president of the Radical Party, and Françoise Giroud, who had earlier edited ELLE and went on to become France's first minister of women's affairs in 1974 and minister of culture in 1976.	L'Express	France
country of origin	Den glider in is a song written by Peter Karlsson, acting as fight song for the Sweden men's national ice hockey team during the 1995 IIHF World Ice Hockey Championship in Sweden.	Den glider in	Sweden
country of origin	Arpad, the Gypsy (French:Arpad le Tzigane, German:Arpad, der Zigeuner) is a Hungarian-French-German television film series which aired on ORTF in France and ZDF in Germany between 1973 and 1974.	Arpad, the Gypsy	Germany
country of origin	Kuch Pyar Ka Pagalpan (Urdu: کچھ پيار کا پاگل پن بهی تها‎) is a television serial, written by Sameera Fazal, directed by Haissam Hussain, broadcast on the ARY Digital network in Pakistan.	Kuch Pyar Ka Pagalpan	Pakistan
country of origin	The Imaginary Cuckold continues to be performed today in its original one-act version both in France and in other countries (often in translation).	The Imaginary Cuckold	France
country of origin	Yariyan is a drama serial made in Pakistan .	Yariyan	Pakistan
country of origin	Balinese dances is a very ancient dance tradition that is part of the religious and artistic expression among the Balinese people of Bali island, Indonesia.	Balinese dance	Indonesia
country of origin	Bansuri Guru was produced by the Government of India's Films Division and features a series of interviews conducted with Chaurasia and others about the artist., including shots in Mumbai, Bhubaneswar and Rotterdam.	Bansuri Guru	India
country of origin	Diario del AltoAragón is an Aragonese daily newspaper published in Spain.	Diario del AltoAragón	Spain
country of origin	One Day in September is a 1999 documentary film directed by Kevin Macdonald examining the 5 September 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany.	One Day in September	Germany
country of origin	Paddle to the Sea (French: Vogue-à-la-mer) is a 1966 National Film Board of Canada short live-action film directed, shot and edited by Bill Mason, based on the 1941 children's book Paddle-to-the-Sea by American author and illustrator Holling C. Holling.	Paddle to the Sea	Canada
country of origin	The .222 Rimmed is a centrefire rifle cartridge, originating in Australia in the 1960s as a cartridge for single shot rifles, particularly the Martini Cadet action.	.222 Rimmed	Australia
country of origin	Buy Herself is a Canadian reality television series, which premiered April 16, 2012 on HGTV Canada.	Buy Herself	Canada
country of origin	Campeon (NOM: 1107, DOT: 94) is an award winning tequila produced from Blue Agave grown in the Eastern Highlands of Jalisco in Mexico.	Campeon	Mexico
country of origin	Curd rice ( Tamil: தயிர் சோறு, Kannada: ಮೊಸರು-ಅನ್ನ (mosaru-anna), Telugu: పెరుగు అన్నం, Malayalam : Thayiru) also called yogurt rice is a dish of India.	Curd rice	India
country of origin	Dragon Lord (Chinese: 龍少爺) is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the film.	Dragon Lord	Hong Kong
country of origin	Biswaprakash (aka The Young Rebel) (Odia: ବିଶ୍ୱପ୍ରକାଶ) is a 1999 India Oriya film directed by Susant Misra.	Biswaprakash	India
country of origin	Perail is a soft cheese made with ewes milk originating in the Region of Aveyron, France.	Perail	France
country of origin	Total Drama Island (sometimes shortened to TDI) is a Canadian animated television series which premiered in Canada on Teletoon on July 8, 2007 and on June 5, 2008 in the U.S. on Cartoon Network.	Total Drama Island	Canada
country of origin	Ka-Blog! was an informative teen-oriented television show in the Philippines hosted by Andrea Torres, Mico Aytona and Monica Verallo.	Ka-Blog!	Philippines
country of origin	Sydnytt was a regional news programme produced by Sveriges Television, broadcasting to the counties of Skåne and Blekinge in the south of Sweden.	Sydnytt	Sweden
country of origin	Manchego (officially Spanish: queso manchego, pronounced: (ˈkeso maɲˈtʃeɣo)) is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain from the milk of sheep of the manchega breed.	Manchego	Spain
country of origin	Modern Yazawin (Burmese: မော်ဒန်ရာဇဝင်) is a 2014 Myanmar romantic comedy film directed by Nyi Nyi Tun Lwin and starring actors Khant Sithu, Wai Lu Kyaw, Pyay Ti Oo and Khin Hlaing and actresses Wut Hmone Shwe Yee, Sandi Myint Lwin in main roles.	Modern Yazawin	Myanmar
country of origin	Floating Life is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Clara Law about a Hong Kong family who move to Australia.	Floating Life	Australia
country of origin	The Carbon Diaries: 2015 is a 2009 young adult novel written by Saci Lloyd, popular in the United Kingdom.	The Carbon Diaries: 2015	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Devil Dared Me To is a New Zealand film written by and starring Chris Stapp and Matt Heath.	The Devil Dared Me To	New Zealand
country of origin	The Mitki (Russian: Митьки́; pronounced (mʲɪtʲˈki)) are an art group in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Mitki	Russia
country of origin	The Boys of St. Vincent is a 1992 film directed by John N. Smith for the National Film Board of Canada.	The Boys of St. Vincent	Canada
country of origin	MC Tee Vee was a music program that was broadcast on Australia's SBS TV television network in the early- to mid-1990s.	MC Tee Vee	Australia
country of origin	Battle of the Brides also known as Cô dâu đại chiến is a 2011 Vietnamese comedy film directed by Victor Vu, produced by Saiga Films and Vietnam Studio, in association with Galaxy Studios, Phuong Nam Phim, Saigon Movies Media and HK Films.	Battle of the Brides	Vietnam
country of origin	Ghozt Crew is an Australian paranormal documentary series, that follows Rob Kerr, Lorraine Kerr, Bobby C and Marshall Davison as they travel to and film in Australia's most haunted locations.	Ghozt Crew	Australia
country of origin	Shortly after the grand final epidode ended, ``Emperatriz'' quickly became a trending topic (Mexico) in Twitter.	Emperatriz	Mexico
country of origin	Viva Cabaret is a late night comedy variety television show which aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom from 1993 to 1994.	Viva Cabaret	United Kingdom
country of origin	Xacuti or Xacutti (Konkani: शागोती) is a curry prepared in Goa, India, with complex spicing, including white poppy seeds, sliced or grated coconut and large dried red chilies.	Xacuti	India
country of origin	Polkagris (plural: polkagrisar) is a Swedish candy stick or straight candy cane that was invented in 1859 in the town of Gränna, Sweden, and remains a popular candy tradition in the town.	Polkagris	Sweden
country of origin	The Curious Dr. Humpp (Spanish: La venganza del sexo) is a 1969 exploitation movie from Argentina.	The Curious Dr. Humpp	Argentina
country of origin	Willie's Wonky Chocolate Factory is a United Kingdom television documentary series broadcast on Channel 4 in March 2008.	Willie's Wonky Chocolate Factory	United Kingdom
country of origin	A Dal (English: The Song) is the national selection process in Hungary for the Eurovision Song Contest.	A Dal	Hungary
country of origin	Matt's Monsters debuted in 2008 in France and other countries.	Matt's Monsters	France
country of origin	Welles received financing from Organisation Radio-Télévision Française to create The Immortal Story for premiere presentation on French television, to be followed by theatrical release in France and other countries.	The Immortal Story	France
creator	The Protectors is a British television series, an action thriller created by Gerry Anderson.	The Protectors	Gerry Anderson
creator	Head of a Halberdier is a fragment of a Hieronymus Bosch painting.	Head of a Halberdier	Hieronymus Bosch
creator	Portrait Diptych of Dürer's Parents (or Dürer's Parents with Rosaries) is the collective name for two small late-15th century portrait panels by the German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer.	Portrait Diptych of Dürer's Parents	Albrecht Dürer
creator	The Fountain of Indolence is an oil painting by the English artist J. M. W. Turner.	The Fountain of Indolence	J. M. W. Turner
creator	It's a Mystery, Charlie Brown is the 11th prime-time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	It's a Mystery, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
date of birth	Sabrina Stultiens (born 8 July 1993) is a Dutch racing cyclist who competes in cyclocross and on the road.	Sabrina Stultiens	8 July 1993
date of birth	Charles François de Mondion (1681--1733) was a French architect and military engineer who was active in Malta in the early 18th century.	Charles François de Mondion	1681
date of birth	Peter Gillman (born 1942) is a British writer and journalist specializing (but not exclusively) in mountaineering topics.	Peter Gillman	1942
date of birth	Walid Ahmad Nimer al-Naser (Arabic: وليد أحمد نمر النصر‎) (1934 -- July 23, 1971) better known by his nom de guerre Abu Ali Iyad (Arabic: أبو علي إياد‎) was a senior Palestinian field commander based in Syria and Jordan during the 1960s and early 1970s.	Abu Ali Iyad	1934
date of birth	Fran Balkwill OBE (born 1952) is a scientist and English author of children's books about scientific topics.	Fran Balkwill	1952
date of birth	Roy Baines (born 7 February 1950) is an English former professional football player and manager..	Roy Baines	7 February 1950
date of birth	Ruslan Maynov (Bulgarian: Руслан Мъйнов Ruslan Maynov; b. 15 November 1976) is a Bulgarian actor and singer of Bessarabian Bulgarian origin.	Ruslan Maynov	15 November 1976
date of birth	Roscoe Conkling Ensign Brown, Ph.D. (1867 - December 14, 1946) was the managing editor and assistant editor of The New York Tribune and professor of journalism at Columbia University.	Roscoe Conkling Ensign Brown	1867
date of birth	Rodrigo Fierro Benítez, M.D., Ph.D., (Ambato, 1930) is an Ecuadorean M.D., writer and politician.	Rodrigo Fierro	1930
date of birth	Silvio Cosini (Poggibonsi, c. 1495- Milan, after 1547) was an Italian sculptor and stuccoist, mainly active in Florence.	Silvio Cosini	1495
date of birth	Claudia Kristofics-Binder (born 5 October 1961) is an Austrian former figure skater.	Claudia Kristofics-Binder	5 October 1961
date of birth	Haman Sadjo (born 28 November 1984, in Ngaoundere) is a Cameroonian footballer who last played for Al-Merrikh in the Sudan Premier League.	Haman Sadjo	28 November 1984
date of birth	Sabina Citron (born in 1928) is a Holocaust survivor.	Sabina Citron	1928
date of birth	Naomi Cleaver (born 14 July 1967 in Whitstable, Kent, England) is a British design consultant and interior designer.	Naomi Cleaver	14 July 1967
date of birth	Zairo Anuar Zalani (born 18 June 1982) is a Malaysian football player currently plays for Terengganu in the Malaysian Super League.	Zairo Anuar	18 June 1982
date of birth	Gordon F. Allen (1908--1973) was a professor and administrator at the State University of New York at Brockport.	Gordon F. Allen	1908
date of birth	Giovanni Giacomo Borni (1635 - 29 October 1700) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Lombard in towns near the province of Brescia, including Saviore dell'Adamello.	Giovanni Giacomo Borni	1635
date of birth	Ludwig Greiner (1796--1882) was an influential 19th-century forest and lumber industry management expert who improved the effectiveness of woodland valuation methods in the Austrian Empire and trained a whole new generation of foresters in a comprehensive approach to the management of natural resources.	Ludwig Greiner	1796
date of birth	Tetsuya Ishikawa (born 1979) is a Japanese British author, financial journalist and a banker with Goldman Sachs.	Tetsuya Ishikawa	1979
date of birth	André Guijon (November, 1548 -- September, 1631) was a French churchman and orator.	André Guijon	1548
date of birth	Jorge Franco Alviz (born 29 October 1993), known as Burgui (Spanish pronunciation: ('burɣi)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol on loan from Real Madrid as a left winger.	Burgui	29 October 1993
date of birth	Alessandro Padoa (14 October 1868 -- 25 November 1937) was an Italian mathematician and logician, a contributor to the school of Giuseppe Peano.	Alessandro Padoa	14 October 1868
date of birth	Rhea Tregebov (born 1953) is a Canadian poet, novelist and children's writer who lives in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Rhea Tregebov	1953
date of birth	John Alan Feduccia (born 25 April 1943) is a paleornithologist, specializing in the origins and phylogeny of birds.	Alan Feduccia	25 April 1943
date of birth	Wilson Gale-Braddyll (baptised 24 February 1756 -- 19 November 1818) was a British Member of Parliament.	Wilson Gale-Braddyll	24 February 1756
date of birth	Sajjad Moradi (Persian: سجاد مرادی ‎‎, born 30 March 1983) is an Iranian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres and 1500 metres.	Sajjad Moradi	30 March 1983
date of birth	Ng Swee Hong (1935 - September 16, 2006) was a Malaysian Chinese businessman who founded Pacific Andes company.	Ng Swee Hong	1935
date of birth	Krystal Forscutt (born 12 July 1986 in Batemans Bay, New South Wales) is an Australian former model and reality TV contestant.	Krystal Forscutt	12 July 1986
date of birth	Önder Çengel (born 21 July 1982) is a Turkish-Swiss football player who currently plays for Elazığspor.	Önder Çengel	21 July 1982
date of birth	Margaret L. Kennedy (1892 -- date of death unknown) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Margaret L. Kennedy	1892
date of birth	Ma Yili (Chinese: 马伊琍; pinyin: Mǎ Yīlì; born 29 June 1976) is a Chinese actress.	Ma Yili	29 June 1976
date of birth	Tamsier Joof or Tamsier (17 May 1973, other stage name: Tam Jo) is a British dancer, choreographer, actor, model and entrepreneur from a Senegalese and Gambian background.	Tamsier Joof	17 May 1973
date of birth	Daniel Enrico Acker (born 23 September 1990) is a South African rugby union footballer, who most recently played for the Eastern Province Kings.	Enrico Acker	23 September 1990
date of birth	Benjamin Anastas (born 1969) is an American novelist, memoirist, journalist and book reviewer born in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Benjamin Anastas	1969
date of birth	John Downton (1906--1991) was an English artist, philosopher, musician, and poet.	John Downton	1906
date of birth	Tim Smolders (born 26 August 1980) is a Belgian former football player who.	Tim Smolders	26 August 1980
date of birth	Leo Sayer (born Gerard Hugh Sayer; 21 May 1948) is a British-born singer-songwriter musician, and entertainer (now an Australian citizen and resident) whose singing career has spanned four decades.	Leo Sayer	21 May 1948
date of birth	Cormac Rowe (Bridgetown, County Wexford, born abt. 1983 ) is an Irish Michelin star winning head chef with Lady Helen in Thomastown, County Kilkenny Ireland Rowe started his kitchen career in Kelly's Hotel in Rosslare.	Cormac Rowe	1983
date of birth	Eugenia Wang, Ph.D., (born 26 February 1945) is a professor at the University of Louisville whose primary focus is researching the genetic aspect of aging in humans.	Eugenia Wang	26 February 1945
date of birth	Richard Symes Warry was born about 1829 in England, son of Thomas Warry and Maria Symes.	Richard Symes Warry	1829
date of birth	General Bipin Chandra Joshi, PVSM, AVSM, ADC (Hindi: बिपिन चन्द्र जोशी, 1935 -- November 19, 1994) was the 17th Chief of Army Staff (CoAS) of the Indian Army.	Bipin Chandra Joshi	1935
date of birth	Robbie van Leeuwen (born 29 October 1944, The Hague) is a Dutch musician who was guitarist, sitarist, background vocalist and main songwriter for the Dutch bands The Motions, Shocking Blue and Galaxy-Lin.	Robbie van Leeuwen	29 October 1944
date of birth	Henry Habib Ayrout, S.J. (1907 -- April 10, 1969) was an author, educator, and Jesuit priest in Egypt.	Henry Habib Ayrout	1907
date of birth	Dario Baldan Bembo (born 15 May 1948) is an Italian composer, singer-songwriter, music arranger and musician, best known for the songs ``Aria'' and ``Amico è''.	Dario Baldan Bembo	15 May 1948
date of birth	Norman Smurthwaite (born 1960) is the chairman of Port Vale Football Club, who has served the club in this post from 2013.	Norman Smurthwaite	1960
date of birth	Arnaldo Pambianco (born 16 August 1935) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who was active between 1956 and 1966.	Arnaldo Pambianco	16 August 1935
date of birth	Albert Gerald Sayre (1897 -- September 6, 1990) was an American Radioman, Radio Amateur, Teacher and Arctic Explorer.	Albert Gerald Sayre	1897
date of birth	Achim Peters, Prof. Dr. (born 1957 in Dortmund) is a German obesity specialist who lives and works in Lübeck.	Achim Peters	1957
date of birth	Jamie-Jerry Taulagi (born 18 June 1993) is a professional rugby union footballer of Samoan heritage.	Jamie-Jerry Taulagi	18 June 1993
date of birth	Cary Fagan (born 1957) is a Canadian writer of novels, short stories, and children's books.	Cary Fagan	1957
date of birth	Dieter Mahncke (born 1941 in South-West Africa) is a scholar of foreign policy and security studies, and Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Professor Emeritus of European Foreign Policy and Security Studies at the College of Europe.	Dieter Mahncke	1941
date of birth	Jakub Szymański (born 25 March 1998) is a Polish volleyball player, member of Poland men's national under-19 volleyball team, U19 World Champion 2015.	Jakub Szymański	25 March 1998
date of birth	Sir David Brunt, KBE, FRS (17 June 1886 -- 5 February 1965) was a Welsh meteorologist.	David Brunt	17 June 1886
date of birth	Dana Goodyear (born 1976) is an American journalist and poet, the author of the forthcoming book Anything That Moves, and the co-founder of Figment, an on-line literary community.	Dana Goodyear	1976
date of birth	Rabbi Sholom Klass (1916--2000) was the co-founder, publisher and editor of The Jewish Press, a large Jewish circulation newspaper.	Sholom Klass	1916
date of birth	Bence Bátor (born 9 July 1977) is a Hungarian indie musician, best known as the drummer of the Hungarian indie band Amber Smith.	Bence Bátor	9 July 1977
date of birth	Hans Dieter Aigner (born 1958 in Linz) is an Austrian artist and writer.	Hans Dieter Aigner	1958
date of birth	Marcos Vinícius Gomes Nascimento (born 27 June 1991), known as Marcos Vinícius, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória de Setúbal, as a centre-back.	Marcos Vinícius Gomes Nascimento	27 June 1991
date of birth	Sergio Machin (sometimes also spelt Makin, born 6 July 1952) is a former Croatian football player.	Sergio Machin	6 July 1952
date of birth	Simon Target (born January 1962) is a British/Australian film-maker.	Simon Target	1962
date of birth	Bertil Wedin (born 21 November 1940) is a former Swedish secret service agent.	Bertil Wedin	21 November 1940
date of birth	Alexander Steven Corbet (8 August 1896 -- 16 May 1948) was a British chemist and naturalist.	Alexander Steven Corbet	1896
date of birth	Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska (25 April 1925 -- 13 March 2015) was a Polish paleobiologist.	Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska	25 April 1925
date of birth	Anne Killigrew (1660--1685) was an English poet.	Anne Killigrew	1660
date of birth	Anthony James Mayers, known as A. J. Mayers (born June 19, 1987), is the marketing coordinator for Paramount Pictures in Los Angeles, and the author of four novels.	A. J. Mayers	1987
date of birth	Minhajul Abedin Nannu (Bengali: মিনহাজুল আবেদিন ) (born 25 September 1965, Chittagong, East Pakistan) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 27 ODIs from 1986 to 1999.	Minhajul Abedin	25 September 1965
date of birth	Awad Saud Awad was born in 1943 in Job Josef --	Awad Saud Awad	1943
date of birth	Ján Šikuta (born 25 October 1960) is a Slovakian judge born in Bratislava and former Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Slovakia	Ján Šikuta	25 October 1960
date of birth	Abigail McCary (born 1982) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World America 2007 and represented United States in Miss World 2007 in China, having been appointed as Miss World United States.	Abigail McCary	1982
date of birth	Luke Friend (born 30 April 1996) is an English singer and former student from Teignmouth in Devon.	Luke Friend	30 April 1996
date of birth	Stefan Junge (born 1 September 1950 in Leipzig, Sachsen) is a German former athlete, who mainly competed in the high jump.	Stefan Junge	1 September 1950
date of birth	Gerald Potterton (born 8 March 1931) is a British--	Gerald Potterton	8 March 1931
date of birth	Charles William White (13 January 1889 -- 23 July 1925) was an English association footballer who played as an inside forward for Watford.	Charles William White	13 January 1889
date of birth	Jef Van Damme (born 8 January 1979) has been a Member of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region for the Socialistische Partij Anders since 7 June 2009.	Jef Van Damme	8 January 1979
date of birth	John Davenant (London, 20 May 1572 -- Salisbury, 20 April 1641) was an English academic and bishop of Salisbury from 1621.	John Davenant	20 May 1572
date of birth	Khume Ramulifho (born 27 February 1979) is a South African politician, previously the Democratic Alliance youth leader, and a present member of the Gauteng Provincial Legislature.	Khume Ramulifho	27 February 1979
date of birth	Borys Buryak (born 25 October 1953 in Podvirne, Chernivtsi Oblast, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian painter.	Borys Buryak	25 October 1953
date of birth	Frederick Hockley (1809 -- 1885) was a British occultist who was a London based Freemason and a member of the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia.	Frederick Hockley	1809
date of birth	Helga Cecilia Forss, also known as Cissi Forss, (born 12 June 1985) is a Swedish actress and comedian.	Cecilia Forss	12 June 1985
date of birth	Benjamin Brogden Orridge (1814--1870) was a British antiquarian.	Benjamin Brogden Orridge	1814
date of birth	Mamman Bello Ali (1958 -- January 27, 2009) was Nigerian Senator for Yobe South senatorial district.	Mamman Bello Ali	1958
date of birth	Layes Abdullayeva (Amharic: Abelav Layes Tsige?; born 29 May 1991 in Ethiopia) is Ethiopia-born Azerbaijani international middle and long distance track and field athlete, running in the disciplines of 1500 m, 3000 m and 5000 m, but also 10000 m.	Layes Abdullayeva	29 May 1991
date of birth	Jack Dyson (8 July 1934 -- 22 November 2000) was both an English first-class cricketer and a professional footballer.	Jack Dyson	8 July 1934
date of birth	Slavko Zupcic (born 1970) is a Venezuelan psychiatrist and writer.	Slavko Zupcic	1970
date of birth	Dr. Alfredo Jahn Hartman (8 October 1867 -- 12 July 1940) was a Venezuelan civil engineer, botanist and geographer.	Alfredo Jahn	8 October 1867
date of birth	Myriam Bregman (born 25 February 1972) is an Argentine lawyer, activist and politician.	Myriam Bregman	25 February 1972
date of birth	Harald Christopher Wegelius, born 13 September 1944 in Helsinki, is a Finnish former banker and show jumper.	Christopher Wegelius	13 September 1944
date of birth	Abid Qaiyum Suleri (born 9 September 1969) is a Pakistani social policy analyst and development practitioner.	Abid Qaiyum Suleri	9 September 1969
date of birth	Dr. Anna Goldfeder (1898 -- February 15, 1993) was a pioneering researcher in the fields of radiology and cancer treatment.	Anna Goldfeder	1898
date of birth	Alan Kimber (1949 -- 6 September 2012) was an English swimmer who won a silver medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Alan Kimber	1949
date of birth	Alfredo Elías Ayub (born 13 January 1950) was the Director General of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad (CFE; English: Federal Electricity Commission), which is the Mexican state-owned electric monopoly.	Alfredo Elías Ayub	13 January 1950
date of birth	Phra Sucharit Suda (Thai: สุจริตสุดา; 13 November 1895 - 1982) Formerly Prueng Sucharitakul (Thai: เปรื่อง สุจริตกุล; rtgs: Prueng Sucharitakun), daughter of Chao Phraya Sudharm Montri.	Sucharit Suda	13 November 1895
date of birth	Gene Ward Smith (born 1947) is an American mathematician and music theorist.	Gene Ward Smith	1947
date of birth	Marc Jenkins (born 21 July 1976) is a Welsh triathlete from Bridgend.	Marc Jenkins	21 July 1976
date of birth	Ian Parrott (5 March 1916 -- 4 September 2012) was a prolific Anglo-Welsh composer and writer on music.	Ian Parrott	5 March 1916
date of birth	Hayri Pinarci (born 10 January 1991) is a Dutch-Turkish professional footballer, who currently plays for Spakenburg in the Dutch Topklasse.	Hayri Pinarci	10 January 1991
date of birth	Dale K. Van Kley (born 1941) is an American historian and Emeritus Professor of History at The Ohio State University.	Dale K. Van Kley	1941
date of birth	Ma Kai (Chinese: 马凯; pinyin: Mǎ Kǎi; born June 1946) is one of the four Vice Premiers of China (Fourth-ranked).	Ma Kai	June 1946
date of birth	William Callow (1812--1908) was an English landscape painter, engraver and water colourist.	William Callow	1812
date of birth	Aziz Ahmad (born c. 1964) is a professional Buzkashi player from Afghanistan.	Aziz Ahmad	1964
date of birth	Roland Dahinden (born 2 May 1962) is a Swiss trombonist and composer.	Roland Dahinden	2 May 1962
date of birth	Michael Dodson (1732--1799) was an English lawyer and writer on religious subjects.	Michael Dodson	1732
date of birth	Zurab Karumidze is a Georgian writer and culturologist, born in 1957 in Tbilisi.	Zurab Karumidze	1957
date of birth	Paul A. Schneider (born 30 April 1944, Brooklyn, New York) is a former Deputy Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security.	Paul A. Schneider	30 April 1944
date of birth	Isaac Tyson, Jr. (1792--1861) was a Quaker businessman from Baltimore, Maryland, who held a virtual monopoly on world supplies of chromium minerals during the mid-19th century.	Isaac Tyson	1792
date of birth	Charles Bombardier (born 1974) is a Canadian engineer, inventor and angel investor.	Charles Bombardier	1974
date of birth	Col Buchanan (born 1973 Lisburn, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish fantasy writer.	Col Buchanan	1973
date of birth	Gary Buckland (born 12 June 1986) is a Welsh professional boxer fighting in the super featherweight and lightweight divisions.	Gary Buckland	12 June 1986
date of birth	Delfín Mosibe Esara (born 2 July 1992), sportingly known as Delfi, is an Equatoguinean footballer.	Delfín Mosibe	2 July 1992
date of birth	Eugène Collache (29 January 1847 - unknown) was French Navy officer, who fought for the Shogun as a samurai during the Boshin War.	Eugène Collache	29 January 1847
date of birth	Jace Bode (born 14 September 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Australian Football League (AFL) club Melbourne in 2007 and 2008 and now plays for Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Jace Bode	14 September 1987
date of birth	Ulf Dextegen (born 16 November 1960) is a Swedish hypnotherapist and champion freediver (national records in 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013 with 8 minutes 43 seconds in static apnea, and bronze medals in 2009 and 2011 world championships. Personal best in training: 9 minutes 11 seconds).	Ulf Dextegen	1960
date of birth	Sir Alan Bowness CBE (born 11 January 1928) is a British art historian and former museum director.	Alan Bowness	11 January 1928
date of birth	Lee Gray (born Royce Lee Darling in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on March 15, 1936) was an American disc-jockey.	Lee Gray	1936
date of birth	André Malherbe (born 21 March 1956) is a Belgian former professional Grand Prix motocross racer.	André Malherbe	21 March 1956
date of birth	Carlos Luis de Ribera y Fieve (1815 -- April 14, 1891) was a Spanish painter, son of Juan Antonio Ribera.	Carlos Luis de Ribera y Fieve	1815
date of birth	Zac Aley (born 17 August 1991) is a semi professional footballer, his preferred position is a midfielder and currently plays for Ashton Town, after signing with the club on 9 November 2012.	Zac Aley	17 August 1991
date of birth	Werner H. Bloss (1930 -- June 6, 1995) was a scientist known for his work in the field of photovoltaics.	Werner H. Bloss	1930
date of birth	Shaun Hutson (born 1958) is a writer of novels including horror novels and dark urban thrillers.	Shaun Hutson	1958
date of birth	Colin S. Gray (born 1943) is a British-American strategic thinker and professor of International Relations and Strategic Studies at the University of Reading, where he is the director of the Centre for Strategic Studies.	Colin S. Gray	1943
date of birth	John H. Lee (1847 - September 7, 1890) was an American banjoist, composer and author of the late 19th century.	John H. Lee	1847
date of birth	Christopher Furness, 1st Baron Furness (23 April 1852 -- 10 November 1912) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician.	Christopher Furness, 1st Baron Furness	23 April 1852
date of birth	Albert Anis (1889--1964) was an architect in Miami, Florida known for his Art Deco architecture.	Albert Anis	1889
date of birth	Vratislav Greško (born 24 July 1977) is a retired Slovak footballer who recently played for the Fortuna Liga club Podbrezová.	Vratislav Greško	24 July 1977
date of birth	John Salesbury (1533--80), of Rûg, near Corwen, Merionethshire and Bachymbyd, near Ruthin, Denbighshire, was a Welsh politician.	John Salesbury	1533
date of birth	Keiynan Lonsdale (born 19 December 1991) is an Australian actor of African (Nigerian) descent, singer, and dancer.	Keiynan Lonsdale	19 December 1991
date of birth	Margaret Pomeranz AM (born 14 July 1944) is an Australian film critic, producer and television personality.	Margaret Pomeranz	14 July 1944
date of birth	Kent Carroll (born 1941) is the publisher of Europa Editions.	Kent Carroll	1941
date of birth	Israel Segal (Hebrew: ישראל סגל‎, 26 May 1944 -- September 27, 2007) was an Israeli journalist, author, and longtime political commentator.	Israel Segal	26 May 1944
date of birth	Lone Wiggers (1963, Helsingør) is a Danish architect, one of the partners at C. F. Møller Architects.	Lone Wiggers	1963
date of birth	Are Helseth (born 11 January 1955) is a Norwegian physician, health administrator and politician for the Labour Party.	Are Helseth	11 January 1955
date of birth	Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, 10th Baronet GCVO (born 9 April 1926) is a retired British soldier and former Lord Lieutenant of East Lothian.	Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, 10th Baronet	9 April 1926
date of birth	Ralph George Scott Bankes (24 October 1900 -- 22 May 1948) was a British barrister and Diocesan Chancellor.	Ralph George Scott Bankes	24 October 1900
date of birth	Lisa Deborah Frank (born 1955) is an American businesswoman, the founder of Lisa Frank Incorporated, headquartered in Tucson, Arizona.	Lisa Frank	1955
date of birth	James A. Joseph (born 1935) is an American former diplomat.	James A. Joseph	1935
date of birth	Ari Wolfe (born 1971) is a play-by-play announcer, reporter and anchor.	Ari Wolfe	1971
date of birth	Julio Gea-Banacloche (born 1957) is Professor of Physics and currently the Head of Department of Physics at the University of Arkansas.	Julio Gea-Banacloche	1957
date of birth	Muhammad Mojlum Khan (born 6 December 1973) is a Bangladeshi-born British non-fiction writer.	Muhammad Mojlum Khan	6 December 1973
date of birth	Eric Winstanley (born 15 November 1944) is an English former footballer who is currently a coach at Supersport United.	Eric Winstanley	15 November 1944
date of birth	Christian Pontus Andersson (born 1977) is a Swedish artist and sculptor, living in Södermalm, Stockholm.	Christian Pontus Andersson	1977
date of birth	Acija Alfirević (born 12 August 1951 in Split, Croatia) is an academic, lecturer, professor, feminist, scientist, writer and literary translator.	Acija Alfirević	12 August 1951
date of birth	Özgür Çevik (born 27 May 1981) is a Turkish singer and actor who gained fame and intense fan following as a result of having appeared in his country's version of the television pop music talent contest, Star Academy and, subsequently, as a variety performer and actor.	Özgür Çevik	27 May 1981
date of birth	Frank Mantek (born 20 January 1959) is a German weightlifting coach and a retired weightlifter.	Frank Mantek	20 January 1959
date of birth	Rulman Merswin (around 1307 - 1382) was a German mystic, leader for a time of the Friends of God.	Rulman Merswin	1307
date of birth	Alford Corriette (born 23 August 1948 in Montserrat) was a West Indies cricketer who played 24 matches for the Combined Islands and the Leeward Islands in a career that lasted from 1972 until 1976.	Alford Corriette	23 August 1948
date of birth	Alberich of Reims (c. 1085 -- 1141) studied with Anselm of Laon.	Alberich of Reims	1085
date of birth	Jerónimo de Loayza y González, O.P. (1498 -- October 25, 1575), was a Spanish Dominican friar and missionary, who was selected as the first Archbishop of Lima.	Jerónimo de Loayza	1498
date of birth	Cho Seok-jae (Hangul: 조석재; born 24 March 1993) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a striker for Jeonnam Dragons in K League Classic.	Cho Seok-jae	24 March 1993
date of birth	Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy, KG, GCVO (Alexandra Helen Elizabeth Olga Christabel; born 25 December 1936) is the youngest granddaughter of King George V and Queen Mary.	Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy	25 December 1936
date of birth	Sun Hongzhi (born September 1965) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Northeast China's Jilin province.	Sun Hongzhi	September 1965
date of birth	Syed Asim Mahmood (born 24 April 1968) is an Urdu writer, encyclopedist, researcher, editor and journalist.	Asim Mahmood	24 April 1968
date of birth	Auguste Hüssener (1789 -- 13 February 1877) was a German engraver and miniature painter.	Auguste Hüssener	1789
date of birth	Marion Cuyjet /suːˈʒeɪ/ born July 29, 1920 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was a pioneer in dance education in Black Philadelphia.	Marion Cuyjet	1920
date of birth	Steele Bishop (OAM) (born 29 April 1953) is a former track racing cyclist and World Champion.	Steele Bishop	29 April 1953
date of birth	Sarah, Duchess of York (Sarah Margaret; née Ferguson; born 15 October 1959) is a British writer, charity patron, public speaker, film producer and television personality.	Sarah, Duchess of York	15 October 1959
date of birth	Ive Mažuran (born 1928) is a Croatian historian.	Ive Mažuran	1928
date of birth	Hashem Aghajari (Persian: هاشم آقاجری‎‎) also Seyyed Hashem Aghajari (born 1957) is an Iranian historian, university professor and a critic of the Islamic Republic's government who was sentenced to death in 2002 for apostasy for a speech he gave on Islam urging Iranians to ``not blindly follow'' Islamic clerics.	Hashem Aghajari	1957
date of birth	Feliks Nowowiejski (7 February 1877 -- 18 January 1946) was a Polish composer, conductor, concert organist, and music teacher.	Feliks Nowowiejski	7 February 1877
date of birth	Ralph Thomlinson, (12 February 1925 -- 12 February 2007) was an American sociologist and demographer.	Ralph Thomlinson	12 February 1925
date of birth	Bartolomeo da Bologna (fl. 1405 -- 1427) was a north Italian composer of the early Quattrocento, the transitional period between the late medieval style of the Trecento and the early Renaissance.	Bartolomeo da Bologna	1405
date of birth	Carl Gustav Swensson (also spelled Svensson; 15 June 1861 -- 13 April 1910) was a Swedish landscape architect.	Carl Gustav Swensson	1861
date of birth	Mohamed Harrif Salleh (born 15 September 1988) is a Malaysian professional racing cyclist, currently riding for Terengganu Pro Asia Cycling Team.	Harrif Salleh	15 September 1988
date of birth	Rudy Rotta (born 14 October 1950) is an Italian blues guitarist who lives near Verona.	Rudy Rotta	14 October 1950
date of birth	Emmanuel Bangué (born 21 July 1971 in Saint-Maur-des-Fosses) is a French long jumper, best known for finishing fourth at the 1996 Olympic Games.	Emmanuel Bangué	21 July 1971
date of birth	Nichola McAuliffe (born 27 August 1955) is an English television and stage actress and writer, best known for her role as Sheila Sabatini in the ITV sitcom Surgical Spirit (1989-1995).	Nichola McAuliffe	1955
date of birth	Bart Moore-Gilbert (8 December 1952 - 2 December 2015) was a Tanzanian born British academic, orientalist and political campaigner, most widely known for his work in the field of postcolonial literary studies and theory.	Bart Moore-Gilbert	8 December 1952
date of birth	Soumodip Sarkar (b. 13 June 1965 in Jamshedpur, India) is a noted economist and management researcher.	Soumodip Sarkar	13 June 1965
date of birth	Subroto Bagchi (31 May 1957) is an Indian entrepreneur and business leader.	Subroto Bagchi	31 May 1957
date of birth	Ori Elon (in Hebrew אורי אלון) (born 1981) is an Israeli writer and filmmaker.	Ori Elon	1981
date of birth	John IV of Egmont (or Egmond) (1499 -- Ferrara, April 1528) was second Count of Egmont, Lord of Baer, Purmerend, Purmerland and Ilpendam.	John IV of Egmont	1499
date of birth	George Henry Durrie (June 6, 1820 -- October 15, 1863) was an American artist whose rural winter scenes became popular when reproduced as lithographic prints by Currier and Ives.	George Henry Durrie	1820
date of birth	Björn S. Stefánsson (born 19. June 1937) is an Icelandic social scientist.	Björn S. Stefánsson	19. June 1937
date of birth	Maxwell Gordon Lightfoot (19 July 1886 -- 27 September 1911) was an artist and painter from Liverpool who became known for his depictions of atmospheric pastoral scenes and sepia illustrations of figures.	Maxwell Gordon Lightfoot	19 July 1886
date of birth	Mars Callahan (born 1971) is an American actor, film director, producer and writer.	Mars Callahan	1971
date of birth	Jan van Cauwelaert, C.I.C.M. (born 12 April 1914) is a Belgian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Jan van Cauwelaert	12 April 1914
date of birth	Jerry Marquis (born February 14, 1956) is a former NASCAR Driver who competed in the NASCAR Busch Series the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, The NASCAR Busch North Series and The NASCAR Featherlight Modified Series.	Jerry Marquis	1956
date of birth	Rev. Aloysius Varsi, SJ, (9 March 1830 - 27 November 1900) was an American educator and college president.	Aloysius Varsi	9 March 1830
date of birth	Nemanja Vuković (Cyrillic: Heмaњa Bукoвић, born 13 April 1984) is a Montenegrin footballer who currently plays for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League.	Nemanja Vuković	13 April 1984
date of birth	Dummy, the Witch of Sible Hedingham (c. 1788 -- September 4, 1863) was the pseudonym of an unidentified elderly man who was one of the last people to be charged with witchcraft in England in the 19th century.	Dummy, the Witch of Sible Hedingham	1788
date of birth	Edmond Leung Hon-man (born 5 November 1971) is a Hong Kong singer-songwriter, record producer, actor, and television host from Hong Kong.	Edmond Leung	5 November 1971
date of birth	Wolfgang Kauer (born 20 February 1957) is an Austrian author who lives in Salzburg.	Wolfgang Kauer	20 February 1957
date of birth	Jon Reidar Øyan (born 15 April 1981) is a Norwegian gay rights activist and politician for the Labour Party.	Jon Reidar Øyan	1981
date of birth	Pope Conon (c. 630 -- 21 September 687) was Pope from 21 October 686 to his death in 687.	Pope Conon	630
date of birth	Che Husna Azhari (born on 8 November 1955) in Kota Bharu, Melor, Kelantan, is a prominent Malaysian writer of literature.	Che Husna Azhari	1955
date of birth	Des Meadowcroft (31 March 1880 -- 22 September 1959) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Des Meadowcroft	31 March 1880
date of birth	Ryan Brawley (born 2 February 1986) is a Scottish professional boxer fighting in the lightweight division.	Ryan Brawley	2 February 1986
date of birth	Tariq Spezie Sevilla (born 21 June 1980), known simply as Tariq, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón as a striker.	Tariq Spezie	21 June 1980
date of birth	Edward John Barker (31 December 1799 -- 27 April 1884) was an English physician and journalist who worked for much of his life in Canada.	Edward John Barker	31 December 1799
date of birth	Henri Bresc (born 12 December 1939) is a French historian who specialises in the Mediaeval history of Sicily, and particularly in the inter-relation in the Mediterranean area between the three principal monotheistic religions.	Henri Bresc	12 December 1939
date of birth	Maharaja Bhim Singh II (14 September 1909 -- 20 July 1991) was the last ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Kotah from 1940 to 1947.	Bhim Singh II	1909
date of birth	Swami Prameyananda (April 1933 -- October 20, 2011) was a vice-president of the Ramakrishna Order.	Swami Prameyananda	April 1933
date of birth	Kalu Rinpoche (1905 -- May 10, 1989) was a Buddhist lama, meditation master, scholar and teacher.	Kalu Rinpoche	1905
date of birth	Zavon Hines (born 27 December 1988) is a professional footballer for Dagenham & Redbridge.	Zavon Hines	27 December 1988
date of birth	William Burdine Blake, Sr. (1852--1938) was a music composer and newspaper publisher.	William Burdine Blake, Sr.	1852
date of birth	Paulo Moura (15 July 1932--12 July 2010) was a Brazilian clarinetist and saxophonist.	Paulo Moura	15 July 1932
date of birth	James R. Robinson (1860--1950) was an industrialist, inventor, and author of a seminal book on mine ventilation (1922).	James R. Robinson	1860
date of birth	Antoine Blanchard is the pseudonym under which the French painter Marcel Masson (15 November 1910 -- 1988) painted his immensely popular Parisian street scenes.	Antoine Blanchard	15 November 1910
date of birth	Lee Yong-jae (Hangul: 이용재; born 8 June 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays for the Japanese club Kyoto Sanga F.C. in J. League Division 2.	Lee Yong-jae	8 June 1991
date of birth	Giovanni Antonio Stuardi (Poirino, Piedmont, 1862 -1938) was an Italian sculptor.	Giovanni Antonio Stuardi	1862
date of birth	Rachel Trezise (born 1978) is a Welsh author, born in Cwmparc, Rhondda.	Rachel Trezise	1978
date of birth	Brit Sandaune (born 5 May 1972) is a Norwegian soccer player and pre-school teacher.	Brit Sandaune	5 May 1972
date of birth	Charles Hector (full name Charles Hector Fernandez, born in Temerloh on 4 July 1961) is a Malaysian Human Rights advocate and activist.	Charles Hector	4 July 1961
date of birth	Thomas Demand, in full Thomas Cyrill Demand, (born 1964) is a German sculptor and photographer.	Thomas Demand	1964
date of birth	Ken Rinaldo (born 1958) is an American artist and educator internationally recognized for his interactive robotics and bio-art installations.	Ken Rinaldo	1958
date of birth	Anne Margrethe Qvitzow (1652 -1700) was a Danish poet, translator and memoir writer, known for her learning.	Anne Margrethe Qvitzow	1652
date of birth	Reuven Helman (1927 - July 11, 2013) was a former Maccabiah Olympian recognized as a weightlifting champion, distinguished athlete in Track and Field, the Decathlon and for his career as an athletic instructor.	Reuven Helman	1927
date of birth	Amy Welch (born 1985) is a journalist and news reporter for ITV news programme Granada Reports.	Amy Welch	1985
date of birth	Gregg McNally (born 2 January 1991), is an English born Irish professional rugby league footballer for Leigh.	Gregg McNally	2 January 1991
date of birth	Wayne Hernaman (born 15 May 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played twenty games for Richmond in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 1993 and 1994.	Wayne Hernaman	15 May 1972
date of birth	John Cunningham, 15th Earl of Glencairn (1749 -- 24 September 1796) was a Scottish nobleman, cavalry officer, and finally a priest.	John Cunningham, 15th Earl of Glencairn	1749
date of birth	Bernie Moran (13 October 1930 -- 21 April 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bernie Moran	13 October 1930
date of birth	Nancy Dell'Olio (born 23 August 1961) is an Italian-British lawyer who first came to public notice as the girlfriend of Sven-Göran Eriksson, then manager of the England national football team.	Nancy Dell'Olio	1961
date of birth	Anémone Marmottan (born 25 May 1988) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and soldier.	Anémone Marmottan	25 May 1988
date of birth	Sri Vidya Prakasananda Giri Swamy (Swāmī Vidyāprakāśānanda Giri) (13 April 1914 -- 10 April 1998), born Ananda Mohan, was a revered Hindu guru and predominantly prominent among Telugu speaking community across the world for his teachings and works about Vedanta in Telugu language.	Sri Vidya Prakasananda Giri Swamy	13 April 1914
date of birth	Tapani Rinne (born 1962) is a Finnish musician, composer and record producer, who is known for his experimental and innovative style with the clarinet and saxophone.	Tapani Rinne	1962
date of birth	Me Me Lai (born 1952), sometimes billed as Me Me Lay, is a Burmese-born actress and television host who worked mainly in British and Italian films, most notably in the horror genre.	Me Me Lai	1952
date of birth	Allan R. Taylor, O.C. (born 1932 in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian banker.	Allan R. Taylor	1932
date of birth	Professor Jason Pomeroy (born 27 July 1974) is an architect, masterplanner, academic, author, and TV personality.	Jason Pomeroy	27 July 1974
date of birth	Stephen Adebanji Akintoye, also known as S. Banji Akintoye (born 1935), is a Nigerian-born academic, historian and writer.	Stephen Adebanji Akintoye	1935
date of birth	Hibret Fekadu (born 1990) is an Ethiopian beauty pageant contestant.	Hibret Fekadu	1990
date of birth	Karan Raj Kanwar (born 9 December 1991) is an Indian film producer based in Bollywood.	Karan Raj Kanwar	9 December 1991
date of birth	Akandhan Velusami Radhakrishnan (Tamil: அகண்டன் வேலுசாமி இராதாகிருஷ்ணன்; born 1 August 1952) is a Sri Lankan politician and state minister.	Velusami Radhakrishnan	1 August 1952
date of birth	Giorgos Agorogiannis (Greek: Γιώργος Aγορογιάννης; born 3 May 1966) is a former Greek football player.	Giorgos Agorogiannis	3 May 1966
date of birth	P.C. Sorcar, Young (Bengali: পি.সি. সরকার,ইয়াং, born 1950) is an Indian magician based in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	P.C. Sorcar, Young	1950
date of birth	Akela Jones (born 22 April 1995) is a Barbadian track and field athlete who holds Barbadian records in the women's heptathlon, pentathlon, long jump and high jump.	Akela Jones	22 April 1995
date of birth	Shahid Anwar (born 5 July 1968) in Multan) is a former Pakistani International cricketer.	Shahid Anwar	5 July 1968
date of birth	Graham Wright (born 6 June 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League.	Graham Wright	6 June 1968
date of birth	Sir John Denis Forman, OBE (13 October 1917 -- 24 February 2013) was a Scottish executive in the British television industry long associated with the ITV contractor Granada, and with various charitable and governmental bodies in the arts.	Denis Forman	13 October 1917
date of birth	Dannah Gresh (born 1967) is a Christian author and public speaker.	Dannah Gresh	1967
date of birth	Tom Hazelmyer (born 1965) is an American musician and printmaker.	Tom Hazelmyer	1965
date of birth	Stephen Purdy (born 1970 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is known as an author of a book on theatrical song performance and is a vocal and performance coach for Broadway musicals and for Broadway and West End actors.	Stephen Purdy	1970
date of birth	Countess Maria Zofia Czartoryska née Sieniawska (1698--1771) was a Polish szlachcianka (noble lady).	Maria Zofia Czartoryska	1698
date of birth	Gregory John Barro, known as Greg Barro (born 1957), is an attorney in Shreveport, Louisiana, who served as a Democrat in the Louisiana State Senate from 1992 to 1996.	Greg Barro	1957
date of birth	Philip Tannura (March 28, 1897 -- December 7, 1973) was an American cinematographer who worked on over a hundred films during his career.	Philip Tannura	1897
date of birth	John Volts (1825--1904?) was a British critic, philosopher and writer.	John Volts	1825
date of birth	Lucy Irvine (born 1 February 1956) is a British adventurer and author.	Lucy Irvine	1 February 1956
date of birth	Jim Dodge (born 1945) is an American novelist and poet whose works combine themes of folklore and fantasy, set in a timeless present.	Jim Dodge	1945
date of birth	Roman Glavatskikh (born 3 May 1983 in Novoural'sk, USSR) is a Russian futsal player.	Roman Glavatskikh	3 May 1983
date of birth	George Pawlaczyk (born 1945) is an investigative journalist for the Belleville News-Democrat' in Belleville, IL'.	George Pawlaczyk	1945
date of birth	Lesego Rampolokeng (born 7 July 1965) is a South African writer, playwright and performance poet.	Lesego Rampolokeng	7 July 1965
date of birth	Juan Carlos Paredes Reasco (born 8 July 1987) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for English club Watford.	Juan Carlos Paredes	8 July 1987
date of birth	Islah Abdur-Rahman (Bengali: ইসলাহ আব্দুর রহমান; born 20 April 1991) is an English film director, actor and screenwriter.	Islah Abdur-Rahman	20 April 1991
date of birth	Diarmuid Horan (born 1988) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Offaly senior hurling team.	Diarmuid Horan	1988
date of birth	Dorina Korsós (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈdorinɒ ˈkorʃoːʃ); born 3 September 1995 in Kecskemét) is a Hungarian handballer playing for Győri Audi ETO KC.	Dorina Korsós	3 September 1995
date of birth	Patricia Saldaña Natke (born 1964 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American architect, founding partner and president of UrbanWorks, Ltd., a Chicago-based architecture, interiors, and urban planning firm.	Patricia Saldaña Natke	1964
date of birth	Greg Pickersgill, born in Haverfordwest, Wales in 1951, is an influential British science fiction fan.	Greg Pickersgill	1951
date of birth	Wei Shihao (Chinese: 韦世豪; pinyin: Wěi Shìháo; born 8 April 1995) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Leixões in the Segunda Liga.	Wei Shihao	8 April 1995
date of birth	Kathy Lloyd (born 13 November 1967) is a Welsh former Page 3 girl and glamour model and television presenter.	Kathy Lloyd	13 November 1967
date of birth	Antonio Martos Ortiz (born 19 February 1981) is a notable ex-member of the boyband D'NASH.	Antonio Martos Ortiz	19 February 1981
date of birth	Katarzyna Pawłowska (born 16 August 1989), also known as Kasia Pawłowska, is a Polish road racing and track cyclist.	Katarzyna Pawłowska	16 August 1989
date of birth	L.E. White (1930-2004) was an American Grammy Award-winning songwriter, singer and musician.	L.E. White	1930
date of birth	Kevin Abley (born 24 March 1935) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League with the Glenelg Football Club.	Kevin Abley	24 March 1935
date of birth	Pandit Yashpaul (born 22 March 1937) is a performing artiste of the Agra gharana of Hindustani Classical Music.	Yashpaul	22 March 1937
date of birth	Jürgen Bachmann (born 20 January 1942) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 400 medley event at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.	Jürgen Bachmann	20 January 1942
date of birth	Vidar Sandem (born 19 February 1947) is a Norwegian actor, playwright and theatre director.	Vidar Sandem	19 February 1947
date of birth	Al Filreis (born 1956) is the Kelly Professor of English at the University of Pennsylvania, Faculty Director of the Kelly Writers House, and Director of the Center for Programs in Contemporary Writing at the University of Pennsylvania.	Al Filreis	1956
date of birth	Ferdo Kozak (18 October 1894 -- 8 December 1957) was a Slovenian author, playwright, editor and politician.	Ferdo Kozak	18 October 1894
date of birth	Marie-Claude Molnar (born 2 October 1983) is a C4 Canadian paracyclist.	Marie-Claude Molnar	2 October 1983
date of birth	Thomas Wiswall (1601--1683) was an early settler of British America, a prominent early citizen of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and a key figure in the founding of Cambridge Village, now known as the city of Newton, Massachusetts.	Thomas Wiswall	1601
date of birth	Georgios Bakos (Greek: Γεώργιος Μπάκος, 1892--1945) was a Greek Army officer.	Georgios Bakos	1892
date of birth	Alexander Mikaberidze (Georgian: ალექსანდრე მიქაბერიძე, Russian: Алекса́ндр Микабери́дзе; born 27 January 1978) is a Georgian lawyer, author and historian who specializes in Napoleonic studies, Russian history and Georgian history.	Alexander Mikaberidze	27 January 1978
date of birth	Penelope Sudrow (born 1966) is an American actress who has starred in film and on television.	Penelope Sudrow	1966
date of birth	Henry Faulds (1 June 1843 -- 24 March 1930) was a Scottish physician, missionary and scientist who is noted for the development of fingerprinting.	Henry Faulds	1 June 1843
date of birth	Graham Moughton (born 2 December 1948) is a retired English boxer.	Graham Moughton	2 December 1948
date of birth	Luka Peruzović (born 26 February 1952) is a Croatian football coach and former player, who managed Belgium's Standard Liège, Charleroi and Anderlecht and Qatar's Al Sadd.	Luka Peruzović	26 February 1952
date of birth	Adalberto Martínez Chávez (25 January 1916 -- April 4, 2003), better known in the entertainment world as Resortes was a renowned Mexican actor.	Adalberto Martínez	25 January 1916
date of birth	Alberto Peluffo (born 10 September 1958) is an Italian teacher and researcher, formerly Deputy Mayor of the City of Noli.	Alberto Peluffo	10 September 1958
date of birth	Reneta Kamberova (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Ренета Камберова) (born 12 September 1990 in Pazardzhik) is a Bulgarian Group rhythmic gymnast.	Reneta Kamberova	12 September 1990
date of birth	Patrick Bellew, 1st Baron Bellew PC (Ire) (29 January 1798 -- 10 December 1866), known as Sir Patrick Bellew, 7th Baronet, from 1827 to 1848, was an Irish Whig politician.	Patrick Bellew, 1st Baron Bellew	29 January 1798
date of birth	Periklis Pierrakos-Mavromichalis (Greek: Περικλής Πιερράκος Μαυρομιχάλης, 1863--1938), also known as Mavromichalis-Pierrakos, was a Greek military officer and politician.	Periklis Pierrakos-Mavromichalis	1863
date of birth	Justine Kurland (born 1969 in Warsaw, NY) is a fine art photographer based in New York.	Justine Kurland	1969
date of birth	James Douglas, 9th Earl of Douglas, 3rd Earl of Avondale KG (1426--1488) was a Scottish nobleman, last of the 'Black' earls of Douglas.	James Douglas, 9th Earl of Douglas	1426
date of birth	Sigi Lens (born 26 October 1963) is a retired Dutch-Surinamese footballer and currently is a sports agent.	Sigi Lens	26 October 1963
date of birth	Hans-Jürgen Dohrenkamp (born 8 June 1948), better known by his stage name Jürgen von der Lippe, is a German television presenter, entertainer, actor and comedian.	Jürgen von der Lippe	8 June 1948
date of birth	Morris Goodman (1925 -- November 14, 2010, Michigan) was an American scientist known for his work in molecular evolution and molecular systematics.	Morris Goodman	1925
date of birth	Darryn Smith (born 2 August 1975 in Durban) is a South African baseball pitcher.	Darryn Smith	2 August 1975
date of birth	Joško Marušić (born 27 March 1952 in Split) is a Croatian film-maker, comic artist, caricaturist and illustrator.	Joško Marušić	27 March 1952
date of birth	Tanvir Mokammel (born 8 March 1955) is a Bengali filmmaker and author from Bangladesh.	Tanvir Mokammel	8 March 1955
date of birth	Adam Pettle (born 1973) is an award-winning Canadian playwright, Radio Producer, and Television writer.	Adam Pettle	1973
date of birth	Maristela Salvatori, (born 1960) is an artist and printmaker.	Maristela Salvatori	1960
date of birth	Pope Honorius IV (c. 1210 -- 3 April 1287), born Giacomo Savelli, was Pope from 2 April 1285 to his death in 1287.	Pope Honorius IV	1210
date of birth	François Lotte (1889--1970) was a French archetier and bow maker.	François Lotte	1889
date of birth	Hermann Nitsch (born 29 August 1938) is an Austrian artist who works in experimental and multimedia modes.	Hermann Nitsch	29 August 1938
date of birth	Rabbi Hayim David HaLevi (24 January 1924 -- 10 March 1998), also written Haim David ha-Levi, etc. (הרב חיים דוד הלוי), was Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Tel Aviv-Jaffa.	Hayim David HaLevi	24 January 1924
date of birth	Dale Keenan (born 27 June 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer, who currently plays for Scottish League One side Stranraer.	Dale Keenan	27 June 1994
date of birth	Rev. Adam Blakeman was born in Gnosall, Staffordshire, England, June 10, 1596.	Adam Blakeman	1596
date of birth	Aaly Karashev (born 1968) is a Kyrgyz politician who served as acting Prime Minister from September 1 to September 5, 2012.	Aaly Karashev	1968
date of birth	Fabio Capello (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfaːbjo kaˈpello); born 18 June 1946) is an Italian manager and a former professional footballer who was most recently the head coach of the Russia national football team.	Fabio Capello	18 June 1946
date of birth	Torita Isaac (born 5 July 1995) is an Indigenous Australian athlete.	Torita Isaac	5 July 1995
date of birth	Siemowit of Cieszyn (Polish: Siemowit cieszyński) (c. 1340 -- 25 September 1391) was a Polish prince, member of the Piast dynasty in the Cieszyn branch.	Siemowit of Cieszyn	1340
date of birth	Jean-Louis Trudel (born in 1967) is a science fiction writer.	Jean-Louis Trudel	1967
date of birth	Sir Robert Thomas, 2nd Baronet (born c. 1622) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1661 to 1681.	Sir Robert Thomas, 2nd Baronet	1622
date of birth	Nikhil Thakur (born 16 March 1993) is a hacker and Internet activist.	Nikhil Thakur	16 March 1993
date of birth	Eric Bristow MBE (``The Crafty Cockney'') (born 25 April 1957) is a former professional English darts player.	Eric Bristow	25 April 1957
date of birth	Hélène Dutrieu (10 July 1877 -- 26 June 1961), was a cycling world champion, stunt cyclist, stunt motorcyclist, automobile racer, stunt driver, pioneer aviator, wartime ambulance driver, and director of a military hospital.	Hélène Dutrieu	10 July 1877
date of birth	Charles Melcher (born 1965) is the founder and president of Melcher Media, a small independent book packager and publisher in New York.	Charles Melcher	1965
date of birth	William Roughead (1870--1952) was a well-known Scottish lawyer and amateur criminologist, as well as an editor and essayist on ``matters criminous''.	William Roughead	1870
date of birth	Anton Günther II, Count of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen-Arnstadt (10 October 1653 in Sondershausen -- 20 July 1716 in Arnstadt) was a Count of Schwarzburg and Hohenstein and Lord of Sondershausen, Arnstadt and Leutenberg from 1666 until his death.	Anton Günther II, Count of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen-Arnstadt	10 October 1653
date of birth	Cao Yuan (simplified Chinese: 曹缘; traditional Chinese: 曹緣; pinyin: Cáo Yuán; born 7 February 1995) is a Chinese diver and an Olympic gold medalist.	Cao Yuan	7 February 1995
date of birth	Yuliya Kosenkova (born 28 March 1973) is a former Russian middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Yuliya Kosenkova	28 March 1973
date of birth	Ian Dewhirst, MBE (born 17 October 1936) is an accredited local historian, author and public speaker from Keighley, West Yorkshire.	Ian Dewhirst	17 October 1936
date of birth	Emma Rosina Heikel (17 March 1842 -- 13 December 1929) was a Finnish medical doctor and feminist.	Rosina Heikel	17 March 1842
date of birth	Jaime Chik Mei-chun (Chinese: 戚美珍, born 5 January 1962) is a Hong Kong TVB actress.	Jaime Chik	5 January 1962
date of birth	Shlomo Yosef Burg (Hebrew: שלמה יוסף בורג‎, 31 January 1909 -- 15 October 1999) was a German-born Israeli politician.	Yosef Burg	31 January 1909
date of birth	Rahul Bhat (born 7 December 1977) is an Indian actor, producer, television personality and former model.	Rahul Bhat	7 December 1977
date of birth	Arestís Stasí (Aristides Anastassiades also known as il cipriota) was born in 1940 in Limassol, Cyprus and spent his first years in the village of Platres in the Troödos mountains.	Arestís Stasí	1940
date of birth	Bruno Pais (born 10 June 1981) is a Portuguese triathlete who represents S.L. Benfica.	Bruno Pais	10 June 1981
date of birth	Alpheus Harding (Jan. 12, 1818--) was a US politician and bank president.	Alpheus Harding	1818
date of birth	William Wickham King (30 May 1862-- 11 December 1959), usually known as Wickham King was a distinguished amateur geologist, a Fellow of the Geological Society for 50 years.	William Wickham King	30 May 1862
date of birth	Charly Runciman (born 22 July 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Widnes Vikings in the Super League.	Charly Runciman	22 July 1993
date of birth	Rebecca Johns (born 1971) is an author and educator.	Rebecca Johns	1971
date of birth	Miloje Milojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милоје Милојевић; 27 October 1884, Belgrade -- 16 June 1946, Belgrade) was a Serbian composer, musicologist, music critic, folklorist, music pedagogue, and music promoter.	Miloje Milojević	27 October 1884
date of birth	Lee Ju-yeol (Hangul: 이주열; born 24 July 1952) is a South Korean economist and technocrat who was appointed Governor of the Bank of Korea, the South Korean central bank, on 1 April 2014.	Lee Ju-yeol	24 July 1952
date of birth	Stephen Devassy (Malayalam:സ്റ്റീഫൻ ദേവസ്യ, born 23 February 1981) is a musician hailing from Palakkad, Kerala.	Stephen Devassy	23 February 1981
date of birth	Yosef Shofman (Hebrew: יוסף שופמן‎, 16 June 1903 -- 10 September 1978) was an Israeli politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal between 1955 and 1969, and as the country's ambassador to Venezuela between 1971 and 1974.	Yosef Shofman	16 June 1903
date of birth	Mel Sachs (1946 -- August 30, 2006) was a prominent American criminal defense attorney in New York City.	Mel Sachs	1946
date of birth	Tom McBride (born 18 September 1936), also known as Big Tom, is an Irish country music singer, guitarist, and saxophone player.	Big Tom	18 September 1936
date of birth	Gordon Shedden (born 15 February 1979 in Edinburgh) is a British auto racing driver, who currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship for the Honda Yuasa Racing Team and is the current reigning BTCC champion having won the title for the second time in 2015.	Gordon Shedden	15 February 1979
date of birth	Sibelle Hu or Hu Huizhong (Chinese: 胡慧中; Wade--Giles: Hu Hui-chung; born 4 May 1958) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who starred in both Taiwanese and Hong Kong movies.	Sibelle Hu	4 May 1958
date of birth	Elmar Brandt (born 20 September 1971) is a German impressionist, best known for his imitations of politicians.	Elmar Brandt	20 September 1971
date of birth	Derek Blake Booth (born 7 April 1953) is an eminent American geologist and heir presumptive to the Booth baronetcy of Allerton Beeches, Liverpool.	Derek Blake Booth	7 April 1953
date of birth	Edit Klocker (born 16 October 1979) is a retired Hungarian butterfly swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships.	Edit Klocker	16 October 1979
date of birth	Drake Jensen (born 15 April 1970) is a Canadian country music artist.	Drake Jensen	15 April 1970
date of birth	Brentley Frazer (1972) is a contemporary Australian poet/writer.	Brentley Frazer	1972
date of birth	Ernest Jackson Lawson Soulsby, Baron Soulsby of Swaffham Prior (born 23 June 1926) is a British microbiologist and parasitologist.	Lawson Soulsby, Baron Soulsby of Swaffham Prior	23 June 1926
date of birth	Lee Falkon (born 7 May 1992) is an Israeli football player who plays as a forward for MSV Duisburg.	Lee Falkon	7 May 1992
date of birth	Fraser Walker (born 1973) was a Scottish swimmer specialising in the individual medley events.	Fraser Walker	1973
date of birth	Tim McCreight (born 1951) is an American artist who specializes in metalsmithing, particularly in jewelry.	Tim McCreight	1951
date of birth	William Luff (1872--1960) was a British actor and cinematographer.	William Luff	1872
date of birth	Henry Calderón (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈenɾi kaldeˈɾon), born 19 April 1993) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Chilean club General Velásquez as a striker.	Henry Calderón	19 April 1993
date of birth	Aimo Maggi (31 May 1756 -- 9 December 1793) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic periods, mainly active in his natal city of Brescia.	Aimo Maggi	31 May 1756
date of birth	Alex Whittle (born 15 March 1993) is an English professional footballer who is currently playing for National League North side AFC Fylde.	Alex Whittle	15 March 1993
date of birth	Barbara Taylor Bradford OBE, (born 10 May 1933) is a best-selling British-American novelist.	Barbara Taylor Bradford	10 May 1933
date of birth	Leutnant Hans Martin Pippart (14 May 1888 - 11 August 1918) Iron Cross was a pioneer aircraft manufacturer and early pilot.	Hans Martin Pippart	14 May 1888
date of birth	Jeremia Nambinga (born 13 December 1946 in Ohangwena Region) is a Namibian politician and businessperson.	Jeremia Nambinga	13 December 1946
date of birth	Don Heath (born 26 December 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played as an outside right.	Don Heath	26 December 1944
date of birth	Eitan Avitsur (Hebrew: איתן אביצור; born 1941 in Jerusalem) is a composer and conductor.	Eitan Avitsur	1941
date of birth	Fleur East (born 29 October 1987), also known as Fleur, is an English singer, songwriter, rapper, dancer, and fitness model.	Fleur East	29 October 1987
date of birth	Divya Spandana (born 29 November 1982), known by her stage name Ramya, is an Indian film actress and politician.	Ramya	29 November 1982
date of birth	Wolfgang Stumph (born 31 January 1946) is an award-winning German actor and cabaret artist.	Wolfgang Stumph	31 January 1946
date of birth	Costas Droutsas (Greek: Κώστας Δρούτσας, born on 5 December 1939 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek politician, a member of the Greek Communist Party.	Costas Droutsas	5 December 1939
date of birth	Raju Narayana Swamy (born 24 May 1968) is an officer in the Indian Administrative Service.	Raju Narayana Swamy	24 May 1968
date of birth	Keith Crombie (c. 1939, Seaham -- December 29, 2012, Newcastle upon Tyne) was an iconic music venue owner and promoter in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Keith Crombie	1939
date of birth	Pablo Larrazábal (born 15 May 1983) is a Spanish professional golfer currently playing on the European Tour.	Pablo Larrazábal	15 May 1983
date of birth	N. S. Lakshminarayan Bhatta (born 1936) is a Kannada poet from Shivamogga district.	N. S. Lakshminarayan Bhat	1936
date of birth	Ebenezer Doan, Jr. was born 9 September 1772 in Bucks County of a large Quaker family.	Ebenezer Doan	9 September 1772
date of birth	Reeta Sisko Hanhijoki, née Markkanen (born 25 April 1962 in Rautalampi) is a retired Finnish sprinter, who specialized in the 60, 100 and 200 metres.	Sisko Hanhijoki	25 April 1962
date of birth	Sandra Spencer (born 1973) is a British actress, singer and television presenter.	Sandra Spencer	1973
date of birth	Wolfgang Ziebart (born 30 January 1950 in Hannover) was chairman of the board of the Infineon Technologies AG, until his resignation on 26 May 2008.	Wolfgang Ziebart	30 January 1950
date of birth	Steve Tilston (born 26 March 1950) is an English folk singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Steve Tilston	26 March 1950
date of birth	Cristiano Biraghi (born 1 September 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Spanish club Granada CF on loan from Internazionale.	Cristiano Biraghi	1 September 1992
date of birth	Professor Don Mottram, Ph.D., (born 1945 in Cheshire) is an English flavour chemist based at the School of Food Biosciences of the University of Reading.	Don Mottram	1945
date of birth	Louis-Pierre d'Hozier (1685 -- 25 September 1767), son of Louis Roger d'Hozier, succeeded his uncle Charles as juge d'armes.	Louis-Pierre d'Hozier	1685
date of birth	Robert Brisco Earée (1846-1928) was an English priest and philatelist who was known for his studies of philatelic fakes and forgeries.	Robert Brisco Earée	1846
date of birth	Niall Dunne (born 30 November 1974) is the Chief Sustainability Officer of BT Group, and a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader.	Niall Dunne	30 November 1974
date of birth	Giampiero Simoni (born 12 September 1969 in Porto San Giorgio) is an Italian former racing driver who made his name in Touring Car racing.	Giampiero Simoni	12 September 1969
date of birth	Tsetin Mantatzi (Greek: Τσετίν Μάντατζη; Turkish: Çetin Mandacı; born 7 March 1970) is a Greek politician of Turkish descent.	Tsetin Mantatzi	7 March 1970
date of birth	Sir George Shee, 1st Baronet (1758--1825) was a British government minister.	Sir George Shee, 1st Baronet	1758
date of birth	Bhoopendra Singh (born 20 May 1960 Bamora, Sagar district) is an Indian politician, belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Bhoopendra Singh	20 May 1960
date of birth	Sir John Kaputin (born 11 July 1941) was the foreign minister of Papua New Guinea from 1992 until 1994 and from December 1999 until 2000.	John Kaputin	11 July 1941
date of birth	Alfredo Omar Tena (born 28 April 1985) is a Mexican footballer who played as a midfielder for Querétaro F.C..	Omar Tena	28 April 1985
date of birth	Dr. Shaukatullah Shah Ansari (12 May 1908 -- 29 December 1972) was an Indian politician and diplomat.	Shaukatullah Shah Ansari	12 May 1908
date of birth	Mickalene Thomas (born Jersey January 28, 1971), is a contemporary African American artist best known for her complex paintings made of rhinestones, acrylic and enamel.	Mickalene Thomas	1971
date of birth	Qurratulain Hyder (Urdu: قرۃ العین حیدر‎; 20 January 1927 -- 21 August 2007) was an influential Indian Urdu novelist and short story writer, an academic, and a journalist.	Qurratulain Hyder	20 January 1927
date of birth	Giuseppe Cataldo (Locri, September 19, 1938 − Locri, May 10, 2011), also known as Peppe, was an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.	Giuseppe Cataldo	1938
date of birth	Deng Changyou (Chinese: 邓昌友; born February 1947) is a retired general of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Deng Changyou	1947
date of birth	Sir Henry Cheere, 1st Baronet (1703 -- 15 January 1781) was a renowned English sculptor and monumental mason of the eighteenth century, and older brother of John Cheere, also a notable sculptor.	Henry Cheere	1703
date of birth	Nelly Rosario (born 1972) is a Dominican American novelist and creative writing instructor in the MFA Program at Texas State University in San Marcos.	Nelly Rosario	1972
date of birth	Stephanie Kalu (born 8 May 1993) is an American born Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 x 100 metres.	Stephanie Kalu	8 May 1993
date of birth	Ferdinand Faivre (1860--1937) was a French sculptor whose work is often characterised by the Art Nouveau style.	Ferdinand Faivre	1860
date of birth	Leri Khabelov (Georgian: ლერი ხაბელოვი, Russian: Лери Габрелович Хабелов) (born 5 July 1964) is a Georgian politician and a retired wrestler, formerly a Soviet Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Leri Khabelov	5 July 1964
date of birth	Richard Emsley (born December 1951 in Goole, Yorkshire) is a British composer, sometimes associated with the New Complexity school.	Richard Emsley	1951
date of birth	Per Cromwell, born 13 September 1974 in Malmö, Sweden is a Swedish ad-man, activist and inventor.	Per Cromwell	13 September 1974
date of birth	Paul Giambarba (born 1928) is an American graphic designer, cartoonist, writer and illustrator.	Paul Giambarba	1928
date of birth	Marcello Semeraro (born 22 December 1947) is a Roman Catholic prelate, Bishop of Albano, and secretary to the group of 8 cardinals named by Pope Francis to advise him.	Marcello Semeraro	22 December 1947
date of birth	Séamus Kennedy (born 26 June 1993) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.	Séamus Kennedy	26 June 1993
date of birth	Sir Alured Dumbell MLC (1835 - 1900) was Clerk of the Rolls of the Isle of Man and the most senior judge there.	Alured Dumbell	1835
date of birth	Fatma Abdullah Hilal, born in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on July 7, 1980, is a fashion photographer in the United Arab Emirates.	Fatma Abdullah	1980
date of birth	Diana Hayden (born 1 May 1973) is an Indian actress, model and beauty queen.	Diana Hayden	1 May 1973
date of birth	Mohammad Asif Mujtaba (Urdu: آصف مجتبیٰ, born 4 November 1967 in Karachi, Sindh) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 25 Tests and 66 ODIs from 1986 to 1997.	Asif Mujtaba	4 November 1967
date of birth	Sean Wei Mah (born 14 December 1976) is a Plains Cree First Nations actor and artist, who is sometimes credited as Sean Mah.	Sean Wei Mah	14 December 1976
date of birth	Igor Škamperle (born 21 November 1962) is a Slovenian sociologist, cultural theorist, novelist, essayist, mountaineer and translator.	Igor Škamperle	21 November 1962
date of birth	Reinout Oerlemans (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɛinɔut ˈuːrləmɑns); born 10 June 1971) is a Dutch soap opera actor, film director, television presenter and television producer.	Reinout Oerlemans	10 June 1971
date of birth	Iyseden Christie (born 14 November 1976 in Coventry) is an English footballer who plays for Bedworth United, where he plays as a striker.	Iyseden Christie	14 November 1976
date of birth	Knut Anders Fostervold (born 4 October 1971) is a former Norwegian footballer who now competes as a cyclist.	Knut Anders Fostervold	4 October 1971
date of birth	Karyn Turner (born 1946) is an American martial arts expert who has been variously known as ``The Queen of Kata'', ``First Lady of Kung Fu'', and ``The Mother of U.S. Kickboxing''.	Karyn Turner	1946
date of birth	Ian Ruff (born 1946) is an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic bronze medalist.	Ian Ruff	1946
date of birth	Mouna Chebbah (born 8 July 1982) is a Tunisian handballer who is part of the Tunisian national team.	Mouna Chebbah	8 July 1982
date of birth	Victoria Aihar (Montevideo, 19 April 1978), is a Uruguayan web designer, programmer and author.	Victoria Aihar	19 April 1978
date of birth	Malú Huacuja del Toro (born 1961) is a Mexican novelist´, playwright and screenwriter.	Malú Huacuja del Toro	1961
date of birth	José Ramón Cossío Díaz (born 26 December 1960) is a Mexican jurist and Associate Justice (ministro) of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation.	José Ramón Cossío	26 December 1960
date of birth	Kazuhiko Hosokawa (Japanese: 細川和彦, born 28 December 1970) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Kazuhiko Hosokawa	28 December 1970
date of birth	Valerie Pringle, CM (née Whittingham, born 5 September 1953) is a Canadian television host and journalist.	Valerie Pringle	5 September 1953
date of birth	Robert Hellen (born 1725, died 1793 in Donnybrook, Dublin) was an Irish politician, Solicitor-General, and judge of the Court of Common Pleas (Ireland).	Robert Hellen	1725
date of birth	Monika Brodka (born 7 February 1987) is a Polish singer, who rose to fame as the winner of the third season of Polish Pop Idol (Idol) in 2004.	Monika Brodka	7 February 1987
date of birth	Adolfo Baloncieri (Italian pronunciation: (aˈdolfo balkonˈtʃɛːri); 27 July 1897 -- 23 July 1986) was an Italian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.	Adolfo Baloncieri	27 July 1897
date of birth	Marte Gerhardsen (born 21 July 1972) is a Norwegian civil servant, politician and organizational leader.	Marte Gerhardsen	21 July 1972
date of birth	Rena Jones (born 1977) is an American musician, producer and audio engineer from Portland, Oregon.	Rena Jones	1977
date of birth	Adrien Kela (born 23 July 1991) is a New Caledonian middle distance athlete whose main event is the 800 metres.	Adrien Kela	23 July 1991
date of birth	Shaun Brooks (born 9 October 1962) is an English retired footballer who played in the Football League for Crystal Palace, Leyton Orient and Bournemouth.	Shaun Brooks	9 October 1962
date of birth	Mladen Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Младен Стојановић; 7 April 1896 -- 1 April 1942) was a Bosnian Serb physician who led a detachment of Yugoslav Partisans on and around Mount Kozara in northwestern Bosnia during World War II in Yugoslavia.	Mladen Stojanović	7 April 1896
date of birth	Jimmy Scalia (born 1960), is a record producer, the official archivist for the singer Bobby Darin's estate, a disc jockey, writer, and documentarian of American popular and rock music.	Jimmy Scalia	1960
date of birth	DJ Shalom, a.k.a. Catman, (born David Taieb in 1971), is a French musician and electronic music producer from Paris.	DJ Shalom	1971
date of birth	Jorge Luis Alonso (born April 1966) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois and former Illinois state judge.	Jorge Luis Alonso	April 1966
date of birth	Hugo Rodríguez Romero (born 30 December 1989), simply known as Hugo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a Midfielder#Defensive Midfielder.	Hugo Rodríguez Romero	30 December 1989
date of birth	William Knight Keeling (1807--1886) was a British (Victorian) artist, an illustrator of Walter Scott's novels and Shakespeare's plays, a founder member and the third President of the Manchester Academy of Fine Arts.	William Knight Keeling	1807
date of birth	Richard Perceval Graves (born 21 December 1945) is an English biographer, poet and lecturer.	Richard Perceval Graves	21 December 1945
date of birth	Stane Jagodič (born 15 June 1943) is a Slovenian free-lance painter, photographer, caricaturist, aphorist, and author.	Stane Jagodič	15 June 1943
date of birth	Caolan McAleer (born 19 August 1993) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for Kilbirnie Ladeside, on loan from Scottish League One side Airdrieonians, as a winger.	Caolan McAleer	19 August 1993
date of birth	Terence Hawkins (born 1956) is an American author of numerous short stories and two novels, American Neolithic, published by C&R Press, and The Rage of Achilles, a recounting of The Iliad in the form of a novel.	Terence Hawkins	1956
date of birth	Captain Samuel Albert White (20 December 1870 - 19 January 1954) was a wealthy Australian racehorse owner, soldier, explorer, conservationist and amateur ornithologist.	Samuel Albert White	20 December 1870
date of birth	O. Barlow Willmarth (1882-?), was the president of the Colorado Carnotite Company.	O. Barlow Willmarth	1882
date of birth	(Arthur) Stretton Reeve (11 June 1907 -- 27 January 1981) was Bishop of Lichfield from 1953 until 1974.	Stretton Reeve	11 June 1907
date of birth	Pascal Johanssen (* 1973 in Berlin) is a German gallery owner and founder of Direktorenhaus Berlin.	Pascal Johanssen	1973
date of birth	Kris Needs (born 2 July 1954) is a British journalist and author, known for writings on music from the 1970s onwards.	Kris Needs	2 July 1954
date of birth	Marco Antonio Blásquez Salinas (born 7 May 1963) is a Mexican politician and journalist affiliated to the PT. He currently serves as Senator of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California.	Marco Antonio Blásquez Salinas	7 May 1963
date of birth	Roy Richard Grinker (born 1961) is an American author and Professor of Anthropology, International Affairs, and Human Sciences at The George Washington University.	Roy Richard Grinker	1961
date of birth	Jean de Ferrières (1520--1586), Vidame de Chartres, Seigneur de Maligny, was an influential Huguenot in the French Wars of Religion in the 16th century.	Jean de Ferrières	1520
date of birth	Yuri Modin (born November 8, 1922) was the KGB controller for the ``Cambridge Five'' from 1944 to 1955, during which Donald Duart Maclean was said to have passed atomic secrets to the Soviets.	Yuri Modin	1922
date of birth	Peter Corlett (born 1944) is an Australian sculptor, known for his full-figure sculptures cast in bronze, especially his memorial works.	Peter Corlett	1944
date of birth	Geffrey Davis (born 1983) is an American poet and professor.	Geffrey Davis	1983
date of birth	Seth Lipsky (born in 1946) is the founder and editor of the New York Sun, an independent conservative daily in New York City that ceased its print edition on September 30, 2008.	Seth Lipsky	1946
date of birth	Yevgeniya Pecherina (Russian: Евгения Печерина; born 9 May 1989) is a Russian track and field athlete who specialises in the discus throw.	Yevgeniya Pecherina	9 May 1989
date of birth	Jasia Reichardt (born 1933) is a British art critic, curator, and writer.	Jasia Reichardt	1933
date of birth	Mark Bergin (born 28 April 1989) is an Irish hurler who is currently a substitute on the Kilkenny senior team.	Mark Bergin	28 April 1989
date of birth	Dr. Hemang Dixit (born 11 June 1937) is a prominent Nepalese educationalist and author.	Hemang Dixit	11 June 1937
date of birth	Antoine-Claude Fleury (1743-1822), a French historical and portrait painter, studied under Regnault, and exhibited at the Salon from 1795 to 1822.	Antoine-Claude Fleury	1743
date of birth	Samantha Claire Taylor MBE (born 25 September 1975) is a former cricketer who represented England more than 150 times between 1998 and 2011.	Claire Taylor	25 September 1975
date of birth	Micol Cattaneo (born 13 May 1982) is an Italian athlete who competes mainly in the 100 metres hurdles.	Micol Cattaneo	13 May 1982
date of birth	Manu Lanvin (born in 1974) is a French blues rock singer-songwriter, guitarist and producer.	Manu Lanvin	1974
date of birth	Jarlath Cloonan (born 1953 in Athenry, County Galway) former County Galway Senior Hurling Manager, 1994-96.	Jarlath Cloonan	1953
date of birth	Samuel Ayscough (1745--1804) was a librarian and indexer, known as 'The Prince of Indexers'.	Samuel Ayscough	1745
date of birth	Andy Dalby (born Andrew Kenneth Dalby, 8 December 1948, Gainsborough, Lincolnshire) is an English rock guitarist, who was largely active in the 1970s and early 1980s.	Andy Dalby	8 December 1948
date of birth	Vishwa Gopal Jhingran (1919-1991) was an Indian zoologist and aquaculture scientist, known for the introduction of a composite fish culture technique by name, aquaplosion.	Vishwa Gopal Jhingran	1919
date of birth	Giuseppe Ravano (born 5 February 1943) is an Italian equestrian and Olympic champion.	Giuseppe Ravano	5 February 1943
date of birth	Oleksandr Mykolayovych Bondarenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Миколайович Бондаренко; Russian: Александр Николаевич Бондаренко; born 29 June 1966 in Zaporizhia) is a retired Ukrainian football player who played in Hungary for BVSC Budapest.	Oleksandr Mykolayovych Bondarenko	29 June 1966
date of birth	Catherine Miller (born 1992) is a Trinidadian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Trinidad and Tobago 2013 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant but Unplaced.	Catherine Miller	1992
date of birth	Xhevdet Muriqi (Serbian: Dževdet Murići) (born 4 March 1963) is a former Kosovar Albanian footballer who is best known for his time with KF Prishtina during the 1980s as part of the ``Golden Generation''.	Xhevdet Muriqi	4 March 1963
date of birth	Gu Xiao (Chinese: 顾笑, born 18 March 1993 in Nanjing) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Gu Xiao	18 March 1993
date of birth	Berry Bickle (born 1959) is a Zimbabwean artist who resides in Maputo.	Berry Bickle	1959
date of birth	Jonas Haas (1720--April 10, 1775) was a German-born Danish engraver.	Jonas Haas	1720
date of birth	William R. Tonso (born 1933) is a professor emeritus of sociology at the University of Evansville.	William R. Tonso	1933
date of birth	Muzaffer Tekin (28 October 1950 in Çankırı -- 1 April 2015) is a former member of Turkey's Special Warfare Department, and a suspect in the Ergenekon trials as well as the Turkish Council of State shooting.	Muzaffer Tekin	28 October 1950
date of birth	Hayden Murphy (born 1945) is an Irish editor and poet.	Hayden Murphy	1945
date of birth	Ahmed Ali Kamel (Arabic: أحمد علي كامل‎) (born on 21 May 1986) is an Egyptian football striker.	Ahmed Ali Kamel	21 May 1986
date of birth	Abdallah Said (Arabic: عبد الله السعيد; born 13 July 1985) is an Egyptian footballer.	Abdallah Said	13 July 1985
date of birth	Despina Papamichail (Greek: Δέσποινα Παπαμιχαήλ; born 9 February 1993 in Preveza) is a Greek professional tennis player.	Despina Papamichail	9 February 1993
date of birth	Brian Conley (born 7 August 1961) is an English comedian, television presenter, singer and actor.	Brian Conley	7 August 1961
date of birth	Harry B. Luthi, Sr. (born 1933), is a retired businessman who served briefly as the 32nd mayor of Greenville, South Carolina.	Harry B. Luthi	1933
date of birth	Robin Dutt (German pronunciation: (ʀoːbiːn dʊt); born 24 January 1965) is a retired German football player, manager and currently board representative for sport of VfB Stuttgart.	Robin Dutt	24 January 1965
date of birth	Poe Ballantine (born 1955 in Denver, Colorado) is a fiction and nonfiction writer known for his novels and especially his essays, many of which appear in The Sun. His second novel, Decline of the Lawrence Welk Empire, won Foreword Magazine's Book of the Year.	Poe Ballantine	1955
date of birth	Michał Abramowicz (1884 -- 1965) was an Azerbaijani-Soviet geologist of Polish origin.	Michał Abramowicz	1884
date of birth	Matías Díaz (born in Mendoza, 16 March 1993) is an Argentina rugby union player who plays mostly in the Tight head prop position.	Matías Díaz	16 March 1993
date of birth	Erasmus Stourton (1603, Narborough, Leicestershire, England -- November 1658, Walesby, Lincolnshire, England) was a clergyman and early settler to the Colony of Avalon, Newfoundland in 1627.	Erasmus Stourton	1603
date of birth	Robert Rubčić (born 2 November 1963) is a former Croatian footballer and current head coach of NK Istra 1961 in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Robert Rubčić	2 November 1963
date of birth	Rhea Seehorn (born May 12, 1972) is an American actress who plays Kim Wexler in the Breaking Bad prequel, Better Call Saul.	Rhea Seehorn	1972
date of birth	Pia Giancaro (born 12 March 1950) is an Italian former actress and television personality.	Pia Giancaro	12 March 1950
date of birth	Barry Dudleston (born 16 July 1945) is a former first-class cricketer and umpire.	Barry Dudleston	16 July 1945
date of birth	Bagatur or Bater (simplified Chinese: 巴特尔; traditional Chinese: 巴特爾; pinyin: Bātè'ěr; born February 1955) is a Chinese politician of Mongol ancestry.	Bagatur	1955
date of birth	Eggert Pálsson (born 1960) is a percussionist with the Icelandic Symphony Orchestra.	Eggert Pálsson	1960
date of birth	Tan Sri Dato' Sri Ong Tee Keat (simplified Chinese: 翁诗杰; traditional Chinese: 翁詩傑; pinyin: Wēng Shī Jié; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ong Si-kia̍t; born 22 November 1956) is a Malaysian politician.	Ong Tee Keat	22 November 1956
date of birth	Claudio Mattone (born 28 February 1943) is an Italian composer, lyricist and music producer.	Claudio Mattone	28 February 1943
date of birth	Peter Drury (born 1968) is a football commentator, formerly with ITV Sport as their number two football commentator, a role he had held since joining the network in 1998.	Peter Drury	1968
date of birth	Padraig Dully (born 20 April 1965) is a retired Irish footballer who played during the 1980s and 1990s.	Padraig Dully	20 April 1965
date of birth	Faruk Halilbegović (born 7 September 1987 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a handball left back who plays for Polish club Zagłębie Lubin.	Faruk Halilbegović	7 September 1987
date of birth	Sijoy Varghese (born 6 March 1971) is a popular Indian Ad film director/producer, event director, screenwriter and actor.	Sijoy Varghese	6 March 1971
date of birth	Samuel Adams Darcy (born Samuel Dardeck , 1905 - November 8, 2005) was a prominent Communist leader in both New York and California.	Samuel Adams Darcy	1905
date of birth	Jan Hartl (born 12 September 1952) is a Czech actor who played Karel Horák in the 2000 Czech film Little Otik, also known as Otesánek.	Jan Hartl	12 September 1952
date of birth	Yitzhak Hen (born 1963) is Anna and Sam Lopin Professor of History at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (Israel).	Yitzhak Hen	1963
date of birth	Marko Maletić (born 25 October 1993) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Telstar, on loan from Excelsior.	Marko Maletić	25 October 1993
date of birth	Oswaldo Fumeiro Alvarez, more commonly known as Vadão (born 21 August 1956) is a Brazililan football manager.	Vadão	21 August 1956
date of birth	Jack Waller (born 28 November 1989 in Blackpool, Lancashire, England) is a British water polo player.	Jack Waller	1989
date of birth	Rudolf Gleißner, usually transcribed as Rudolf Gleissner, (born March 17, 1942 at Nürnberg) is a German cellist.	Rudolf Gleißner	1942
date of birth	Fotis Georgiou (Greek: Φώτης Γεωργίου; born 19 July 1985) is a Greek football player who plays as a Midfielder for Kalloni of the Greek Superleague.	Fotis Georgiou	19 July 1985
date of birth	Qian Liren (born August 1924) (simplified Chinese: 钱李仁; traditional Chinese: 錢李仁; pinyin: Qián Lǐrén) is a Chinese politician, diplomat, and translator.	Qian Liren	1924
date of birth	Hossam Haick is an Israeli-Arab scientist and engineer, born in 1975.	Hossam Haick	1975
date of birth	Jett Blakk (Born in 1960) is an American Award-winning film director of gay pornography.	Jett Blakk	1960
date of birth	Torrens Knight (born 4 August 1969) is a Northern Ireland loyalist, who belonged to the North Antrim and Londonderry Brigade of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA).	Torrens Knight	4 August 1969
date of birth	Lisa Victoria Redwood (born 24 February 1973) is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Sheryl Hughes in the long-running Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm on S4C.	Lisa Victoria	24 February 1973
date of birth	Andy Silvester (born 16 June 1947, Kidderminster, Worcestershire, England) is a British bassist and multi-instrumentalist.	Andy Silvester	16 June 1947
date of birth	Dominic Schram, sometimes spelled Schramm (24 October 1722 - 21 September 1797) was a German Benedictine theologian and canonist.	Dominic Schram	24 October 1722
date of birth	Stephen Shiu (Chinese: 蕭若元; pinyin: Xiāo Ruòyuán; Jyutping: siu1 joek6 jyun4, born 22 July 1949) is a Hong Kong-based journalist, businessman, screenwriter, presenter, and pundit.	Stephen Shiu	1949
date of birth	Jan van den Dobbelsteen (born 28 September 1954, Waalre) is an interdisciplinary Dutch artist who teaches at Academy St. Joost in Breda and lives and works in Eindhoven.	Jan van den Dobbelsteen	28 September 1954
date of birth	Markus Mehr (born 1965 in Augsburg, Bavaria) is a German electronic music composer and sound artist.	Markus Mehr	1965
date of birth	Trevor Harley was born in 1958 in London and grew up near Southampton.	Trevor Harley	1958
date of birth	Naren Hua (born 17 November 1962) is a Chinese film and television actress of Mongolian ethnicity.	Naren Hua	17 November 1962
date of birth	Carlos Eddé (Arabic: كارلوس إدة‎)(born in 1956), is a Lebanese politician.	Carlos Eddé	1956
date of birth	Aliki Stergiadu (born 5 October 1972) is a former competitive ice dancer.	Aliki Stergiadu	5 October 1972
date of birth	Charles Chorley (1810?--1874) was an English journalist and man of letters.	Charles Chorley	1810
date of birth	Ray Bandar (born 1928) is a scientist, researcher, teacher, naturalist, and artist living in the San Francisco, California area.	Ray Bandar	1928
date of birth	Fujiwara no Nobunaga (藤原 信長; 1022--1094), third son of Norimichi, was a kugyo (Japanese noble) of the Heian period.	Fujiwara no Nobunaga	1022
date of birth	James Glassford (1771 -- 1845) was a Scottish legal writer and traveller.	James Glassford	1771
date of birth	McLean Edwards (born 1972, in Darwin) is an Australian painter who currently lives and works in Sydney, New South Wales.	McLean Edwards	1972
date of birth	Lino Gallardo (1773--1837) was a Venezuelan composer, conductor, and string player, and was among the musicians who participated in and contributed to the Wars of Independence.	Lino Gallardo	1773
date of birth	Festus Keyamo (born 21 January 1970) is a Nigerian lawyer, socialist, critic, columnist and human right activist.	Festus Keyamo	1970
date of birth	Catriona Shearer (born 1981) is a Scottish journalist, broadcaster and producer, best known as a presenter for BBC Scotland's national news programme.	Catriona Shearer	1981
date of birth	Dr. Devdutt Pattanaik (born 11 December 1970) is an Indian physician turned leadership consultant, mythologist and author whose works focus largely on the areas of myth, mythology, and also management.	Devdutt Pattanaik	11 December 1970
date of birth	Almond Richards (3 April 1911 -- 27 November 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Almond Richards	3 April 1911
date of birth	Sylke Otto (born 7 July 1969 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a former German luger who competed from 1991 to 2007.	Sylke Otto	7 July 1969
date of birth	Dr. Judith Esser-Mittag (born 1921), commonly known as Dr. Judith Esser, is a German gynecologist.	Judith Esser-Mittag	1921
date of birth	Volodymyr Lukashenko (Ukrainian: Володимир Лукашенко; often Vladimir as in Russian, born 14 February 1980) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer.	Volodymyr Lukashenko	14 February 1980
date of birth	Tom Huck (born 1971) is an American printmaker best known for his large-scale satirical woodcuts.	Tom Huck	1971
date of birth	Eduard Stehlík (born 30 March 1965) is a Czech historian and writer, and Vice Director at the Institute for Military History in Prague.	Eduard Stehlík	30 March 1965
date of birth	Simon-Pierre Mpadi (1909--1950s) was a follower of Simon Kimbangu who later established his own Messianic Christian-inspired Religious group in Congo.	Simon-Pierre Mpadi	1909
date of birth	Royston Maldoom, OBE (born 1943 in Harrow, London) is a British choreographer whose works, including Adagietto and Ursprung, have been performed for various dance companies, such as The Jefferson Dancers and Dance Theatre of Harlem.	Royston Maldoom	1943
date of birth	Jon Weber (born 1961, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a New York City- and Chicago-based jazz pianist and composer whose compositions and performances have met critical and popular acclaim in many countries around the world.	Jon Weber	1961
date of birth	Michael Wayne Anthony Ebanks (born 2 October 1964), known as Wayne Ebanks, is an English former footballer who played at right-back for West Bromwich Albion, Stoke City, Port Vale and Cambridge United between 1981 and 1987.	Wayne Ebanks	2 October 1964
date of birth	Jason Herbert (also known as Jason John), (born March 18, 1967 in Coventry, England), is a former band member of the boy band Big Fun (1989--90).	Jason Herbert	1967
date of birth	Roberto Calvi (13 April 1920 -- 17 June 1982) was an Italian banker dubbed ``God's Banker'' (Italian: Banchiere di Dio) by the press because of his close association with the Holy See.	Roberto Calvi	13 April 1920
date of birth	John Laverty (born 6 July 1982) is a former Northern Irish motorcycle racer from Toomebridge, Northern Ireland .	John Laverty	6 July 1982
date of birth	Aldo Righi (born 29 July 1947) is a retired Italian pole vaulter who won a bronze medal at the 1969 European Athletics Championships.	Aldo Righi	29 July 1947
date of birth	Dilwar Hussain (born 24 December 1971) is a British academic and independent consultant working on social policy, Muslim identity and Islamic reform in the modern world.	Dilwar Hussain	1971
date of birth	Anita Carey (born 16 April 1948) is an English actress, best known for playing Joyce Smedley in Coronation Street and more recently for playing Vivien March in Doctors.	Anita Carey	16 April 1948
date of birth	David Bedzhanyan (Armenian: Դավիթ Իսահակի Բեջանյան; Russian: Дави́д Иса́кович Беджаня́н, born 6 September 1988) is an Armenian-Russian weightlifter.	David Bedzhanyan	6 September 1988
date of birth	Abdul Ghani Malik (born on 25 May 1972) is a former Malaysian footballer.	Abdul Ghani Malik	25 May 1972
date of birth	G. Roger Denson (born 1956) is an American journalist, art critic, theoretician, novelist and curator.	G. Roger Denson	1956
date of birth	Ankur Vasishta (born 27 February 1982), also known as Ankur Sharma, is a Hong Kong cricketer.	Ankur Vasishta	27 February 1982
date of birth	Christopher M. Still (born 1961) is a painter of Florida's wildlife, people and landscapes.	Christopher M. Still	1961
date of birth	Carol Downer (born 1933) is an American feminist lawyer and non-fiction author who has focused her career on abortion rights and women's health around the world.	Carol Downer	1933
date of birth	Daniele Masala (born 12 February 1955) is an Italian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion.	Daniele Masala	12 February 1955
date of birth	Bill Travis (born 1957) is an American photographer known for his athmospheric landscapes and experimentation with alternative photographic techniques.	Bill Travis	1957
date of birth	Nicolò Grassi (7 April 1682 -- 6 October 1748), also known as Nicola Grassi, was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque or Rococo style.	Nicolò Grassi	7 April 1682
date of birth	Thodoris Dritsas (Greek: Θοδωρής Δρίτσας; born 23 August 1947) is a Greek Syriza politician who has served as the Minister of Shipping and Island Policy in the Second Tsipras Cabinet since September 2015.	Thodoris Dritsas	1947
date of birth	Marsha Waggoner (born 11 January 1940 in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia) is an American professional poker player who lives in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Marsha Waggoner	11 January 1940
date of birth	Peter Traub (born 1974 in South Africa) is an American composer of electronic and acoustic music and sound installations.	Peter Traub	1974
date of birth	Zoran Thaler (born 21 January 1962 ) is a Slovenian politician and businessman.	Zoran Thaler	21 January 1962
date of birth	Chauncey Hugh Stigand (1877--1919) was a British army officer, colonial administrator and big game hunter.	Chauncey Hugh Stigand	1877
date of birth	Matheus Isaías dos Santos, simply known as Matheus or Jussa (born 22 March 1996), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vasco.	Matheus Isaías dos Santos	22 March 1996
date of birth	Alfred Gard (1876 -- after 1900) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath.	Alfred Gard	1876
date of birth	Andreas Krause Landt (born 1963), also known as Andreas Lombard, is a German journalist and publisher, and the author of popular history books.	Andreas Krause Landt	1963
date of birth	Clay Forau Soalaoi, more commonly referred to as Clay Forau, (born 10 October 1976) is a Solomon Islands politician.	Clay Forau Soalaoi	10 October 1976
date of birth	Mehrab Fatemi (Persian: محراب فاطمی) (born 1975) is an Iranian strongman and powerlifter.	Mehrab Fatemi	1975
date of birth	Charles Fyshe Roberts C.M.G., (20 August 1837 -- 9 September 1914), was Under-Secretary of Defence in colonial New South Wales.	Charles Fyshe Roberts	20 August 1837
date of birth	Bobby Reiss (born 30 September 1990) is a retired American professional soccer player.	Bobby Reiss	30 September 1990
date of birth	Robert Poulet (4 September 1893 -- 6 October 1989) was a Belgian writer, literary critic and journalist.	Robert Poulet	4 September 1893
date of birth	Nancy Lublin (born 1971) is the CEO of Crisis Text Line and was the creator of Dress for Success.	Nancy Lublin	1971
date of birth	Miroslav Vajs or Miroslav Weiss (Macedonian: Мирослав Вајс) (born 27 July 1979) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia.	Miroslav Vajs	27 July 1979
date of birth	Karl Aage Præst, also spelled Carl Aage Præst, (26 February 1922 -- 19 November 2011) was a Danish football player.	Karl Aage Præst	26 February 1922
date of birth	Jacopo del Casentino (c. 1297 -- 1358) was an Italian painter called Jacopo Landino or da Prato Vecchio, active mainly in Tuscany.	Jacopo del Casentino	1297
date of birth	Alain de Royer-Dupré (born 24 September 1944) is a leading French thoroughbred racehorse trainer.	Alain de Royer-Dupré	24 September 1944
date of birth	Ged Quinn (born 1963, Liverpool) is an English artist and musician.	Ged Quinn	1963
date of birth	Alexander Wurz (born 15 February 1974) is an Austrian retired professional racing driver, driver training expert and businessman.	Alexander Wurz	15 February 1974
date of birth	Koray Aydın (born 5 December 1955) is a Turkish politician who has served as the Deputy Speaker of the Grand National Assembly since 9 July 2015.	Koray Aydın	5 December 1955
date of birth	Ballard F. Smith (born 1946) is a former President of the San Diego Padres major league baseball franchise.	Ballard F. Smith	1946
date of birth	Radjin de Haan (born 12 August 1969) is a retired Dutch-Surinamese footballer and currently is a football manager.	Radjin de Haan	12 August 1969
date of birth	Valen Low (Chinese: 卢威麟; pinyin: Lú Wēi Lín; born 14 January 1994) is a Singaporean professional armwrestler.	Valen Low	14 January 1994
date of birth	Halid Bešlić (pronounced (xǎːlid bɛ̂ʃlitɕ); born 20 November 1953) is a prominent Bosnian pop-folk and sevdah musician and singer who has been performing since 1979.	Halid Bešlić	20 November 1953
date of birth	Ali Doustimehr (Persian: علی دوستی‌مهر, born 23 July 1965) is an Iranian football coach.	Ali Doustimehr	23 July 1965
date of birth	Valentijn Overeem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvaːləntɛin ˈoːvəreːm); born 17 August 1976) is a Dutch professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently signed with United Glory.	Valentijn Overeem	17 August 1976
date of birth	Leutnant Heinrich Arntzen (born 11 September 1894 - ?) was a World War I flying ace credited with eleven aerial victories.	Heinrich Arntzen	11 September 1894
date of birth	Ole Knudsen Tvedten (1757 or 1758 -- 5 October 1837) was a Norwegian farmer and district sheriff.	Ole Knudsen Tvedten	1758
date of birth	Jonathan Hey (born 1979) is an expert in connecting the abstract concepts of knowledge management with other levels of experiences like language and sensual interaction with the physical world, thus providing not only better understanding of these concepts but key elements of their more precise definition as well.	Jonathan Hey	1979
date of birth	Reginald Wood (7 March 1860 in Woodchurch, Cheshire, England -- 6 January 1915 in Manly, New South Wales, Australia) had one of the oddest Test cricket careers, with only Joseph McMaster laying claim to a more unusual one.	Reginald Wood	7 March 1860
date of birth	Djamel Abdoun (born 14 February 1986) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for Veria as a winger.	Djamel Abdoun	14 February 1986
date of birth	Taran Kaur Dhillon (born 29 July 1979), known by her stage name Hard Kaur, is a British Indian rapper and hip hop singer; as well as playback singer and actress in Bollywood.	Hard Kaur	29 July 1979
date of birth	Sahar Biniaz (born 1986) is an Iranian-Canadian actress, model and beauty queen who won Miss Universe Canada 2012 but was replaced by Adwoa Yamoah at the Miss Universe 2012 pageant	Sahar Biniaz	1986
date of birth	Roderic Barrett was born on 8 January 1920 in Colchester into a radically non-conformist family.	Roderic Barrett	8 January 1920
date of birth	Alec Evans (born 1939), is an Australian former rugby player and coach, known as Alex Evans in the United Kingdom.	Alec Evans	1939
date of birth	Harry Hills (28 September 1886, date of death unknown) was an English cricketer.	Harry Hills	28 September 1886
date of birth	Elizabeth Heyert (New York City, 1951) is an American photographer and author.	Elizabeth Heyert	1951
date of birth	Justus von Dohnányi (born 2 December 1960) is a German actor, best known for portraying Wilhelm Burgdorf in 2004 film Der Untergang.	Justus von Dohnányi	2 December 1960
date of birth	Richard A. Cohen (born 1952) is an author, and promoter of conversion therapy.	Richard A. Cohen	1952
date of birth	Giannis Stathis (Greek: Γιάννης Στάθης; born 20 May 1987) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Levadiakos.	Giannis Stathis	20 May 1987
date of birth	Sir William Mitchell Banks (1842--1904) FRCS was a Scottish surgeon.	William Mitchell Banks	1842
date of birth	Stephen Joseph McGroarty (1830 -- January 2, 1870) was an Irish American soldier who served in the Union Army during the American Civil War..	Stephen Joseph McGroarty	1830
date of birth	Samuel Lloyd Noble, known as Lloyd Noble (30 November 1896 in Ardmore, Oklahoma -- 14 February 1950 in Houston, Texas), was an oilman and philanthropist, founder of the Noble Corporation and the The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation.	Samuel Lloyd Noble	30 November 1896
date of birth	Paschalis Melissas (Greek: Πασχάλης Μελισσάς; born 9 March 1982) is a footballer who last played for AE Larissa.	Paschalis Melissas	9 March 1982
date of birth	Scotty Robert Olson (born 26 February 1968), known as Scotty Olson, and nicknamed Bulldog is a Canadian former flyweight boxer.	Scotty Olson	26 February 1968
date of birth	Dragan Stojkov (Macedonian: Драган Стојков, born on 23 February 1988) is a Macedonian professional footballer playing for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League.	Dragan Stojkov	23 February 1988
date of birth	Shaun MacGowan (born 1988) is a UK-born violinist, keyboardist and guitarist, best known as the keyboardist and violinist of British doom metal band My Dying Bride.	Shaun MacGowan	1988
date of birth	Dr. Li-Chen Wang (born 1935) is an American computer engineer, best known for his Palo Alto Tiny BASIC for Intel 8080-based microcomputers.	Li-Chen Wang	1935
date of birth	Ben Ehrenreich (born 1972) is an American freelance journalist and novelist who lives in Los Angeles.	Ben Ehrenreich	1972
date of birth	Andrew Cunningham Scott (born 16 February 1952) is a British geologist, and professor emeritus at Royal Holloway University of London.	Andrew Cunningham Scott	16 February 1952
date of birth	Josiah Harlan, Prince of Ghor (12 June 1799 − 1871) was an American adventurer, best known for travelling to Afghanistan and Punjab with the intention of making himself a king.	Josiah Harlan	12 June 1799
date of birth	James Yearsley (1805--1869), aural surgeon, was born in 1805 to a north-country family settled in Cheltenham.	James Yearsley	1805
date of birth	Alexander Blevins (born 1901, date of death unknown) was a policeman and Ulster Unionist politician.	Alexander Blevins	1901
date of birth	Alassane Diago (born 31 March 1985) is a Senegalese movie maker.	Alassane Diago	31 March 1985
date of birth	Sudarshan Agarwal (born 19 June 1931) is the former Governor of Uttarakhand and Sikkim from October 2007 to July 2008.	Sudarshan Agarwal	19 June 1931
date of birth	Richard Friese (15 December 1854 -- 29 June 1918) was a German animal and landscape painter.	Richard Friese	15 December 1854
date of birth	Simon Whitlock (born 3 March 1969) is an Australian professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments, having also played in the British Darts Organisation between 2004-2009.	Simon Whitlock	3 March 1969
date of birth	Franco Balmamion (born 11 January 1940), is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1960 and 1972.	Franco Balmamion	11 January 1940
date of birth	Bohuslav Balcar (Czech pronunciation: (ˈboɦuslaf ˈbaltsar); born 1943) is a Czech mathematician.	Bohuslav Balcar	1943
date of birth	Wade Allison (born 1941) is Emeritus Professor of Physics and Fellow of Keble College at Oxford University.	Wade Allison	1941
date of birth	John Verran (9 July 1856 -- 7 June 1932) was the 26th Premier of South Australia from 1910 to 1912 and a senator for South Australia from August 1927 to November 1928, representing the South Australian United Labor Party.	John Verran	9 July 1856
date of birth	Günter Morge (13 August 1925 in Leipzig -- 21 January 1984) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera.	Günter Morge	13 August 1925
date of birth	Guido Van Oevelen (born 6 January 1950) was appointed as President of Caritas Catholica Flanders on 24 January 2008, he succeeded Willy Geysen.	Guido Van Oevelen	6 January 1950
date of birth	Mirjana Lazarova Trajkovska (born 11 May 1963) is a Macedonian judge born in Strumica, Macedonia, and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Macedonia.	Mirjana Lazarova Trajkovska	11 May 1963
date of birth	Siva Shankar Baba (Tamil: சிவ சங்கர் பாபா) (born 28 January 1949), also known as Bābā, is a spiritual leader from Tamil Nadu, India.	Siva Shankar Baba	28 January 1949
date of birth	Gretchen Baer (born 1963, Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts) is a noted American painter and performance artist living in Bisbee, Arizona.	Gretchen Baer	1963
date of birth	Baldrick Buckle (born 1972) is a British-born artist and sculptor.	Baldrick Buckle	1972
date of birth	Admiral John Rogers Anderson, CMM CD (born 9 September 1941) is a retired Canadian Forces officer and civil servant.	John Rogers Anderson	9 September 1941
date of birth	Markus Ringberg (born 5 May 1976) is a Swedish football player who currently are player-coach for Mysen	Markus Ringberg	5 May 1976
date of birth	Dr. Taras Kuzio (born 1958 in Halifax, West Yorkshire, UK) is an academic and expert in Ukrainian political, economic and security affairs.	Taras Kuzio	1958
date of birth	Tim Kendall (born 1970) is an English poet, editor and critic.	Tim Kendall	1970
date of birth	Valentin Mihov (Bulgarian: Валентин Михов) (born on 18 January 1954 in Sofia) is a former Bulgarian football player and administrator.	Valentin Mihov	18 January 1954
date of birth	Aththachchi Nuwan Pradeep Roshan Fernando (born 19 October 1986), commonly known as Nuwan Pradeep, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who is playing for Tests and ODIs.	Nuwan Pradeep	19 October 1986
date of birth	Isabelle Amyes (born 13 June 1950) is an English actress best known for her role as Barbara Hunt in the British TV drama Bad Girls from 2000-2003.	Isabelle Amyes	13 June 1950
date of birth	Maria Takolander, born in Melbourne in 1973, is an Australian writer.	Maria Takolander	1973
date of birth	George Harcourt Vanden-Bampde-Johnstone, 3rd Baron Derwent (22 October 1899 -- 13 January 1949), was a British author, diplomat and Liberal politician.	George Harcourt Vanden-Bampde-Johnstone, 3rd Baron Derwent	22 October 1899
date of birth	John Proby, 1st Baron Carysfort KB PC (25 November 1720 -- 18 October 1772) was a British Whig politician.	John Proby, 1st Baron Carysfort	25 November 1720
date of birth	Patricia Santana (born 1955 San Diego) is a Latina American novelist.	Patricia Santana	1955
date of birth	Asin Thottumkal (born 26 October 1985), known mononymously as Asin, is an Indian actress and trained Bharathanatyam dancer.	Asin	26 October 1985
date of birth	Ladjie Soukouna (born 15 December 1990) is a French footballer who can play in defence and midfield.	Ladjie Soukouna	15 December 1990
date of birth	Bruno Vallespir (born 1960) is a French engineer, and Professor of Enterprise Modelling at the University of Bordeaux, working in the fields of production management, performance evaluation and enterprise modeling.	Bruno Vallespir	1960
date of birth	Kjersti Ericsson (born 18 January 1944 in Oslo) is a Norwegian psychologist, criminologist, writer, poet and former politician.	Kjersti Ericsson	18 January 1944
date of birth	David Mutinda Mutua (born 20 April 1992) is an Kenyan middle distance runner who specialises in the 800 metres.	David Mutinda Mutua	20 April 1992
date of birth	Dragoslav Račić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгослав Рачић; 1905--1945) was a Serbian military commander holding the rank of Colonel during World War II.	Dragoslav Račić	1905
date of birth	David Waltner-Toews (born 1948) is a Canadian epidemiologist, essayist, poet, fiction writer, veterinarian, and a specialist in the epidemiology of food and waterborne diseases, zoonoses and ecosystem health.	David Waltner-Toews	1948
date of birth	On April 27, 1892, Gottlieb Charles Wachter married Annie Clotier Robidou (1866-1941).	Charles Wachter	1866
date of birth	Patrick Stübing (born 1977 in Leipzig, East Germany) is a German locksmith who has been in an relationship with his biological sister, Susan Karolewski, since 2001.	Patrick Stübing	1977
date of birth	Michel Bénard (c. 1713 -- ?) was a councillor of the Conseil Supérieur of New France.	Michel Bénard	1713
date of birth	Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria (6 July 1872 -- 10 June 1954) was a daughter of the last King of Bavaria, Ludwig III, and his wife, Maria Theresia of Austria-Este.	Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria	6 July 1872
date of birth	Pavel Markov (1897--1980) was a Russian theatre critic, literary manager, and teacher.	Pavel Markov	1897
date of birth	José Riço Direitinho (born Lisbon, 1965) is a Portuguese writer and literary critic.	José Riço Direitinho	1965
date of birth	Kurtdereli Mehmet Pehlivan (1864 in Bukurovo village near Tırnova -- April 11, 1939 in Kurtdere village near Balıkesir) was a wrestler.	Kurtdereli Mehmet	1864
date of birth	İbrahim Ayhan (born 10 February 1968) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin who has been a Member of Parliament for his hometown of Şanlıurfa since 12 June 2011.	İbrahim Ayhan	10 February 1968
date of birth	Leinil Francis Yu (born July 31, 1977) is a Filipino comic book artist, who began working for the American market through Wildstorm Productions.	Leinil Francis Yu	1977
date of birth	Kees Torn (born 1967 in Oostburg) is a Dutch text writer and comedy performer.	Kees Torn	1967
date of birth	Chris Steinmetz (born 1966) is a record producer and engineer living in Chicago.	Chris Steinmetz	1966
date of birth	Ziyah Vastani (born 8 December 2003) is an Indian bollywood and television child actress.	Ziyah Vastani	8 December 2003
date of birth	Povilas Lukšys (born 7 July 1979) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays for the Lithuanian 1 Lyga club Utenis Utena as a striker.	Povilas Lukšys	7 July 1979
date of birth	Gérald Bloncourt (born 1926), also known as Gérard Bloncourt, is a Haitian painter and photographer resident in the suburbs of Paris, France.	Gérald Bloncourt	1926
date of birth	Wannes Van Laer (Ostend, 5 March 1985) is a professional Belgian sailor.	Wannes Van Laer	5 March 1985
date of birth	Frank Bridge (26 February 1879 -- 10 January 1941) was an English composer, violist and conductor.	Frank Bridge	26 February 1879
date of birth	Gillian Chan (born 1954) is a Canadian children's author who lives in Dundas, Ontario.	Gillian Chan	1954
date of birth	Lachy Hulme (born 1 April 1971) is an Australian-born actor and screenwriter.	Lachy Hulme	1 April 1971
date of birth	Vicente Zarzo Pitarch (born 6 May 1938) is a Spanish horn player who has played as a soloist in several European and North American orchestras.	Vicente Zarzo Pitarch	6 May 1938
date of birth	Michelle Engelsman (born 9 December 1979) is an Australian former competition swimmer who specialised in sprint freestyle events.	Michelle Engelsman	9 December 1979
date of birth	Bohumir Kryl (originally Bohumír Kryl, and sometimes spelled in the United States as Bohumil) was born in Hořice, Bohemia, near Prague, on 2 May 1875.	Bohumir Kryl	2 May 1875
date of birth	Panagis Vourloumis (Greek: Παναγής Βουρλούμης; 1867--1950) was a Greek politician, lawyer, economist and a finance minister.	Panagis Vourloumis	1867
date of birth	Frank R. Wallace (1932--2006), born Wallace Ward, was an American author, publisher and mail-order magnate.	Frank R. Wallace	1932
date of birth	Baron Cajetan von Felder (German: Cajetan Freiherr von Felder; 19 September 1814 -- 30 November 1894) was an Austrian lawyer, entomologist and liberal politician.	Baron Cajetan von Felder	19 September 1814
date of birth	John Jorritsma (born 1956 in Bolsward) is the King's Commissioner of the Dutch province of Friesland.	John Jorritsma	1956
date of birth	Frank Bartolillo (born 22 December 1981) is a profoundly deaf Australian fencer.	Frank Bartolillo	22 December 1981
date of birth	Ingo Euler (born 27 November 1971 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German rower.	Ingo Euler	27 November 1971
date of birth	William George MacCallum (18 April 1874 -- 3 February 1944) was a Canadian-American physician and pathologist.	William George MacCallum	18 April 1874
date of birth	Paola Suárez (born 23 June 1976) is a retired professional tennis player.	Paola Suárez	23 June 1976
date of birth	Aage Oxenvad was born in the little village of Gettrup, near Thisted in the north of Jutland on 16 January 1884.	Aage Oxenvad	16 January 1884
date of birth	Frozan Fana (born 1969) was a candidate in the Afghan presidential election, 2009.	Frozan Fana	1969
date of birth	Shu Lea Cheang (born 1954, Taiwan) is a multimedia artist who works in the fields of net-based installation, social interface and film production.	Shu Lea Cheang	1954
date of birth	Lazar Lemić (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Лемић, born 20 September 1937) is a former football player.	Lazar Lemić	20 September 1937
date of birth	Wesley Lautoa (born 25 August 1987 in Epernay) is a French footballer native of Wallis-et-Futuna.	Wesley Lautoa	25 August 1987
date of birth	Ferdinando Fairfax, 2nd Lord Fairfax of Cameron (29 March 1584 -- 14 March 1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1648.	Ferdinando Fairfax, 2nd Lord Fairfax of Cameron	29 March 1584
date of birth	L. Hunter Lovins (née Sheldon, born 1950) is an author and a promoter of sustainable development for over 30 years, is president of Natural Capitalism Solutions, a 501(c)3 non-profit in Longmont, Colorado and the Chief Insurgent of the Madrone Project.	Hunter Lovins	1950
date of birth	Robert Barbour Johnson (1907--1987) was an artist and writer of weird fiction, whose stories were admired by H.P. Lovecraft.	Robert Barbour Johnson	1907
date of birth	Denny Zeitlin (born 10 April 1938, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American jazz pianist and composer, and a clinical professor of psychiatry at University of California, San Francisco.	Denny Zeitlin	10 April 1938
date of birth	Salvatore Giannone (born 24 July 1936) is a retired Italian sprinter.	Salvatore Giannone	24 July 1936
date of birth	Chris Langdon (born 1952) is a Los Angeles-based artist who produced a large body of work in many media, including painting, sculpture, graphics, assemblage, photography, film, and video.	Chris Langdon	1952
date of birth	Walter Lassally (born 18 December 1926) is a German-born British cinematographer.	Walter Lassally	18 December 1926
date of birth	Colin Griffiths (born 16 August 1983) is an English comedian, DJ, VJ and writer.	Colin Griffiths	16 August 1983
date of birth	Jochū Tengin (如仲天誾, also 恕仲天誾; 1363-1437) was a Sōtō Zen monk.	Jochū Tengin	1363
date of birth	Bagrat de Bagration y de Baviera, also Bagrat Bagration-Moukhransky, Prince Bagration-Moukhransky (born 12 January 1949) is Spanish-Georgian nobleman, member of the House of Mukhrani.	Bagrat de Bagration y de Baviera	12 January 1949
date of birth	Martina Gusmán (born 28 October 1978) is an Argentine actress and film producer.	Martina Gusmán	28 October 1978
date of birth	Charles Ruxton (1726--1806) was an Irish MP and landowner in Ardee, County Louth.	Charles Ruxton	1726
date of birth	Momchil Karailiev (Bulgarian: Момчил Караилиев) (born 21 May 1982) is a Bulgarian triple jumper.	Momchil Karailiev	21 May 1982
date of birth	Rosa Branson MBE (born 1933) is a British painter and fabric designer, living in Highgate, London.	Rosa Branson	1933
date of birth	Lidija Kuliš (born 2 May 1992) is a Bosnian football striker who plays for Germany's Turbine Potsdam.	Lidija Kuliš	2 May 1992
date of birth	Carles Coto Pagès (born 11 February 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club Ethnikos Achna FC as a right winger.	Carles Coto	11 February 1988
date of birth	Sonia Gaskell (14 April 1904 -- 9 July 1974) was a Lithuanian-Dutch-Jewish dancer, choreographer, dance teacher, and dance director.	Sonia Gaskell	14 April 1904
date of birth	Flor Minor (b. 1961) is a Mexican sculptor and graphic artist, known for bronze sculptures and graphic work that generally depict the male form.	Flor Minor	1961
date of birth	Carl Justus Hagman, (born 14 February 1859 -- 28 February 1936) was a Swedish actor.	Justus Hagman	14 February 1859
date of birth	Nathan Otávio Ribeiro (born 2 June 1990), known simply as Nathan, is a naturalized Qatari footballer who plays for Al Rayyan in Qatar as a central defender.	Nathan Otávio Ribeiro	2 June 1990
date of birth	Clive Fencott (born 1952) is a writer and sound poet, a performer associated with the British Poetry Revival, and an academic.	Clive Fencott	1952
date of birth	William Coddington (c. 1601 -- 1 November 1678) was an early magistrate of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and later of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	William Coddington	1601
date of birth	Liu Huanqi (1928 - 2014) was a military officer in the People's Liberation Army Air Force of China.	Liu Huanqi	1928
date of birth	Jack Swift (born 8 August 1985) is an Australian athletics competitor and paratriathlete.	Jack Swift	8 August 1985
date of birth	Christian Preußer (born 23 January 1984) is a German football manager who last coached Rot-Weiß Erfurt.	Christian Preußer	23 January 1984
date of birth	Gustáv Slamečka (born 5 June 1959) is a Czech politician of Slovak origin.	Gustáv Slamečka	5 June 1959
date of birth	Valerie Frissen (born 1960 in Puth) holds the extraordinary professorship in ``ICT and Social Change'' at the Faculty of Philosophy at the Erasmus University Rotterdam where she belongs to the group of Professor Dr. Jos de Mul.	Valerie Frissen	1960
date of birth	Bryan Norrie (born 14 October 1983) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s.	Bryan Norrie	14 October 1983
date of birth	Ken Gonzales-Day (born 1964, Santa Clara, CA) is an American artist living and working in Los Angeles best known for his photo-based conceptual projects exploring identity and the construction of race.	Ken Gonzales-Day	1964
date of birth	Frank-Jürgen Richter (born 1967) is a German entrepreneur and currently the Chairman of Horasis.	Frank-Jürgen Richter	1967
date of birth	Gregory Betts (born 1975) is a Canadian poet, editor and professor.	Gregory Betts	1975
date of birth	Armindo Rodrigues Mendes Furtado (born 16 November 1987), commonly known as Brito, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Recreativo do Libolo in Angola, mainly as a striker.	Armindo Rodrigues Mendes Furtado	16 November 1987
date of birth	Maria Prytz (born 18 October 1976; née Engholm) is a Swedish curler.	Maria Prytz	18 October 1976
date of birth	Daniel J. Solove (/ˈsoʊloʊv/; born 1972) is the John Marshall Harlan Research Professor of Law at the George Washington University Law School.	Daniel J. Solove	1972
date of birth	Lisbeth Klastrup (born 1970) is a Danish scholar of new media.	Lisbeth Klastrup	1970
date of birth	Ian Mackintosh, MBE, (born 26 July 1940; disappeared and presumed dead July 1979) was a Scottish naval officer, a writer of thriller novels, and a screenwriter for British television.	Ian Mackintosh	26 July 1940
date of birth	Austin Kleon (born 16 June 1983 ) is a New York Times bestselling author of three books:	Austin Kleon	16 June 1983
date of birth	Siemen Danziger (c. 1579 -- c. 1615), better known by his anglicized names Zymen Danseker and Simon de Danser, was a 17th-century Dutch privateer and corsair.	Zymen Danseker	1579
date of birth	Peter Medak (born Medák Péter, 23 December 1937) is a Hungarian-born film director and television director of British and American productions.	Peter Medak	23 December 1937
date of birth	Sheree Fitch (born 3 December 1956) is a Canadian author and literacy advocate.	Sheree Fitch	3 December 1956
date of birth	Gisela Hahn (born Gisela Drenkhan 13 May 1943) is a German film actress.	Gisela Hahn	13 May 1943
date of birth	Russell Docker (born 15 May 1967) is a British Paralympic skier.	Russell Docker	15 May 1967
date of birth	Charna Halpern (born 1952) is a co-founder of the ImprovOlympic, now known as iO.	Charna Halpern	1952
date of birth	Vladimir Trapeznikov (Russian: Трапе́зников Влади́мир Константи́нович) (born 13 September 1956) is an artistic director/production designer, and a member of the Union of Cinematographers of the Russian Federation since 1988.	Vladimir Trapeznikov	13 September 1956
date of birth	Thanasis Moulopoulos (Greek: Θανάσης Μουλόπουλος; born 9 June 1985) is a Greek footballer.	Thanasis Moulopoulos	9 June 1985
date of birth	Boris Cherniak (born 12 December 1964) is a Soviet-born Canadian-based entertainer, psychological illusionist, hypnotherapist, comedian hypnotist and motivational speaker that performs internationally.	Boris Cherniak	12 December 1964
date of birth	Jan Kryštof Liška (German: Johann Christoph Lischka; c. 1650 -- August 23, 1712) was a Czech Baroque painter.	Jan Kryštof Liška	1650
date of birth	Margaret Malcolm was the pseudonym of Edith Lyman Kuether (May 17, 1915 -- January 19, 2013), an American writer of over 100 romance novels at Mills & Boon from 1940 to 1981.	Margaret Malcolm	1915
date of birth	Sir Hugh Park, (24 April 1910 -- 2001) was a Judge of the High Court, Queen's Bench Division.	Hugh Park	24 April 1910
date of birth	Cai Fuchao (Chinese: 蔡赴朝; born April 1951) is a Chinese journalist, politician, and propaganda official.	Cai Fuchao	April 1951
date of birth	Rami George Khouri was born 22 October 1948 in New York City to an Arab Palestinian Christian family.	Rami George Khouri	1948
date of birth	Richard E. Mayer (born 1947) is an American educational psychologist who has made significant contributions to theories of cognition and learning, especially as they relate to problem solving and the design of educational multimedia.	Richard E. Mayer	1947
date of birth	Hank Marr (30 January 1927 -- 16 March 2004) was a soul jazz and hard bop Hammond B3 organist and pianist born in Columbus, Ohio, probably best known for his many albums recorded under his own name for the Double-time record label.	Hank Marr	30 January 1927
date of birth	Leandro Salino do Carmo (born 22 April 1985), known as Salino, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Olympiacos F.C. mainly as a right back.	Leandro Salino	22 April 1985
date of birth	Mihai Popescu (born 15 March 1985 in Găești) is a Romanian handballer who plays for French team Saint-Raphaël Var Handball and the Romanian national team.	Mihai Popescu	15 March 1985
date of birth	Hsu Seu-Cheng or Xu Shuzheng (traditional Chinese: 徐樹錚; simplified Chinese: 徐树铮; pinyin: Xú Shùzhēng; Wade--Giles: Hsü Shu-Cheng; IPA: (ɕú ʂùt͡ʂə̄ŋ)) (11 November 1880 -- 29 December 1925), was a Chinese warlord in Republican China.	Xu Shuzheng	11 November 1880
date of birth	Wei Zhongxian (1568 -- December 12, 1627) was a Chinese court eunuch who lived in the late Ming dynasty.	Wei Zhongxian	1568
date of birth	Roberto Mogrovejo (born 19 June 1972 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football player that plays as a right winger.	Roberto Mogrovejo	19 June 1972
date of birth	Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark, Count of Monpezat, RE, SKmd (Frederik André Henrik Christian; Danish pronunciation: (ˈfʁæðˀʁæɡ̊); born 26 May 1968) is the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark.	Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	26 May 1968
date of birth	Nino Firetto, (born Anthony Edward Paolo Firetto, 30 June 1957 in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire) is a British radio presenter, TV host and actor, currently based in San Francisco, USA.	Nino Firetto	30 June 1957
date of birth	Khoo Fuk-lung (born 21 February 1964), also known as James Khoo, is a Hong Kong manhua artist and writer.	Khoo Fuk-lung	21 February 1964
date of birth	Dr. Erika Szabó (born 19 January 1959) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, who served as Secretary of State for Public Administration and Justice between 2 June 2010 and 5 June 2014.	Erika Szabó	19 January 1959
date of birth	Rudolf Wolters (August 3, 1903 -- January 7, 1983) was a German architect and government official, known for his longtime association with fellow architect and Third Reich official Albert Speer.	Rudolf Wolters	1903
date of birth	Takalani Ndlovu (born 11 January 1978), is a South African professional boxer with orthodox stance who goes by the nickname of ``Panther''.	Takalani Ndlovu	11 January 1978
date of birth	Leonidas Vokolos (Greek: Λεωνίδας Βόκολος) (born 31 August 1970) is a former Greek footballer.	Leonidas Vokolos	31 August 1970
date of birth	Thomas Blug, born in Saarbrücken in 1966, is a German musician, guitarist, musical electronic engineer and composer.	Thomas Blug	1966
date of birth	Solveig Krey (born 20 March 1963) is a Norwegian naval officer.	Solveig Krey	1963
date of birth	Thrangu Rinpoche (Tibetan: ཁྲ་འགུ་, Wylie: Khra-'gu (ˈtʰran.ɡu ˈrinpotʃe)) was born in 1933 in Kham, Tibet.	Thrangu Rinpoche	1933
date of birth	Wayne Laryea (born 11 April 1952) is a British musician and television actor.	Wayne Laryea	11 April 1952
date of birth	Gustavo Rojo (born 5 September 1923) is a Uruguayan film actor and producer.	Gustavo Rojo	5 September 1923
date of birth	Obaro Ejimiwe (18 January 1983) is a British vocalist and musician better known by his stage name Ghostpoet.	Ghostpoet	18 January 1983
date of birth	Peter Fröberg Idling (born 1972, in Stockholm) is a Swedish writer and a literary critic.	Peter Fröberg Idling	1972
date of birth	Luke Hume (born 26 January 1988) is an Australian-born American rugby union and rugby league player who plays for the USA Eagles and USA 7s rugby teams who last played for French club RC Narbonne in the Pro D2 during the 2013-14 season.	Luke Hume	26 January 1988
date of birth	Mark Blair (born 27 November 1974) is a British auto racing driver.	Mark Blair	27 November 1974
date of birth	Cees Priem (born 27 October 1950) is a retired Dutch professional road bicycle racer.	Cees Priem	27 October 1950
date of birth	Ganpatrao Devji Tapase (Marathi: गणपतराव देवजी तपासे) (30 October 1908--3 October 1991, Mumbai) was an Indian politician, an Indian independence activist and later a leader of the Indian National Congress political party in Maharashtra.	Ganpatrao Devji Tapase	30 October 1908
date of birth	John Rhys-Davies (born 5 May 1944) is a Welsh actor and voice actor best known for his portrayal of Gimli in The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the charismatic Arab excavator Sallah in the Indiana Jones films.	John Rhys-Davies	5 May 1944
date of birth	Wit Szostak (pen name) (born 1976) is a Polish fantasy writer, philosopher and historian of Polish music folklore.	Wit Szostak	1976
date of birth	Gary Coatsworth (born 7 October 1968 in Sunderland) is an English former footballer who played for Barnsley, Darlington, and Leicester City, for whom he played in the 1994 Football League First Division play-off Final victory over Derby County.	Gary Coatsworth	7 October 1968
date of birth	Born in Miami, Florida, in 1969, Roe Ethridge grew up in the Atlanta, Georgia area.	Roe Ethridge	1969
date of birth	Peter Temin (born 17 December 1937) is an economist and economic historian, currently Gray Professor Emeritus of Economics, MIT and former head of the Economics Department.	Peter Temin	17 December 1937
date of birth	Kanao Inouye (1916 -- August 27, 1947) was a Canadian citizen convicted of high treason and war crimes for his actions during World War II. Known as the ``Kamloops Kid,'' he served as an interpreter and prison camp guard for the Imperial Japanese Army and the political police, or Kempeitai.	Kanao Inouye	1916
date of birth	Marguerite Pomerhn-Derricks (born 1961), professionally known as Marguerite Derricks, is a former ballerina and a multi award-winning choreographer from Buffalo, New York.	Marguerite Derricks	1961
date of birth	Basit Igtet (born 24 September 1970) is a Zurich based entrepreneur and Libyan national who has founded several companies in various sectors.	Basit Igtet	24 September 1970
date of birth	Gary Elphick (born 17 October 1985) is an English footballer currently joint manager with Jon Meeney at Worthing, having been appointed in June 2015.	Gary Elphick	17 October 1985
date of birth	Sunil Dhaniram (born 17 October 1968, Berbice, Guyana) is a Canadian cricket player, who formerly played for Guyana from 1993 to 1995.	Sunil Dhaniram	17 October 1968
date of birth	John Montgomery Templeton (20 May 1840 -- 10 June 1908) was a Scottish Australian businessman and the author of non-forfeiture clause in life assurance policies.	John Montgomery Templeton	20 May 1840
date of birth	Frank B. Salisbury (August 3, 1926 -- December 26, 2015) was an American plant physiologist who served for a time as head of the Utah State University (USU) department of Plant science.	Frank B. Salisbury	1926
date of birth	Lucio Rossi (born 24 September 1955) is an Italian physicist who is working in the field of superconductivity.	Lucio Rossi	24 September 1955
date of birth	Richard Towers (Born Richard Hayles on 8 August 1979) is a British heavyweight boxer and current EBU-EU (European Union) Heavyweight Champion.	Richard Towers	8 August 1979
date of birth	Josh Levin (born 1980) is an American writer and the executive editor at Slate magazine.	Josh Levin	1980
date of birth	Rav Wilding (born 16 October 1977) is an English television presenter, whose former professions include security guard at Harrods, soldier, police officer and from June 2004 to December 2011 was a presenter on Crimewatch.	Rav Wilding	16 October 1977
date of birth	Jabulani Dhliwayo (born 15 April 1960) is an ICT expert and the founder of ICT Africa.	Jabulani Dhliwayo	15 April 1960
date of birth	Carl Graham (born 6 January 1984 in Reading) is an English professional Ice Hockey player, currently playing for the Bracknell Bees in the EPIHL.	Carl Graham	6 January 1984
date of birth	Zhang Cunbiao (Chinese: 张存彪; born 11 February 1969) is a Chinese former track and field athlete who competed in the discus throw.	Zhang Cunbiao	11 February 1969
date of birth	Xiao Tian (Chinese: 肖天; pinyin: Xiāo Tiān; born 1955) is a former Chinese fencer and sports administrator.	Xiao Tian	1955
date of birth	Sue Sanders Emeritus Professor Harvey Milk Institute 2015 (born in 1947 in London) is, an ``out and proud'' lesbian, a British LGBT rights activist who has specialized in challenging oppression in the public and voluntary sectors for over forty years.	Sue Sanders	1947
date of birth	Jandson dos Santos (born 16 September 1986), simply known as Jandson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Buriram United as a striker.	Jandson dos Santos	16 September 1986
date of birth	Lawrence William Adamson, the second, but only surviving son of Lawrence Adamson, HM's Seneschal of the Isle of Man and barrister-at-law, was born on 16 July 1829.	Lawrence William Adamson	1829
date of birth	Erwin Spitzner (born 29 April 1994) is a Brazilian football Defender.	Erwin Spitzner	29 April 1994
date of birth	Samuel T. Day (1828 -- December 26, 1877) was an American physician, plantation owner, and politician who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Florida, from January 3, 1871 to June 3, 1872.	Samuel T. Day	1828
date of birth	Sangita Kalanidhi Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma (Telugu: రాళ్ళపల్లి అనంతకృష్ణశర్మ) (23 January 1893 - 11 March 1979) was a noted composer of Carnatic music, singer as well as a writer.	Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma	23 January 1893
date of birth	Davide Dionigi (born 10 January 1974 in Modena) is a former Italian footballer and current manager without any club.	Davide Dionigi	10 January 1974
date of birth	Sada Thioub (1 June 1995) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for OGC Nice in Ligue 1.	Sada Thioub	1 June 1995
date of birth	Dennis Rollins (born 1964) is a British jazz trombonist, the founder and bandleader of BadBone and Co.	Dennis Rollins	1964
date of birth	Mark de Bretton Platts (born 1947) is a philosopher at the Instituto de Investigaciones Filosóficas de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (Institute for Philosophical Investigation, National Autonomous University of Mexico).	Mark de Bretton Platts	1947
date of birth	Ella Mastrantonio (born 22 January 1992) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Australian W-League team Perth Glory.	Ella Mastrantonio	22 January 1992
date of birth	Eileen Quinlan (born 1972 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a self-described still-life photographer who shoots with medium format and large format cameras.	Eileen Quinlan	1972
date of birth	Andreas Lasnik (born 9 November 1983) is an Austrian footballer who is playing for Panionios	Andreas Lasnik	9 November 1983
date of birth	Peter Gál-Andrezly (born 3 May 1990) is a Slovak footballer, who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová.	Peter Gál-Andrezly	3 May 1990
date of birth	The Rt. Hon. Richard Edmund Meredith PC, QC (18 November 1855 - 26 January 1916), was the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, a Privy Councillor, Judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland and Judicial Commissioner of the Irish Land Commission.	Richard Edmund Meredith	18 November 1855
date of birth	Zakir Sadíq ulı Rämiev (1859--1921, (zæˈkir ræˈmiʲəf), Tatar: Закир Садыйк улы Рәмиев, Russian: Закир Садыкович Рамеев, Zakir Ramiyev) who used the pen name Därdemänd or Derdmend (Tatar: Дәрдмәнд, (dærdˈmænd)) was a famous Tatar poet, manufacturer and patron of arts.	Därdemänd	1859
date of birth	Gloria Guardia (born 1940) is a Panamanian novelist, essayist and journalist whose works have received important recognition in Latin America, Australia and Europe.	Gloria Guardia	1940
date of birth	Luiz Augusto Zanon (born 17 June 1963) is a Brazilian basketball coach for the Brazilian national team, which participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship for Women.	Luiz Augusto Zanon	17 June 1963
date of birth	Boris Kuschnir (born 1948) is an Austrian violinist and academic.	Boris Kuschnir	1948
date of birth	Ramesh C. Deka (Assamese: ৰমেশ চন্দ্ৰ ডেকা; born 1 October 1948 in Assam) is an ENT specialist and the Ex-Director of All India Institute of Medical Sciences, which is globally recognised as the premier Medical Institute of India.	Ramesh C. Deka	1 October 1948
date of birth	Babette Bardot (born 1940) is the stage name of a Swedish actress who appeared in Russ Meyer's films, including Common Law Cabin and Mondo Topless.	Babette Bardot	1940
date of birth	Jamal Al-Gashey (Arabic: جمال الجاشي‎; born 1953?) was a member of the Black September offshoot of the Palestine Liberation Organization and is the last surviving member of the group of eight Black September members who carried out the massacre of eleven Israeli athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympics.	Jamal Al-Gashey	1953
date of birth	Chandan Hajuri (20 January 1827 -- 1870) popularly known as 'Chakhi Khuntia' was a Jagannath Temple priest and a poet who participated in the Indian Rebellion of 1857.	Chakhi Khuntia	20 January 1827
date of birth	Gabrielle Gardiner (born 11 December 1998), known by her stage name Gabz, is a British singer-songwriter from Stevenage, who reached the final of the seventh series of Britain's Got Talent in 2013.	Gabz	11 December 1998
date of birth	Sandeep Bhagwati (born 4 June 1963) is a German-Indian composer of western classical music and an academic teacher.	Sandeep Bhagwati	4 June 1963
date of birth	Dambiijavyn Terbaatar (Mongolian: Дамбийжавын Тэрбаатар; born 1 November 1968) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Dambiijavyn Terbaatar	1 November 1968
date of birth	Reginald Vaughn Finley, Sr. (born in 1974) is an Informal Science and Critical Thinking Educator.	Reginald Vaughn Finley, Sr.	1974
date of birth	Aloísio full name Aloísio da Silva Filho (born 9 December 1974), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Potiguar de Mossoró.	Aloísio da Silva Filho	9 December 1974
date of birth	Dimitrios Hatzis (Greek: Δημήτριος Χατζής, 1913--1981) was a Greek novelist and journalist.	Dimitrios Hatzis	1913
date of birth	Ülle Kukk (born 18 November 1937 in Tartu) is an Estonian botanist and conservationist.	Ülle Kukk	18 November 1937
date of birth	Ambalavaner Sivanandan (born 20 December 1923, in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan novelist, and director of the Institute of Race Relations, a London-based independent educational charity.	Ambalavaner Sivanandan	20 December 1923
date of birth	Andrey Yurkov (sometimes listed as Andrey Jurkov, born 18 November 1983) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 2007.	Andrey Yurkov	18 November 1983
date of birth	Patrick Magruder (1768 -- 24 December 1819) was the second Librarian of the United States Congress, serving from 1807 to 1815.	Patrick Magruder	1768
date of birth	Bojan Zavišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Завишић; born 9 August 1979) is a Serbian former footballer.	Bojan Zavišić	9 August 1979
date of birth	Michael Shall (1949 -- February 9, 1995) was a teacher, practitioner, and promoter of origami (paper folding).	Michael Shall	1949
date of birth	Robert Szczepański (born 1 June 1975) is a Polish boxer, powerlifter and strongman competitor.	Robert Szczepański	1 June 1975
date of birth	Joseph Crawhall II (1821--1896) was born at West House, Newcastle.	Joseph Crawhall II	1821
date of birth	Hugh MacMahon (1660--1737) was Bishop of Clogher 1707--1715 and Archbishop of Armagh 1715--1737.	Hugh MacMahon	1660
date of birth	Tony Brock (born 31 March 1954, Poole, Dorset, England) is a British rock drummer, who is best known as the drummer and occasional vocalist for the English group The Babys.	Tony Brock	31 March 1954
date of birth	Kostja Gatnik (born 11 September 1945) is a Slovene artist, graphic designer and illustrator, best known for his illustrations in children's books.	Kostja Gatnik	11 September 1945
date of birth	Jess Conrad OBE (born Gerald Arthur James on 24 February 1936) is an actor and singer from England.	Jess Conrad	24 February 1936
date of birth	Tan Tolga Demirci (born 31 December 1974, İstanbul) is a director, writer.	Tan Tolga Demirci	31 December 1974
date of birth	Christos Tsiamoulis (Χρήστος Τσιαμούλης , born Athens 1961) is a Greek musicologist and musician.	Christos Tsiamoulis	1961
date of birth	Terry Snow (b. 1943 in Canberra) is an Australian businessman (trained accountant), entrepreneur, and self-proclaimed philanthropist based in Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory.	Terry Snow	1943
date of birth	Douglas Ahlstedt (born 16 March 1945, Jamestown, New York) is an American operatic tenor who had an international performance career with major opera houses from the 1970s through the 1990s.	Douglas Ahlstedt	16 March 1945
date of birth	Tara Oram (born 28 April 1984 in Hare Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian country music recording artist and a top six finalist on the fifth season of Canadian Idol in 2007.	Tara Oram	28 April 1984
date of birth	Felice Colombo (born 24 August 1937) is an Italian businessman, past chairman of A.C. Milan from 1977 to 1980.	Felice Colombo	24 August 1937
date of birth	Maxwell Santos Silva (born 23 April 1979) is a Brazilian football player who is now playing in South China.	Maxwell Santos Silva	23 April 1979
date of birth	Anjum Chopra (born 20 May 1977) is an Indian Women Cricketer.	Anjum Chopra	20 May 1977
date of birth	Ebenezer Battelle (1754-1815) was an American Revolutionary War veteran, a bookseller in Boston, Massachusetts, and a settler of Marietta, Ohio, in the late 18th century.	Ebenezer Battelle	1754
date of birth	Vladimirs Babičevs (born 22 April 1968) is a Latvian football manager and a former footballer.	Vladimirs Babičevs	22 April 1968
date of birth	Bernardino Ricca or Ricco (Cremona, 1450-?) was an Italian painter.	Bernardino Ricca	1450
date of birth	Frode Saugestad (born 2. April 1974 in Namsos) is a Norwegian literary scholar, publisher and adventurer.	Frode Saugestad	2. April 1974
date of birth	Mahmood Al-Yousif (Arabic: محمود اليوسف‎) (born 1962) also known as The Blogfather is a highly influential Web-log Award (Bloggie) nominated Bahraini blogger and political activist.	Mahmood Al-Yousif	1962
date of birth	Josh Thewlis (born 20 July 1984) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sydney in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Josh Thewlis	20 July 1984
date of birth	Lancelot Speed (1860--1931) was a Victorian illustrator of books, usually of a fantastical or romantic nature.	Lancelot Speed	1860
date of birth	Lynette Horsburgh (born 8 February 1974) is a Scottish semi-professional pool and snooker player and professional BBC Web content producer.	Lynette Horsburgh	8 February 1974
date of birth	Fred the Undercover Kitty (May 2005 - August 10, 2006) was a domestic shorthaired cat who gained attention for his undercover work with the New York Police Department and the Brooklyn District Attorney's Office in the arrest of a suspect posing as a veterinary care provider.	Fred the Undercover Kitty	May 2005
date of birth	Michael Nnachi Okoro (born 1 November 1940) has been the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Abakaliki since 19 February 1983.	Michael Nnachi Okoro	1 November 1940
date of birth	Jan Zwicky (born 10 May 1955) is a Canadian philosopher, poet, essayist, and musician.	Jan Zwicky	10 May 1955
date of birth	Jerzy Drzewiecki (1902 - 1990) was a Polish aeroplane constructor, an engineer and one of the founders of the RWD construction bureau, along with Rogalski and Wigura.	Jerzy Drzewiecki	1902
date of birth	Dhruva Sarja (Kannada: ಧ್ರುವ ಸರ್ಜಾ; born 6 October 1988) is an Indian film actor working in Kannada film industry.	Dhruva Sarja	6 October 1988
date of birth	Ljubo Milicevic (Croatian: Ljubo Miličević; born 13 February 1981) is an Australian footballer.	Ljubo Milicevic	13 February 1981
date of birth	Haitam Aleesami (born 31 July 1991) is a Norwegian footballer of Moroccan descent who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a defender.	Haitam Aleesami	31 July 1991
date of birth	Noraishah Abdul Aziz (born 14 May 1971) or better known by her commercial name, Nasha Aziz, is a Malaysian model and an actress.	Nasha Aziz	14 May 1971
date of birth	John Mateer (born 1971) is a South African-born Australian poet and author.	John Mateer	1971
date of birth	Ngeri Benebo, MFR (born 11 May 1955) is a Nigerian medical doctor and public health specialist.	Ngeri Benebo	11 May 1955
date of birth	Lin Xiao (Chinese: 林晓) (born 1920) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Lin Xiao	1920
date of birth	Mollie Dent-Brocklehurst (born c. 1971) is the director of London's Pace Gallery is also co-owner of Sudeley Castle, where she has curated art and sculpture exhibitions.	Mollie Dent-Brocklehurst	1971
date of birth	Nawab Muhammad Aslam Raisani (Urdu: نواب محمد اسلم خان رئیسانی‎) (born 5 July 1955 in Sarawan, Balochistan) was the Chief Minister of Balochistan from 9 April 2008 till 14 January 2013.	Aslam Raisani	5 July 1955
date of birth	Arthur Wilkinson (3 September 1919 -- 1968) was a British orchestral composer and arranger.	Arthur Wilkinson	3 September 1919
date of birth	Joaquín de Mendizábal y Tamborrel (Puebla, 29 March 1852 - México, 8 September 1926) was a Mexican topographical engineer.	Joaquín de Mendizábal y Tamborrel	29 March 1852
date of birth	Noémi Németh (born 7 April 1986) is a Hungarian hammer thrower.	Noémi Németh	7 April 1986
date of birth	Laurent Louis (born 29 February 1980) is a French-speaking Belgian politician and former member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives.	Laurent Louis	29 February 1980
date of birth	Derwain Jamal Easter (born 15 November 1987) is a Welsh footballer who is currently playing for Bridgend Town.	Jamal Easter	15 November 1987
date of birth	Majorian (Latin: Flavius Iulius Valerius Maiorianus Augustus; ca. 420 -- August 7, 461) was the Western Roman Emperor from 457 to 461.	Majorian	420
date of birth	Allan Schulman (15 September 1919 -- 12 July 2003) was a Swedish-Finnish journalist and television producer.	Allan Schulman	15 September 1919
date of birth	Giles Milton (born 15 January 1966) is a writer who specialises in narrative history.	Giles Milton	15 January 1966
date of birth	Richard S. Brown (born March 31, 1946) is an American jurist and the retired chief judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals.	Richard S. Brown	1946
date of birth	Steven Ross (born 29 August 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship as a striker.	Steven Ross	29 August 1993
date of birth	Roland Bader (born 24 August 1938) is a German choral conductor and music director.	Roland Bader	24 August 1938
date of birth	Arnim Tölke, a contemporary German painter was born in Göttingen in 1963.	Arnim Tölke	1963
date of birth	Mal Young (born 26 January 1957) is a British television producer, script writer and executive producer.	Mal Young	26 January 1957
date of birth	P. Jeevanandham was born in the town of Boothapandi, in the then princely state of Travancore (which is now in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu) into an orthodox middle-class family on 21 August 1907.	P. Jeevanandham	21 August 1907
date of birth	Andrei Yevgenyevich Ivanov (Russian: Андрей Евгеньевич Иванов) (6 April 1967 -- 19 May 2009) was a Russian international footballer who played as left-back.	Andrei Yevgenyevich Ivanov	6 April 1967
date of birth	Roman Bezjak (born 21 February 1989) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Prva HNL side HNK Rijeka and the Slovenian national team.	Roman Bezjak	21 February 1989
date of birth	James I. McCord (* 1919 in Breadalbane, Ontario; † February 19, 1990) was a president of Princeton Theological Seminary.	James I. McCord	1919
date of birth	Dean Mitchell (born 1957) is an American figurative artist who works primarily in watercolor and oil paint.	Dean Mitchell	1957
date of birth	Johan Åberg (born 17 April 1972) is a Swedish music producer, songwriter and manager.	Johan Åberg	17 April 1972
date of birth	José Rodrigo Aréchiga Gamboa (born 15 June 1980), commonly referred to by his alias ``El Chino Ántrax'', is an imprisoned Mexican drug lord, professional hitman, and high-ranking leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, a drug trafficking organization.	José Rodrigo Aréchiga Gamboa	15 June 1980
date of birth	Ferdinand Carl Maria Wedel-Jarlsberg (1 December 1781 -- 16 April 1857) was a Norwegian military officer and a baron.	Ferdinand Carl Maria Wedel-Jarlsberg	1 December 1781
date of birth	Gary Barlow OBE (born 20 January 1971) is an English singer, songwriter, pianist, composer and record producer.	Gary Barlow	20 January 1971
date of birth	Chisato Mishima was born on November 17, 1967 in Nagoya, Japan She was a Japan national gymnastics champion during high school.	Chisato Mishima	1967
date of birth	Hussein M. Zbib (born 1958 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a professor of mechanical and materials science engineering at Washington State University, where he has also served as Director of the School of Mechanical and Materials Engineering, and Director of the Computational Mechanics and Materials Laboratory.	Hussein M. Zbib	1958
date of birth	Paco Montalvo (born 19 November 1992) is a Spanish classical musician and creator of flamenco violin as the main voice.	Paco Montalvo	19 November 1992
date of birth	Heiner Schuhmann (born 4 November 1948) is a retired German footballer and coach best known for his time at FC Augsburg.	Heiner Schuhmann	4 November 1948
date of birth	Yasmin Fahimi (born 25 December 1967 in Hannover) is a German politician and was from January 2014 to December 2015 the general secretary of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).	Yasmin Fahimi	25 December 1967
date of birth	Susse Wold (born 17 November 1938) is a stage and screen actress whose career has spanned five decades.	Susse Wold	17 November 1938
date of birth	Raffaele Ciappa (born Fanno 1760 - died after 1820s) was an Italian painter, active in a Neoclassical style.	Raffaele Ciappa	1760
date of birth	Fred Espenak (born 1953) is a retired emeritus American astrophysicist.	Fred Espenak	1953
date of birth	Doron Saphir (born 1959) is a Deputy Mayor of Tel Aviv - Jaffa and substitute mayor since 1996.	Doron Saphir	1959
date of birth	Christian Ward (born 1980) is a British poet, writer, and translator.	Christian Ward	1980
date of birth	Park Jong-chan (Hangul: 박종찬; born 2 October 1981) is a retired South Korean footballer who played as midfielder.	Park Jong-chan	2 October 1981
date of birth	Ian Woodley (born 1960) is an English millionaire game show winner and professional poker player, based in Lee, South London.	Ian Woodley	1960
date of birth	Helen Khal (1923-2009) was an American born artist and critic of Lebanese descent.	Helen Khal	1923
date of birth	Jan Wyrowiński (born 27 August 1947, Brusy) is a Polish politician and Kashubian activist.	Jan Wyrowiński	27 August 1947
date of birth	Katarzyna Rogowiec (born 14 October 1977) is a Polish Paralympian.	Katarzyna Rogowiec	14 October 1977
date of birth	Esteban Rodríguez Miró y Sabater (1744 -- June 4, 1795), also known as Esteban Miro and Estevan Miro, was a Spanish army officer and governor of the Spanish American provinces of Louisiana and Florida.	Esteban Rodríguez Miró	1744
date of birth	Juan Antonio Ipiña (born 23 August 1912 in Ortuella; died September 7, 1974) was a Spanish football manager.	Juan Antonio Ipiña	23 August 1912
date of birth	Giovanni Gravenbeek (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌdʒijoː.ˈvɑ.ni ˈɣraː.və(n).ˌbeːk)) (born 11 May 1988) is a Dutch professional footballer.	Giovanni Gravenbeek	11 May 1988
date of birth	Vikram Kadian (aka Raju) (born 30 December 1974) is an Indian politician and social activist, belonging to the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP).	Vikram Kadian	30 December 1974
date of birth	Rohan Gunaratna (born 1961) is an international terrorism expert.	Rohan Gunaratna	1961
date of birth	Andrew Phillip Smith (born 1966) is a Welsh writer who has written books on Gnosticism, Cathars and Mandaeans.	Andrew Phillip Smith	1966
date of birth	Samuel Aziz (born 5 July 1991) is a Swedish footballer of Ethiopian descent who is currently a free agent.	Samuel Aziz	5 July 1991
date of birth	Annamária Király (born 29 August 1985) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who is currently under contract with Debreceni VSC.	Annamária Király	29 August 1985
date of birth	Peter Johns (19 April 1830 -- 24 September 1899) was an Australian mechanical engineer who founded the company Johns & Waygood.	Peter Johns	19 April 1830
date of birth	George Anthony Frendo O.P. (born 4 April 1946) is a Maltese prelate who serves as the Auxiliary Bishop of Tiranë-Durrës in Albania.	George Anthony Frendo	4 April 1946
date of birth	Zhao Chou (趙犨) (824-889) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, whose power base was at Chen Prefecture (陳州, in modern Zhumadian, Henan).	Zhao Chou	824
date of birth	Meline Daluzyan (Armenian: Մելինե Դալուզյան, born 20 April 1988 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian weightlifter.	Meline Daluzyan	20 April 1988
date of birth	Selami Altınok (born 1966) is a Turkish civil servant who served as the Minister of the Interior in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu between 28 August and 17 November 2015.	Selami Altınok	1966
date of birth	Conor McKenna (born 28 March 1996) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Conor McKenna	28 March 1996
date of birth	Claudio Giorgi (born in 1944) is an Italian actor and film director, active between the 1970s and the early 1980s.	Claudio Giorgi	1944
date of birth	The Hon. Thomas Lodge Murray-Prior of Maroon (Wells, Somerset, England, 13 November 1819 -- Albion, Queensland, 31 December 1892) was an Australian politician.	Thomas Lodge Murray-Prior	13 November 1819
date of birth	Rev. Thomas J. O'Hara, C.S.C., Ph.D. (born March 16, 1949) is provincial of the U.S. Province of Priests and Brothers of the Congregation of Holy Cross.	Thomas J. O'Hara	1949
date of birth	Terry Wight (born 11 November 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Terry Wight	11 November 1956
date of birth	Nancy K. Miller (born 1941) is an American literary scholar and memoirist.	Nancy K. Miller	1941
date of birth	Elghalia Djimi (Arabic: الغالية ادجيمي‎; born 28 May 1961) is the vice president of the organization Sahrawi Association of Victims of Grave Human Rights Violations Committed by the Moroccan State.	Elghalia Djimi	28 May 1961
date of birth	Major-General Sir Charles Broke Vere KCB KCH (21 February 1779 -- 1 April 1843), né Broke, was a British soldier and Conservative Member of Parliament.	Charles Broke Vere	21 February 1779
date of birth	Irving Grundman (born c. 1928) is a former general manager of the Montreal Canadiens.	Irving Grundman	1928
date of birth	Dean Gaskell, born 12 April 1983 is a retired English rugby league player.	Dean Gaskell	12 April 1983
date of birth	Hortense Clémentine Tanvet was a French sculptor, born on 19 November 1880 and who died on 13 February 1981.	Hortense Clémentine Tanvet	19 November 1880
date of birth	David Passaro (born 1966) is a former CIA contractor and U.S. Army Ranger who was charged with assault in connection with the June 21, 2003 death of Abdul Wali.	David Passaro	1966
date of birth	Edward Hult, born 1978, is the CEO of EF North America, a division of EF Education First, an education organization founded by his father Bertil Hult.	Edward Hult	1978
date of birth	Nasser Al-Othman (Arabic: ناصر العثمان‎; born in 1939, full name Nasser Mohammed Al-Othman Fakhroo) is a Qatari journalist and author.	Nasser Al-Othman	1939
date of birth	Zeng Sini (Chinese: 曾思妮; pinyin: Zēng Sīní; born 3 January 1988) is a Chinese cyclist.	Zeng Sini	3 January 1988
date of birth	Stevi Jackson (born 23 June 1951), is an academic and writer working in the field of gender and sexuality.	Stevi Jackson	23 June 1951
date of birth	Lincoln Henry Jelliff (26 April 1865 -- 24 September 1962) served as a Member of Parliament in the Lethbridge riding from 1921 to 1930.	Lincoln Henry Jelliff	26 April 1865
date of birth	Don Shepherd (born Donald John Shepherd, 12 August 1927, Port Eynon, Glamorgan, Wales) was a Welsh cricketer, who played for Glamorgan.	Don Shepherd	12 August 1927
date of birth	Warren Campbell (born 19 October 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL), South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and St Mary's in the Northern Territory Football League (NTFL) .	Warren Campbell	19 October 1974
date of birth	Mary Curtis Richardson (9 April 1848 in New York City -- 1 November 1931 in San Francisco) was an impressionist painter and known as the ``Mary Cassatt of the West''.	Mary Curtis Richardson	9 April 1848
date of birth	Job Harriman (January 15, 1861 - October 26, 1925) was an ordained minister who later became an agnostic and a socialist.	Job Harriman	1861
date of birth	René V. Dawis (born 1928) is an American psychology professor.	René V. Dawis	1928
date of birth	Boaz Weinstein (born in 1973) is an American derivatives trader and hedge fund manager.	Boaz Weinstein	1973
date of birth	Thomais Orsini (born ca. 1330) was the queen consort of the Serbian tsar and ruler of Epirus and Thessaly, Simeon Uroš Palaiologos.	Thomais Orsini	1330
date of birth	Susanna Paine, also known as Susannah and Susan (June 9, 1792 -- November 10, 1862), was an American portrait artist in New England in the 19th century.	Susanna Paine	1792
date of birth	Varian Johnson (born in 1977) is an American writer, who writes contemporary young adult literature.	Varian Johnson	1977
date of birth	Clarence Öfwerman, born 22 November 1957, is best known as the longtime producer of Roxette, having been with the band from their debut album Pearls of Passion in 1986 through to 2012's Travelling, Roxette's latest studio album.	Clarence Öfwerman	22 November 1957
date of birth	M. Sukumaran (born 1943) is an author and short story writer in Malayalam.	M. Sukumaran	1943
date of birth	Anastasia Gosteva (born 2 February 1975) is a Russian writer, journalist and translator who since the late 1990s has published a number of successful novels.	Anastasia Gosteva	2 February 1975
date of birth	Dame Gillian Morgan, DBE (born in Llwynypia, 1953) was Permanent Secretary to the Welsh Assembly Government between 1 May 2008 and August 2012.	Gillian Morgan	1953
date of birth	Diana Ferrus (born 29 August 1953, Worcester, Western Cape) is a South African writer, poet and storyteller of mixed Khoisan and slave ancestry.	Diana Ferrus	29 August 1953
date of birth	Kristel Lisberg (born in 1989 in Tórshavn, grew up in the Tvøroyri) is a Faroese singer and optometrist.	Kristel Lisberg	1989
date of birth	Christophe Coin (French: (kwɛ̃); born 26 January 1958) is a French cellist, viola da gamba player and conductor active in the field of historically informed performance.	Christophe Coin	26 January 1958
date of birth	Ward Wellington Ward (1875--1932) was an American architect who worked mostly in Syracuse, New York.	Ward Wellington Ward	1875
date of birth	Sava Damjanov (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Дамјанов; born 29 September 1956) is a Serbian novelist, literary critic, short story writer, and literary historian.	Sava Damjanov	29 September 1956
date of birth	Robert Chartham was the pseudonym of Ronald Sydney Seth (5 June 1911, England -- 1 February 1985), a British writer who used the name Chartham for his activity as a sexologist and the name Seth for travel books and books about espionage.	Robert Chartham	5 June 1911
date of birth	Viktor Shapoval (Ukrainian: Віктор Шаповал, born 17 October 1979) is a Ukrainian high jumper.	Viktor Shapoval	17 October 1979
date of birth	Stefano Landi (baptized 26 February 1587 -- 28 October 1639) was an Italian composer and teacher of the early Baroque Roman School.	Stefano Landi	26 February 1587
date of birth	Jessica Nilsson (born 11 January 1965) is a Swedish director based in Denmark.	Jessica Nilsson	11 January 1965
date of birth	Albert Butz (1849--1905) Swiss born inventor and businessman who immigrated to the United States in the 1850s and founded the Butz Thermo-electric Regulator Company that, through a series of re-organizations, name changes, and mergers, became Honeywell, Incorporated.	Albert Butz	1849
date of birth	Thelma Peake (née Mason, born 30 April 1914) is a retired Australian track and field athlete who won gold and bronze medals at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney.	Thelma Peake	30 April 1914
date of birth	Frank Ives Scudamore (1823--1884) was an English Post Office reformer and writer.	Frank Ives Scudamore	1823
date of birth	José Jorge Loureiro (23 April 1791 - 1 June 1860) was a Portuguese soldier and politician at the time of the monarchy.	José Jorge Loureiro	23 April 1791
date of birth	Sharlene Rädlein (born 8 September 1990 in Kingston) is a Jamaican model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Jamaica Universe 2015 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant.	Sharlene Rädlein	8 September 1990
date of birth	Joseph Wolff (1795 -- 2 May 1862), a Jewish Christian missionary, was born at Weilersbach, near Bamberg, Germany.	Joseph Wolff	1795
date of birth	Sékou Kouréissy Condé (born 1954) is a Guinean politician and academic.	Sékou Kouréissy Condé	1954
date of birth	Moses Isegawa, also known as Sey Wava (born 10 August 1963), is a Ugandan author.	Moses Isegawa	10 August 1963
date of birth	Irwin Federman (born 1936) is an American businessman, philanthropist and General Partner of U.S. Venture Partners.	Irwin Federman	1936
date of birth	Gustav Franke (born 4 December 1937 in Grottkan Schesein, Germany), is a former German International motorcycle trials rider.	Gustav Franke	4 December 1937
date of birth	Percy Chapman Black (11 January 1878 -- 16 September 1961) was a Canadian politician, businessman and farmer.	Percy Chapman Black	11 January 1878
date of birth	G. Bruce Boyer (born 1941) is a journalist who was the fashion editor for Town & Country.	G. Bruce Boyer	1941
date of birth	Alex Brummer (born 25 May 1949) is a British economics commentator, working as a journalist, editor, and author.	Alex Brummer	25 May 1949
date of birth	Elizabeth Macquarie (1778--1835) was the second wife of Lachlan Macquarie who served as Governor of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821.	Elizabeth Macquarie	1778
date of birth	Stanisław Jackowski (1887 in Warsaw -- 1951 in Katowice) was a Polish sculptor, and nephew of novelist Bolesław Prus.	Stanisław Jackowski	1887
date of birth	Chay Wai Chuen (Chinese: 谢惠泉, born 5 March 1950) is a Singaporean former Member of Parliament (MP).	Chay Wai Chuen	5 March 1950
date of birth	Smári McCarthy (born 7 February 1984) is an Icelandic/Irish innovator and information activist.	Smári McCarthy	7 February 1984
date of birth	Rose Akol Okullu, commonly known as Rose Akol (born 27 November 1964), is a Ugandan accountant and politician.	Rose Akol	27 November 1964
date of birth	Lillian Chalmers (born 5 December 1911) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.	Lillian Chalmers	5 December 1911
date of birth	Professor Chang Hsin-kang, GBS, JP, FREng (simplified Chinese: 张信刚; traditional Chinese: 張信剛; pinyin: Zhāng Xìngāng; born 9 July 1940, Shenyang, Liaoning, China), was the President of City University of Hong Kong.	Chang Hsin-kang	9 July 1940
date of birth	Silvestre Siale Bileka (born 1939?) is an Equato-Guinean politician.	Silvestre Siale Bileka	1939
date of birth	Claus Tuchscherer (born 14 January 1955) was an East German nordic combined skier who competed in the 1970s.	Claus Tuchscherer	14 January 1955
date of birth	Stanoje Jocić (Serbian Cyrillic: Станоје Јоцић; born 5 June 1932) was a Serbian football player and a Yugoslav international.	Stanoje Jocić	5 June 1932
date of birth	Rogier Veenstra (born 17 September 1987) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger or striker for amateurs Kloetinge.	Rogier Veenstra	17 September 1987
date of birth	Stanoje Stamatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Станоје Стаматовић), known as Stanoje Glavaš (Станоје Главаш; 21 February 1763 -- 25 February 1815) was a Serbian hajduk and hero in the First Serbian Uprising.	Stanoje Glavaš	21 February 1763
date of birth	Bonino Mombrizio (Mombritius) (1424 - between 1482 and 1502, perhaps 1500) was an Italian philologist, humanist, and editor of ancient writings.	Bonino Mombrizio	1424
date of birth	Ian Penman (born 1959) is a British writer, music journalist, and critic.	Ian Penman	1959
date of birth	Robert Hamish McCutcheon (born 1947), known as Sandy McCutcheon is an Australian author, playwright, actor, journalist and broadcaster.	Sandy McCutcheon	1947
date of birth	Cliff Eisen (born in Toronto, 21 January 1952) is a Canadian musicologist and a Mozart expert.	Cliff Eisen	21 January 1952
date of birth	Darryl White (born 12 June 1973) is an Australian rules footballer whose career with the Brisbane Bears and Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL) lasted from 1992 to 2005.	Darryl White	12 June 1973
date of birth	Stefano Cerioni (born 24 January 1964) is an Italian foil fencer, Olympic team champion in 1984, Olympic champion in 1988 and World team champion in 1985 and 1994.	Stefano Cerioni	24 January 1964
date of birth	Pamfil Polonic (27 August 1858 -- 17 April 1943) was a Romanian archaeologist and topographer.	Pamfil Polonic	27 August 1858
date of birth	Tao Rodríguez-Seeger (born 1972) is an American contemporary folk musician.	Tao Rodríguez-Seeger	1972
date of birth	Warwick Draper (born 23 September 1976 in Melbourne) is an Australian slalom canoeist who has competed since the mid-1990s.	Warwick Draper	23 September 1976
date of birth	Thomas Bott (1688--1754) was an English cleric of the Church of England, known as a controversialist.	Thomas Bott	1688
date of birth	Joan Hill (born 1930), also known as Che-se-quah, is a Muscogee Creek artist of Cherokee ancestry.	Joan Hill	1930
date of birth	Walter Whitehurst (7 June 1934 -- 20 January 2012) was an English footballer.	Walter Whitehurst	7 June 1934
date of birth	Gorka Izagirre Insausti (born 7 October 1987) is a professional cyclist, who rides for the UCI ProTeam, Movistar Team.	Gorka Izagirre	7 October 1987
date of birth	Nora Swinburne (born Leonora Mary Johnson; 24 July 1902 -- 1 May 2000) was a British actress, best known for her appearances in many British films.	Nora Swinburne	24 July 1902
date of birth	Anthony Bale (born 1975) is an English medievalist.	Anthony Bale	1975
date of birth	Debra Bloomfield (born in Los Angeles, California in 1952) is an American photographer.	Debra Bloomfield	1952
date of birth	Mirian Tsalkalamanidze (b. 20 April 1927 -- d. 3 August 2000) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling.	Mirian Tsalkalamanidze	20 April 1927
date of birth	James M. Davis (born 1948) is the former chief financial officer of Stanford Financial Group.	James M. Davis	1948
date of birth	Prince Pedro Thiago of Orléans-Braganza (born 12 January 1979) is a member of the Brazilian Imperial Family.	Prince Pedro Thiago of Orléans-Braganza	12 January 1979
date of birth	Jonathan Ellis (born 4 April 1982 is an English professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Jedrek Grabowski. He competes for promotions including Lucha Britannia, PROGRESS Wrestling, Future Pro Wrestling (FPW) and previously competed for the now defunct British Wrestling Evolution (BWE)	Jedrek Grabowski	4 April 1982
date of birth	Dagpo Rinpoche (born 1932), also known as Bamchoe Rinpoche, is a lama in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition.	Dagpo Rinpoche	1932
date of birth	Shaun McKeown (born 2 March 1980) is a Paralympic track and road cyclist for Great Britain.	Shaun McKeown	2 March 1980
date of birth	Earl Lincoln Poole (1891--1972) was an American wildlife artist, sculptor, author, and naturalist.	Earl Lincoln Poole	1891
date of birth	Marjorie Hope Nicolson (February 18, 1894 -- March 9, 1981), was an American literary scholar.	Marjorie Hope Nicolson	1894
date of birth	Born on 11 April 1968 at Batala, Gurpartap Singh Mann belongs to a prominent agricultural family from Punjab; his father, S. Bhupinder Singh Mann, is a famous farmer's leader of the Bharti Kisan Union who also remained a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha.	Gurpartap Singh Mann	1968
date of birth	Adriána Alonso Barona (Born 6 April 1994), known as Adrián Alonso, is a Mexican actor.	Adrián Alonso	6 April 1994
date of birth	Margo Kingston (born 1959) is an Australian journalist, author, and commentator.	Margo Kingston	1959
date of birth	Eldred Tabachnik, QC (born 5 November 1943) is a South African-born English barrister, recorder and a former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews.	Eldred Tabachnik	5 November 1943
date of birth	Dr. János Hargitai (born 24 April 1958) is a Hungarian jurist, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Mohács (Baranya County Constituency V then III) since 1998.	János Hargitai	24 April 1958
date of birth	Chi Cao (Chinese: 曹驰; pinyin: Cáo Chí; b. March 22, 1978) is a British ballet dancer born in China.	Chi Cao	1978
date of birth	Yohan Mollo (born 18 July 1989) is a French footballer who is playing for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara in Russia on loan from Saint-Étienne.	Yohan Mollo	18 July 1989
date of birth	William Esuman-Gwira Sekyi, better known as Kobina Sekyi (1 November 1892, Cape Coast -- 1956) was a nationalist lawyer, politician and writer in the Gold Coast.	Kobina Sekyi	1 November 1892
date of birth	Michael Lyng (born 7 February 1985) is a Gaelic footballer in Ireland.	Michael Lyng	7 February 1985
date of birth	Nick Grono (born 22 July 1966) is an Australian human rights campaigner who heads the Freedom Fund -- the world's first private donor fund dedicated to ending slavery.	Nick Grono	22 July 1966
date of birth	Gaetano Bisleti S.T.D. (20 March 1856 -- 30 August 1937) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was former Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Catholic Education.	Gaetano Bisleti	20 March 1856
date of birth	Lina Chatkevičiūtė (born 1981) is a professional Lithuanian ballroom dancer.	Lina Chatkevičiūtė	1981
date of birth	Dalmacio Langarica Lizasoain (5 December 1919 -- 24 January 1985) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist during the 1940s and 1950s and a directeur sportif in the 1970s.	Dalmacio Langarica	5 December 1919
date of birth	Jack V. Lunzer (born in 1924) is a retired industrial diamond merchant and the creator and custodian of the Valmadonna Trust Library.	Jack V. Lunzer	1924
date of birth	Adrian Cruciat (born 31 March 1983) is former a Romanian tennis player.	Adrian Cruciat	31 March 1983
date of birth	Olga Kochetkova (Russian: Ольга Кочеткова; born 1 November 1979) is a retired Russian backstroke swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships.	Olga Kochetkova	1 November 1979
date of birth	Edicson Ruiz (born 11 May 1985 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan double-bass player.	Edicson Ruiz	11 May 1985
date of birth	Johann Rudolf Tschiffeli (16 December 1716 - 15 January 1780) was a Swiss agronomist who founded the Economic Society of Berne in 1758.	Johann Rudolf Tschiffeli	16 December 1716
date of birth	Nguyễn Văn Hinh (1915--2004) was appointed the Vietnamese National Army Chief of Staff by Emperor Bảo Đại.	Nguyễn Văn Hinh	1915
date of birth	Verne Sankey (1890-February 8, 1934) and Gordon Alcorn were a pair of Depression-era outlaws whose successful kidnappings of Haskell Bohn and Charles Boettcher II in 1932 made them two of the most wanted criminals in the United States, and inspired a number of other kidnappings across the country.	Verne Sankey	1890
date of birth	Dr Glen Milton Storr (1921-1990) was an Australian ornithologist and herpetologist.	Glen Milton Storr	1921
date of birth	Ad Sluijter (born 29 November 1981) is a Dutch guitarist who is mostly known for his work with the Dutch symphonic metal band Epica.	Ad Sluijter	29 November 1981
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Laffont (born 1935 in Algeria) is a photojournalist, based in New York, and was the founding member of Gamma USA and Sygma Photo News, the largest photography agency in the world, which in 1999 was acquired by the Corbis Corporation.	Jean-Pierre Laffont	1935
date of birth	César Graña (1919, Peru -- August 22, 1986, Spain) was an American sociologist and anthropologist of Peruvian origin.	César Graña	1919
date of birth	Francis G. Fitzpatrick (1903 -- May 15, 1992) was the mayor of Bayonne, New Jersey in the United States from 1962 to 1974.	Francis G. Fitzpatrick	1903
date of birth	Paul Truscott (born 1 May 1986) is a British professional boxer and former Commonwealth featherweight champion.	Paul Truscott	1 May 1986
date of birth	Henny Trylesinski, also known as Henny Trayles (Hamburg, 4 June 1937) is a German-born Uruguayan actress and comedian who lives in Argentina.	Henny Trayles	4 June 1937
date of birth	Paweł Wolak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpavew ˈvolak); born 26 September 1981) is a Polish former professional boxer who held the regional WBC--	Paweł Wolak	26 September 1981
date of birth	Margrethe Røed (born 10 December 1976) is a Norwegian television presenter on NRK Barne-Tv and Super Barne-TV on the television and radio channel NRK Super.	Margrethe Røed	1976
date of birth	Sally Ann Triplett (born 15 April 1962, London, England), is a British singer and actress best known for her participation in two editions of the Eurovision Song Contest and many West End productions.	Sally Ann Triplett	15 April 1962
date of birth	Martin J. Lohse, M.D. born 26 August 1956, is a German physician and pharmacologist doing research on G protein-coupled receptors.	Martin J. Lohse	1956
date of birth	Nancy Padian (born 1952) is a medical researcher and executive director of the Women's Global Health Imperative at the University of California, San Francisco.	Nancy Padian	1952
date of birth	Roy Ascott (born 26 October 1934) is a British artist, who works with cybernetics and telematics, on an art which is technoetic, focusing on the impact of digital and telecommunications networks on consciousness.	Roy Ascott	26 October 1934
date of birth	Arthur Granville Bradley (11 November 1850, Rugby, Warwickshire -- 11 January 1943) was an historian and author of numerous books.	Arthur Granville Bradley	11 November 1850
date of birth	Alberto Jori (born 1965), is an Italian Neo-Aristotelian philosopher.	Alberto Jori	1965
date of birth	David Kollar (born 25 October 1983) is a Slovak experimental guitarist and composer.	David Kollar	25 October 1983
date of birth	Zvi Yair (Hebrew: צבי יאיר‎) is the pen-name of the Hebrew poet and Chassidic scholar, Rabbi Zvi Meir Steinmetz (Hebrew: צבי מאיר שטיינמץ‎; 1915--2005).	Zvi Yair	1915
date of birth	Denis Goldberg (born 11 April 1933) is a South African social campaigner, who was active in the struggle against apartheid and was imprisoned along with other key members of the anti-apartheid movement.	Denis Goldberg	11 April 1933
date of birth	Prince Henveyru Ganduvaru Manippulu, (al-Hassan 'Izz ud-din Henveyru Ganduvaru Manippulu) (1902--1938), the son of the Sultan Muhammad Shamsuddeen III. He was named the Crown Prince of the Maldives on February 8, 1931 by his father.	Henveyru Ganduvaru Manippulu	1902
date of birth	Lesley Choyce (born 21 March 1951 m. Linda Choyce ) is a Canadian author of novels, non-fiction, children's books, young adult novels,and poetry.	Lesley Choyce	21 March 1951
date of birth	Nigel Warburton (/ˈwɔrbərtən/; born 1962) is a British philosopher.	Nigel Warburton	1962
date of birth	Branko Bokun (1920--2011) was an author of in the fields of sociology and psychology.	Branko Bokun	1920
date of birth	Pedro Paulo da Silva or simply Pedro Paulo (born 29 June 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Uberlândia.	Pedro Paulo da Silva	29 June 1985
date of birth	Keith Baskin (born 15 December 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s and 1970s.	Keith Baskin	15 December 1945
date of birth	Dylan Mackin (born 15 January 1997) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a striker for Airdrieonians, on loan from Scottish Premiership club Motherwell.	Dylan Mackin	15 January 1997
date of birth	Ingrid Espelid Hovig (born 3 June 1924) is a Norwegian television chef and author of cook books.	Ingrid Espelid Hovig	3 June 1924
date of birth	Niko Pirosmani (Georgian: ნიკო ფიროსმანი), simply referred to as Nikala (ნიკალა) (1862--1918) was a Georgian primitivist painter.	Niko Pirosmani	1862
date of birth	Louis Fishauf (born 1949) is a Canadian award-winning graphic designer, art director and illustrator known for creating logos, magazines, websites, packaging and brand identities for such companies as Sympatico, Adbeast, Alias, Roots, Molson Breweries, Intact Insurance and Toronto Life.	Louis Fishauf	1949
date of birth	Jenna-Anne Buys (born 22 November 1985 in Johannesburg) is South African figure skater.	Jenna-Anne Buys	22 November 1985
date of birth	Haim Cohen-Meguri (Hebrew: חיים כהן-מגורי‎, born 1 April 1913, died 10 June 2000) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal.	Haim Cohen-Meguri	1 April 1913
date of birth	Djairo Guedes de Figueiredo (academic signature: D. G. De Figueiredo, born in 1934) is a Brazilian mathematician noted for his researches on differential equations, elliptic operators, and calculus of variations.	Djairo Guedes de Figueiredo	1934
date of birth	Rainer Bastuck (born 10 March 1960 in Lebach) is a German auto racing driver and entrepreneur.	Rainer Bastuck	10 March 1960
date of birth	Frederick Rollin Feitshans III (born 17 January 1937), known as Buzz Feitshans, is an American film producer best known for his work in the action field and his collaborations with John Milius and Carolco Pictures.	Buzz Feitshans	17 January 1937
date of birth	Muhammad Ashraf Bukhari (Urdu: محمد اشرف بخاری‎), also known as Syed Muhammad Ashraf Bukhari (born 20 March 1956) is an Indian Administrative Service officer of the Jammu and Kashmir cadre currently posted as Commissioner/Secretary, Agriculture Production Department Jammu and Kashmir.	Muhammad Ashraf Bukhari	20 March 1956
date of birth	Gerd Kjellaug Berge, née Lerum (born 20 March 1943) is a Norwegian hotelier and national business council leader.	Gerd Kjellaug Berge	20 March 1943
date of birth	Hugo Vandenberghe (born in 1942), is a Belgian politician and a professor at Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Law Faculty).	Hugo Vandenberghe	1942
date of birth	Delia Brown (born 1969) is a New York-based artist originally from California.	Delia Brown	1969
date of birth	John Mackie Falconer (1820--1903) was a Scottish-born American etcher, painter, and watercolorist.	John Mackie Falconer	1820
date of birth	Jiang Yefei (Chinese: 蔣 葉菲; born 22 February 1967) is a Chinese fencer.	Jiang Yefei	22 February 1967
date of birth	John Dupraz (born 8 July 1945 in Geneva) is a Swiss politician and member of the National Council from the Canton of Geneva until 2007.	John Dupraz	8 July 1945
date of birth	Boddhiya Baduge Dilan Priyanjan Anslam Perera (born 19 April 1962) (known as Dilan Perera), MP is the former Sri Lankan Non-Cabinet Minister of Port Development.	Dilan Perera	19 April 1962
date of birth	Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ (born 1976) is a Turkish professional athlete who was suspended because of his sexuality.	Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ	1976
date of birth	Fabiano de Lima Campos Maria (born 24 November 1985), simply known as Fabiano, is a Brazilian football player who is currently playing for LASK Linz in Austria.	Fabiano de Lima Campos Maria	24 November 1985
date of birth	Carol Tyler (born 1951) is an American painter, educator, comedian, and Eisner Award-nominated cartoonist known for her autobiographical stories.	Carol Tyler	1951
date of birth	Aram Van Ballaert (29 May 1971) is a Belgian guitarist and composer who is active since 1988.	Aram Van Ballaert	29 May 1971
date of birth	Jennifer Abod (born 1946) is an American feminist activist, musician and journalist.	Jennifer Abod	1946
date of birth	Rinaldo Nocentini (born 25 September 1977) is an Italian racing cyclist with UCI ProTour team AG2R La Mondiale.	Rinaldo Nocentini	25 September 1977
date of birth	William Dudley Collard (1907-1963) was a British barrister and writer on law in the Soviet Union.	Dudley Collard	1907
date of birth	Lamine N'Diaye (born 18 October 1956) is a Senegalese football coach and former player who is the technical director of Congolese club side TP Mazembe.	Lamine N'Diaye	18 October 1956
date of birth	Lillian Harris Dean (1870--1929) was an African-American cook and entrepreneur who became a minor national celebrity in the 1920s for bringing the cuisine of Harlem to national attention.	Lillian Harris Dean	1870
date of birth	Simon Laner (born 28 January 1984) is an Italian footballer, winner of the European Cup with the Italian U-19 national team.	Simon Laner	28 January 1984
date of birth	Bartolomeo d'Alviano (1455--1515) was an Italian condottiero and captain who distinguished himself in the defence of the Venetian Republic against the Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian.	Bartolomeo d'Alviano	1455
date of birth	Nina Nesbitt (born 11 July 1994) is a Scottish singer-songwriter and musician, best known for her single, ``Stay Out'', which peaked at No. 21 on the UK Singles Chart in April 2013, becoming her first top 40 single.	Nina Nesbitt	11 July 1994
date of birth	Artem Chesakov (Russian: Артем Чесаков; born 20 October 1993) is a Russian diver.	Artem Chesakov	20 October 1993
date of birth	Graeme MacKay (born 1968) is the Hamilton Spectator's resident editorial cartoonist.	Graeme MacKay	1968
date of birth	Jill Filipovic (born c. 1983) is a New York attorney and feminist author.	Jill Filipovic	1983
date of birth	Mary H. Herbert (born 1957) is an American fantasy writer, author of the Dark Horse series and several Dragonlance novels.	Mary H. Herbert	1957
date of birth	Richard W. Fisher (born 1949) is the former President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, having assumed that post in April 2005 and retired in 2015.	Richard W. Fisher	1949
date of birth	Carin Koch (née Hjalmarsson) (born 23 February 1971) is a Swedish professional golfer who plays on the Ladies European Tour and on the U.S. based LPGA Tour.	Carin Koch	23 February 1971
date of birth	Povl Goltermann Olsen Søndergaard, usually known as Povl Søndergaard, (4 June 1905, Ringsted -- 19 September 1986, Frederikssund) was a Danish sculptor.	Povl Søndergaard	4 June 1905
date of birth	Wesley Barbosa De Morais (born 10 November 1981, in São Paulo), known simply as Wesley, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense.	Wesley Barbosa De Morais	10 November 1981
date of birth	Archana Jose Kavi (born 4 January 1990), better known by her stage name Archana Kavi, is an Indian film actress and a television host.	Archana Kavi	4 January 1990
date of birth	Dr. Hiew King Cheu (simplified Chinese: 邱庆洲; traditional Chinese: 邱慶州; pinyin: Chiū Chìng Zhōu; born 1 March 1952) is a Malaysian politician.	Hiew King Cheu	1 March 1952
date of birth	Marisa Del Frate (11 March 1931 -- 5 February 2015) was an Italian actress, singer and television personality.	Marisa Del Frate	11 March 1931
date of birth	Ragini Dwivedi (born 24 May 1990) is an Indian film actress and model who appears in South Indian cinema, but primarily in Kannada cinema.	Ragini Dwivedi	24 May 1990
date of birth	Carlos Gustavo Rosado Muñoz (1941--2013) was a notable Mexican businessman, mathematician and scholar.	Carlos Gustavo Rosado Muñoz	1941
date of birth	Subhash Verma is a retired Indian wrestler born on 15 July 1968 at village Malakpur, Baghpat, UP.	Subhash Verma	15 July 1968
date of birth	Tavin Marin Titus (born 1971) is a film producer who has worked on a projects of a diverse budget range from blockbusters The Day After Tomorrow, Independence Day and Godzilla to her more recent work producing Sci Fi Channel Original Movies including: ``Odysseus:	Tavin Marin Titus	1971
date of birth	Petr Jirmus (born 26 December 1957) is a Czech pilot.	Petr Jirmus	26 December 1957
date of birth	Petra Massey (born, 1966 in England) is a British actress, and a physical theatre performer in stage, film and television.	Petra Massey	1966
date of birth	Fred Sherry (b. 1948) is an American cellist who is particularly admired for his work as a chamber musician and concert soloist.	Fred Sherry	1948
date of birth	Mohamed Samraoui (born 1953) is a former member of the Algerian secret services (Intelligence and Security Directorate, DRS) who wrote a book claiming that the DRS had been involved in torture and extralegal killings, and had manipulated the Armed Islamic Groups on a large scale to commit further massacres.	Mohamed Samraoui	1953
date of birth	Patrick Hayman (1915 -- 1988) was an English artist who worked in a variety of media including painting, drawing and three-dimensional constructions.	Patrick Hayman	1915
date of birth	Peter Schaap (born 24 October 1946 in Groningen) is a Dutch singer and writer.	Peter Schaap	24 October 1946
date of birth	Xu Huanshan (born 13 July 1937) is a Chinese actor and occasional film director.	Xu Huanshan	13 July 1937
date of birth	Russ Bellant (born 1949) is a journalist, political activist, and author.	Russ Bellant	1949
date of birth	Pashupati Paneru (born 20 July 1982 in Dhangadhi, Kailali) is a retired Nepalese badminton player who featured in single and double events in National and the International tournaments.	Pashupati Paneru	20 July 1982
date of birth	Yolanda Murphy (born 1925 in New York) is a cultural anthropologist who is the co-author of classic anthropology text Women of the Forest with her husband, Robert F. Murphy.	Yolanda Murphy	1925
date of birth	İsmail Hakkı Karadayı (born 1932 in Çankırı) is a retired Turkish general, who became the 20th Commander of the Turkish Armed Forces on 30 August 1993.	İsmail Hakkı Karadayı	1932
date of birth	Dampalage Shehan Naveendra Fonseka Gunawardene Jayasuriya, or commonly Shehan Jayasuriya (born on 12 September 1991), is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Shehan Jayasuriya	12 September 1991
date of birth	Tadashi Fukushima (born 29 September 1964) is a retired long-distance runner from Japan, whose personal best in the men's 10,000 metres was 28:29.29, achieved at the 1993 World Championships.	Tadashi Fukushima	29 September 1964
date of birth	Govinda II (774--780 CE) was an emperor of the Rashtrakuta Empire after Krishna I. The eldest son of Krishna I, Govinda II left the administration to his younger brother Dhruva Dharavarsha who also known as Nirupama.	Govinda II	774
date of birth	General Arturo Puga Osorio (1879-1970), was a Chilean military officer and Chairman of Government Junta in 1932.	Arturo Puga	1879
date of birth	Filip Stiller (born 1 June 1982 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish figure skater who competed in men's singles.	Filip Stiller	1 June 1982
date of birth	Joseph Moskowitz (1879 -- June 27, 1954) was a Romanian-born Jewish cymbalum player, son of a folk klezmer cimbalist.	Joseph Moskowitz	1879
date of birth	Francis Sedley Andrus LVO (26 February 1915 -- 9 November 2009) was a long-serving English officer of arms who was Beaumont Herald of Arms Extraordinary.	Sedley Andrus	26 February 1915
date of birth	Tenniel Chu (born 1976), from Hong Kong, is the Vice Chairman of Mission Hills Group, owner and operator of the Mission Hills golf and leisure resorts in Shenzhen and on the island of Hainan, China.	Tenniel Chu	1976
date of birth	Reynolds Webb (14 April 1900 -- 22 June 1989) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Reynolds Webb	14 April 1900
date of birth	Giuseppe Mariotti (1963-) is an Italian classical pianist.	Giuseppe Mariotti	1963
date of birth	Peter Nazareth (born 27 April 1940) is a Ugandan-born critic and writer of fiction and drama.	Peter Nazareth	27 April 1940
date of birth	Dorothy Jordan Lloyd (1 May 1889 - 21 November 1946 ) was an early protein scientist who studied the interactions of water with proteins, particularly gelatin.	Dorothy Jordan Lloyd	1 May 1889
date of birth	Christopher Bartle (born 19 February 1952 in Harrogate, North Yorkshire) is a British equestrian who has enjoyed success in both Dressage and Eventing.	Christopher Bartle	19 February 1952
date of birth	Sanford M. Jacoby (born 1953) is an American economic historian and labor economist, and Distinguished Professor of Management, History, and Public Policy at UCLA Anderson School of Management.	Sanford M. Jacoby	1953
date of birth	Liu Chieh (Chinese: 劉鍇; 1905 -- 12 February 1991) was a diplomat of the Republic of China.	Liu Chieh	1905
date of birth	Debra Lawrance (born 1 January 1957) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Pippa Ross on Home and Away, which she played from 1990 to 1998.	Debra Lawrance	1 January 1957
date of birth	Saint Cybard (504--81) was a monk and a hermit who inhabited a cave beneath the walls of Angoulême for forty-four (44) years.	Saint Cybard	504
date of birth	Hunter Hancock (1916 -- August 4, 2004) was a white American disc jockey regarded as the first in the Western United States to play rhythm and blues records on the radio, and among the first to broadcast rock and roll.	Hunter Hancock	1916
date of birth	Christian Andersen (born 27 November 1987) better known as Klumben is a Copenhagen-based Danish dancehall / hip hop / reggae act.	Klumben	27 November 1987
date of birth	Aljoša Buha (born 4 January 1962 -- 18 September 1986) was a Bosnian musician best known for having played in two bands:	Aljoša Buha	4 January 1962
date of birth	Abdullah Nooruddeen Durkee was born 1938 in Warwick, New York, as Stephen Durkee.	Nooruddeen Durkee	1938
date of birth	Eve Joseph (born 1953) is a Canadian poet and author.	Eve Joseph	1953
date of birth	Mgr. Zacchaeus Okoth (born 5 July 1942) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Kisumu in Kenya.	Zacchaeus Okoth	5 July 1942
date of birth	Watson Nyambek (born 27 February 1976) from Miri, Sarawak is a Malaysian sprinter.	Watson Nyambek	27 February 1976
date of birth	Harriette Campbell (August 1817 -- 15 February 1841) was a writer.	Harriette Campbell	1817
date of birth	Hugh III of Cyprus (1235 -- 24 March 1284), born Hugues de Poitiers, later Hugues de Lusignan (he adopted his mother's surname de Lusignan in 1267), called the Great, was the King of Cyprus from 1267 and King of Jerusalem from 1268 (as Hugh I of Jerusalem).	Hugh III of Cyprus	1235
date of birth	James Colebrooke Patterson (Gorge Washatine), PC (1839 -- February 17, 1929) was a Canadian politician.	James Colebrooke Patterson	1839
date of birth	Frank Laskier (1912 -- 8 July 1949) was a British seaman who came to public attention during World War II. In late 1940, Laskier was a gunner in the Merchant Navy when his ship was attacked and sunk by a German raider off the coast of West Africa.	Frank Laskier	1912
date of birth	Domingo Esteso (1882--1937) was a luthier who trained under Manuel Ramírez.	Domingo Esteso	1882
date of birth	Antonio Cezar Peluso (3 September 1942) is a Brazilian jurist.	Cezar Peluso	3 September 1942
date of birth	Oren Lavie (Hebrew: אורן לביא) (born 1976) is an Israeli singer, songwriter, playwright, and theatre director.	Oren Lavie	1976
date of birth	Martijn Spierenburg (born 30 January 1975) is a composer and arranger.	Martijn Spierenburg	30 January 1975
date of birth	Thierry Gillet (born 20 December 1969) is a top French jockey who won the 2004 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe aboard Bago, a thoroughbred race horse he has ridden in 14 of his career starts.	Thierry Gillet	20 December 1969
date of birth	Gian Carlo Capicchioni (born 19 February 1956) is a Sammarinese politician who served as a Captain Regent for a 6-month term in 2013 and 2014, alongside Anna Maria Muccioli.	Gian Carlo Capicchioni	19 February 1956
date of birth	Albert Edward Ismail Yelda (Syriac: ܐܠܒܪܬ ܐܕܘܪܕ ܐܝܣܡܥܝܠ ܝܠܕܐ) (born 1959 Ramadi, Iraq ) is Iraq's ambassador to the Vatican.	Albert Edward Ismail Yelda	1959
date of birth	Alex Alben (born New York City, 1958), American politician, author and technology executive, was named the first Chief Privacy Officer of Washington State in April 2015.	Alex Alben	1958
date of birth	``Battling'' Barbara Buttrick (born 1930) was a world champion in women's boxing in the 1940s and 1950s.	Barbara Buttrick	1930
date of birth	Ionuț Ciobanu (born 23 September 1984 Bucharest) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Mulhouse Handball Sud Alsace and the Romanian national team.	Ionuț Ciobanu	23 September 1984
date of birth	Seyed Kamal Kharazi (Persian: کمال خرازی‎‎, born 1 December 1944) is an Iranian politician and diplomat who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 20 August 1997 to 24 August 2005 as appointed by President Mohammad Khatami serving for eight years.	Kamal Kharazi	1 December 1944
date of birth	Jed Mercurio (born 1966) is a British television writer-producer-director and novelist.	Jed Mercurio	1966
date of birth	Von Puttkamer was born Baron Marc Peter von Puttkamer, in Bonn, Germany in 1957.	Peter von Puttkamer	1957
date of birth	Kenneth Erskine (born July 1963) is a British serial killer who became known as the Stockwell Strangler.	Kenneth Erskine	July 1963
date of birth	Eva Padberg (born 27 January 1980) is a German fashion model, singer, and actress.	Eva Padberg	27 January 1980
date of birth	Ryan Pitylak (born 1982) is an American entrepreneur and chief executive officer of Unique Influence, a digital marketing consulting firm based in Austin, Texas.	Ryan Pitylak	1982
date of birth	Gonnabattula Chiranjeevi (born 17 June 1992) is an Indian first-class cricketer who plays for Andhra Pradesh.	Gonnabattula Chiranjeevi	17 June 1992
date of birth	Mauro Nesti (12 August 1935 -- 13 November 2013) was an Italian racecar driver, specializing in time trials on prototype sports cars.	Mauro Nesti	12 August 1935
date of birth	Sir Patrick Head (born 5 June 1946) is co-founder and former Engineering Director of the Williams Formula One team.	Patrick Head	5 June 1946
date of birth	Walter Gittins (1865 -- after 1890) was an English professional footballer who made 21 appearances in the Football Alliance playing for Small Heath.	Walter Gittins	1865
date of birth	Moji Afolayan (born February 5, 1969) is a Nigerian actress, film-maker, producer and director.	Moji Afolayan	1969
date of birth	Michał Majewski (born 23 February 1987) is a Polish foil fencer, team bronze medallist in the 2008 World Fencing Championships and bronze medallist in the 2012 European Fencing Championships.	Michał Majewski	23 February 1987
date of birth	Jack Cowart (born 1945) is the current head of the Lichtenstein Foundation.	Jack Cowart	1945
date of birth	Sarah Monzani (born in 1949) is a make-up artist.	Sarah Monzani	1949
date of birth	Spike Hawkins (born 1943) is a British poet, best known for his ``Three Pig Poems'', included in his one book, the Fulcrum Press collection The Lost Fire-Brigade (1968).	Spike Hawkins	1943
date of birth	Dana Gillespie (born Richenda Antoinette de Winterstein Gillespie, 30 March 1949) is an English actress, singer and songwriter.	Dana Gillespie	30 March 1949
date of birth	Willard Bowsky (1907 -- November 27, 1944) was an American animator best known for his work at Fleischer Studios in New York City and Miami, Florida, where he worked on cartoons featuring Betty Boop, Popeye the Sailor, and Superman, in addition to two feature-length animated films.	Willard Bowsky	1907
date of birth	Anna Anderson (16 December 1896 -- 12 February 1984) was the best known of several impostors who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia.	Anna Anderson	16 December 1896
date of birth	Elaine Le Breton (1897--?) was a French physiologist known for her studies of cellular nutrition and the development of cancer cells.	Elaine Le Breton	1897
date of birth	Dirk van Dalen (born 20 December 1932, Amsterdam) is a Dutch mathematician and historian of science.	Dirk van Dalen	20 December 1932
date of birth	Eric Drache (born 1943) is a professional poker player, former cardroom manager and consultant for NBC.	Eric Drache	1943
date of birth	Jamshid Mashayekhi (Persian: جمشید مشایخی ‎, born 26 November 1934) is an Iranian actor in Iranian cinema.	Jamshid Mashayekhi	26 November 1934
date of birth	Peggy Makins (1916-2011) was an English agony aunt, who wrote for Woman magazine under the pen name Evelyn Home.	Peggy Makins	1916
date of birth	Michèle Laframboise (born July 14, 1960) is a Canadian science fiction writer and comics artist.	Michèle Laframboise	1960
date of birth	Stephen A. Webb (born 28 November 1958) is Professor of Social Work at Glasgow Caledonian University in Scotland.	Stephen A. Webb	28 November 1958
date of birth	Oulaya (Tunisian Arabic: علية‎‎; 4 November 1936 -- 19 March 1990), née Beya Bent Béchir Ben Hédi Rahal, was a Tunisian singer and actress.	Oulaya	4 November 1936
date of birth	Alan Pell Crawford (born 1953) is an American author and journalist who, in his books and articles, has written on the period of the United States' founding and the American conservative tradition.	Alan Pell Crawford	1953
date of birth	Philip Ashley Taylor Dawson (born 11 January 1982), known as Ashley Taylor Dawson, is an English actor and singer.	Ashley Taylor Dawson	11 January 1982
date of birth	Blaze Bayley (born Bayley Alexander Cooke, 29 May 1963) is an English singer, musician, songwriter, and lyricist.	Blaze Bayley	29 May 1963
date of birth	Samuel Wilbore (c. 1595--1656) was one of the founding settlers of Portsmouth in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	Samuel Wilbore	1595
date of birth	Captain Allyn K. Capron (1871--1898) was the first United States Army officer to die in the Spanish--	Allyn K. Capron	1871
date of birth	Kevin Hales (born 13 January 1961) is a football coach.	Kevin Hales	13 January 1961
date of birth	John Ruthven, 3rd Earl of Gowrie (c. 1577 -- 5 August 1600) was a Scottish nobleman who succeeded his brother, James, the 2nd Earl, as Earl of Gowrie following James' death in 1586.	John Ruthven, 3rd Earl of Gowrie	1577
date of birth	Eric Low Siak Meng (simplified Chinese: 刘锡明; traditional Chinese: 劉錫明; pinyin: Líu Xīmíng, born 1948) is a Singaporean politician and a member of the country's governing People's Action Party (PAP).	Eric Low	1948
date of birth	Markus Wittner (born 2 March 1973) is an Austrian freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline.	Markus Wittner	2 March 1973
date of birth	Warwick Fairfax (born December 1960) is an Australian businessman and consultant based in the United States.	Warwick Fairfax	December 1960
date of birth	Ante Kulušić (born 6 June 1986) is a football player who plays for Balıkesirspor in Turkey.	Ante Kulušić	6 June 1986
date of birth	Andrea Antonelli (17 January 1988 -- 21 July 2013) was an Italian motorcycle racer.	Andrea Antonelli	17 January 1988
date of birth	David Benkof (born David Bianco in 1970) is an American political commentator and entrepreneur.	David Benkof	1970
date of birth	Orozimbo Barbosa (March 5, 1838 -- August 28, 1891) was a Chilean politician and military figure who played a major role in the Occupation of the Araucanía (1861--1883), the War of the Pacific (1879--1883) and the Chilean Civil War (1891).	Orozimbo Barbosa	1838
date of birth	Rosa A. González, RN, (1889 -- July 25, 1981) was a nurse, author, feminist and activist.	Rosa A. González	1889
date of birth	Edward Richard Wright (1813--1859) was an English comedian and actor.	Edward Richard Wright	1813
date of birth	Augusto Volpini (1832 -- 1911 or 1923) was an Italian painter, mainly genre paintings and portraits.	Augusto Volpini	1832
date of birth	Josefine Cronholm (born 1971) is a celebrated Swedish jazz vocalist and singer/songwriter, who has won numerous awards.	Josefine Cronholm	1971
date of birth	Dorota Krzysztofek (born 1980) is a Polish glamour model from Szczecin modeling for men's magazines such as CKM.	Dorota Krzysztofek	1980
date of birth	Alberto Dell'Acqua (born 14 March 1938) is an Italian body double and actor.	Alberto Dell'Acqua	1938
date of birth	Matthew Chadwick (born 12 Jul 1990) is a horse racing jockey in Hong Kong.	Matthew Chadwick	1990
date of birth	Kirsti Lay (born 7 April 1988) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist and former speed skater.	Kirsti Lay	7 April 1988
date of birth	Daniel Rono (born 13 July 1978) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in marathon races.	Daniel Rono	13 July 1978
date of birth	Chen He (simplified Chinese: 陈赫; traditional Chinese: 陳赫; pinyin: Chén Hè; born 9 November 1985), also known as Michael Chen, is a Chinese actor.	Chen He	9 November 1985
date of birth	Johannes Boersma (5 December 1937 Marrum -- 29 November 2004 Eindhoven) was a Dutch mathematician who specialized in mathematical analysis.	Johannes Boersma	5 December 1937
date of birth	Najm Afandi (1893--1975) نجم آفندی was an important Urdu poet of his time who had numerous budding poets as his disciples.	Najm Afandi	1893
date of birth	Harry Alonzo Longabaugh (1867 -- November 7, 1908), better known as the Sundance Kid, was an outlaw and member of Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch in the American Old West.	Sundance Kid	1867
date of birth	Qazi Muhammad Yousaf (1 September 1883 -- 4 January 1963) was a notable companion of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad.	Qazi Muhammad Yousaf	1 September 1883
date of birth	Lew Yih Wey (born 27 June 1991) is a Malaysian swimmer, who specialised in long-distance freestyle, backstroke, and individual medley events.	Lew Yih Wey	27 June 1991
date of birth	Beth Nyambura Mbaya, known professionally as Wanade (c. 1943 -- May 10, 2013) was a Kenyan television actress.	Wanade	1943
date of birth	Manogaran s/o Marimuthu (born 14 July 1959) commonly referred to as M. Manogaran is a Malaysian politician.	M. Manogaran	14 July 1959
date of birth	Lucius Fulvius Gaius Bruttius Praesens Laberius Maximus Polyonymus (c. 119 -- after 180) was a prominent Roman senator and twice consul during the reigns of Roman emperors Antoninus Pius, Marcus Aurelius and Commodus.	Gaius Bruttius Praesens	119
date of birth	Arthur Hudgell (born 28 December 1920 -- died 2000 aged 79 or 80) was an English former footballer who played for Sunderland and Crystal Palace as a full back.	Arthur Hudgell	28 December 1920
date of birth	Alek Wek (born 16 April 1977) is a South Sudanese British model and designer who began her fashion career at the age of 18 in 1995.	Alek Wek	16 April 1977
date of birth	Safa Abdulla Al Geabury (born 5 June 1963) is a Swiss billionaire, the owner of Safaforex S.A. (formerly Billionaire S.A.), who made his money in foreign currency dealing and trading in precious stones and jewellery.	Safa Abdulla Al Geabury	5 June 1963
date of birth	Sir George Henry Rose GCH (1771 -- 17 June 1855) was a British politician and diplomat.	George Henry Rose	1771
date of birth	Kevin Byers (born 23 August 1979) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Raith Rovers, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, Montrose, Forfar Athletic and Brechin City.	Kevin Byers	23 August 1979
date of birth	Chris Rudge (born 1945) is a Canadian business executive.	Chris Rudge	1945
date of birth	Timothy Headington (born 1950) is the CEO of Headington Oil, a film producer, and real estate developer.	Timothy Headington	1950
date of birth	Bernard Sulzberger (born 5 December 1983) is an Australian professional racing cyclist, currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling.	Bernard Sulzberger	5 December 1983
date of birth	Václav Halama (also Wenzel Halama, born 4 November 1940) is a Czech retired footballer and coach.	Václav Halama	4 November 1940
date of birth	Kathryn Bache Miller (1896 -- October 15, 1979) was an American art collector and philanthropist.	Kathryn Bache Miller	1896
date of birth	Paul Darrow (born Paul Valentine Birkby on 2 May 1941) is an English actor best known for his portrayal of Kerr Avon in the BBC science fiction television series Blake's 7.	Paul Darrow	2 May 1941
date of birth	Morgan Yasbincek (born 1964) is a contemporary Australian poet, novelist and academic.	Morgan Yasbincek	1964
date of birth	Wael Saqqa (born 1956) is a Jordanian architect, and Chairman of the Jordan Engineering Association.	Wael Saqqa	1956
date of birth	Sheilagh Kesting (born 10 June 1953) is a Scottish minister of the Church of Scotland.	Sheilagh Kesting	10 June 1953
date of birth	Geoff Hannan is a British composer and musician born in London in 1972 to Irish parents.	Geoff Hannan	1972
date of birth	Jón Guðni Fjóluson (born 10 April 1989) is an Icelandic football player, currently playing for IFK Norrköping in Sweden.	Jón Guðni Fjóluson	10 April 1989
date of birth	Maximilian Karl Albert, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort (14 July 1656 -- 26 December March 1718) was an Austrian military officer and the first Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort.	Maximilian Karl Albert, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort	14 July 1656
date of birth	Joseph Kevin Keegan, OBE (born 14 February 1951) is an English former football player and manager.	Kevin Keegan	14 February 1951
date of birth	Dragan Pavlović Latas (Macedonian: Драган Павловиќ Латас, born 1960, Skopje) is a Macedonian journalist of Serbian descent.	Dragan Pavlović Latas	1960
date of birth	David Ian Lane (born 1961), is a former actor and now a theatre producer who The Stage has called ``the most powerful man in UK theatre''.	David Ian	1961
date of birth	Ibrahim Geidam was born on 15 September 1956 in Bukarti village, Yunusari local government area in the old Borno, now Yobe state.	Ibrahim Geidam	15 September 1956
date of birth	Mikail Albayrak (born 6 April 1992) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Altay SK.	Mikail Albayrak	6 April 1992
date of birth	William Litton Viner (14 May 1790 -- 24 July 1867) was an organist and composer of church music.	William Litton Viner	1790
date of birth	Isabella Cervoni (Colle Val d'Elsa, 1575--1600) was an Italian poet of the Counter-Reformation period, active between 1590 and 1600.	Isabella Cervoni	1575
date of birth	Anton Podbevšek (13 June 1898 -- 14 November 1981) was a Slovenian avant-garde poet.	Anton Podbevšek	13 June 1898
date of birth	Sybella Mary Crawley-Boevey was born in 1851 at Flaxley Abbey, Gloucestershire, the youngest daughter of Sir Martin Hyde Crawley-Boevey, 4th Baronet.	Sybella Mary Crawley-Boevey	1851
date of birth	Kim Hwang-sik (Hangul: 김황식; hanja: 金滉植; born 9 August 1948) is a South Korean lawyer and politician who became the country's Prime Minister on 1 October 2010.	Kim Hwang-sik	9 August 1948
date of birth	Rick Lawson (born 1973, Raymond, Mississippi, United States) is an American soul, blues and R&B singer.	Rick Lawson	1973
date of birth	Don Frank Brooks (8 March 1947 Dallas, Texas -- 25 October 2000 Manhattan, New York) was an American blues harmonica performing artist.	Don Frank Brooks	8 March 1947
date of birth	Edmund Waring (c 1638 - 1687) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1687.	Edmund Waring	1638
date of birth	Dromtön or Dromtönpa Gyelwé Jungné (Tibetan: འབྲོམ་སྟོན་པ་རྒྱལ་བའི་འབྱུང་གནས་, 1004 or 1005--1064) was the chief disciple of the Buddhist master Atiśa, the initiator of the Kadam school of Tibetan Buddhism and the founder of Reting Monastery.	Dromtön	1005
date of birth	David Tristram (born 1957, Quarry Bank, UK) is an English comic playwright.	David Tristram	1957
date of birth	Gunter Schöbel (born 15 July 1959 in Stuttgart) is a German archaeologist and director of the Pfahlbau Museum Unteruhldingen.	Gunter Schöbel	15 July 1959
date of birth	Vladimir Antyufeyev (Russian: Владимир Антюфéев), also known under the assumed name Vadim Shevtsov (born 19 February 1951) is a former Soviet OMON police officer who was one of organizers of the attempt to overthrow the Latvian government in 1991.	Vladimir Antyufeyev	19 February 1951
date of birth	Tanja Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Тања Савић; born 20 March 1985) is a Serbian pop-folk singer.	Tanja Savić	20 March 1985
date of birth	Xin Huguang (16 October 1933 -- 17 October 2011) was a modern Chinese composer.	Xin Huguang	16 October 1933
date of birth	Ron Willey (1929--2004) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach.	Ron Willey	1929
date of birth	Anne Ojales Curtis-Smith (born 17 February 1985), also known as Anne Curtis-Smith or simply Anne Curtis, is a Filipino-Australian actress, television host, recording artist, and VJ in the Philippines.	Anne Curtis	17 February 1985
date of birth	Dan McFarland (born 10 April 1972 in Oxfordshire, England) is an English rugby union coach working in Scotland.	Dan McFarland	10 April 1972
date of birth	Charley Turner (1 January 1862 -- 13 August 1913) was an African American boxer who claimed to be the colored middleweight champion of the World in the Gay Nineties.	Charley Turner	1 January 1862
date of birth	Donna Hartley-Wass MBE, born Donna-Marie Louise Murray and formerly known as Donna Hartley (1 May 1955 -- 7 June 2013), was a British athlete.	Donna Hartley	1 May 1955
date of birth	Mark Churella, Sr. (born c. 1957) is a former American wrestler and collegiate wrestling coach.	Mark Churella	1957
date of birth	Iker Hernández Ezkerro (Born 8 April 1994) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Barakaldo CF on loan from Real Sociedad as a striker.	Iker Hernández	8 April 1994
date of birth	Vicki Funk (born 1947) is a Senior Research Botanist and Curator at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History.	Vicki Funk	1947
date of birth	Katie Kerwin McCrimmon (born 1965 in Denver, Colorado) is a journalist and former reporter/analyst for ESPN.	Katie Kerwin McCrimmon	1965
date of birth	Ole Forsing (born 23 July 1942) is a Danish former amateur football (soccer) player, who played for B 1903 in Denmark.	Ole Forsing	23 July 1942
date of birth	Högna Sigurðardóttir (born 1929, Vestmannaeyjar) is a leading Icelandic architect.	Högna Sigurðardóttir	1929
date of birth	Will Friedwald (born 1961) is an American author and music critic.	Will Friedwald	1961
date of birth	Lawrence Scott (born in Trinidad, 1943) is an award-winning novelist and short-story writer from Trinidad & Tobago, who divides his time between London and Port of Spain.	Lawrence Scott	1943
date of birth	Ode Ogede (often O.S Ogede, Ode S. Ogede) (born 1956) is a Nigerian-born United States academic who is professor of African literature at North Carolina Central University and was a lecturer at Ahmadu Bello University.	Ode Ogede	1956
date of birth	Mika Helin (born 7 April 1978) is a Finnish former footballer who currently works as a player-coach with Kiffen.	Mika Helin	7 April 1978
date of birth	Kimberly Johnson (born 1971) is an American poet and Renaissance scholar.	Kimberly Johnson	1971
date of birth	Roger Doughty (1868 -- 19 December 1914) was a Welsh association footballer who played as an outside left for Druids before joining Newton Heath in June 1886.	Roger Doughty	1868
date of birth	Jay Lyon (born Brent Tuhtan on 14 June 1984) is an Australian model and musician in the band Tamarama, and is also a reality TV star who appeared in The Hills and The City, television series.	Jay Lyon	14 June 1984
date of birth	Richard McCulloch (born 1949) is an American author who has written several books advocating racial independence.	Richard McCulloch	1949
date of birth	Neville Dickie (born 1 January 1937, Durham) is an English boogie-woogie and stride piano player.	Neville Dickie	1 January 1937
date of birth	Méziane Idjerouidène (born June 1980 in Paris) has been since 2008 managing director of French domestic airline Aigle Azur, owned and led by his father.	Méziane Idjerouidène	1980
date of birth	Wong Jan-lung (born 1950), better known by his pseudonym Wong Yuk-long or Tony Wong, is a Hong Kong manhua artist, publisher and actor, who wrote and created Little Rascals (later re-titled Oriental Heroes) and Weapons of the Gods.	Wong Yuk-long	1950
date of birth	Andrzej Elżanowski (born 21 January 1950) is a Polish paleontologist and vertebrate zoologist specializing in bird phylogeny.	Andrzej Elżanowski	21 January 1950
date of birth	Navjit Singh (born 1 July 1991), known as Navjit is an integral part of current India men's national volleyball team.	Navjit Singh	1 July 1991
date of birth	John Breckin (born 27 July 1953 in Sheffield, England) is an English footballer who played as a left-back.	John Breckin	27 July 1953
date of birth	Ieuan Rhys Williams (born 1909), was a Welsh film, radio and television actor.	Ieuan Rhys Williams	1909
date of birth	Gerry Monroe (20 January 1933 -- October 1989) was an English pop singer, who enjoyed brief popularity in the early 1970s.	Gerry Monroe	20 January 1933
date of birth	Adam Jacot de Boinod (born 1960) is a British author, notable for his works about unusual words.	Adam Jacot de Boinod	1960
date of birth	Manuel Mejía Vallejo (23 April 1923 -- 23 July 1998), was a Colombian writer and journalist.	Manuel Mejía Vallejo	23 April 1923
date of birth	Franz Mehring was born 27 February 1846 in Schlawe, Pomerania, the son of a bourgeois family.	Franz Mehring	27 February 1846
date of birth	Sam Sallon (born 6 January 1980) is an English musician, singer and songwriter.	Sam Sallon	6 January 1980
date of birth	Carles Font-Rossell (born 26 December 1967), in Canillo, Andorra was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Andorra and, from 14 March 2008, he was also Ambassador of Andorra to the United States.	Carles Font-Rossell	26 December 1967
date of birth	J. A. van Aalst (14 October 1858 -- after 1914) was a Belgian customs and postal officer in China, known for chronicling the history of Chinese music and dance.	J. A. van Aalst	14 October 1858
date of birth	Scott Mariani (born 1 January 1968) is a British Sunday Times bestselling author, best known for his thriller novels about ex-SAS Major and former theology student, Ben Hope.	Scott Mariani	1968
date of birth	Norman Cardew (born 7 November 1938) is an English former footballer who made six appearances in the Football League for Darlington.	Norman Cardew	7 November 1938
date of birth	Mangkunegara IV (1809--1881) was the fourth ruler of Mangkunegaran, a small Principality based in Surakarta, Java, ruling from 1853-1881.	Mangkunegara IV	1809
date of birth	Sumarsam (born 27 July 1944) is a Javanese musician and scholar of the gamelan.	Sumarsam	1944
date of birth	Jeffrey Hunker (1957-2013) was an American cyber security consultant and writer.	Jeffrey Hunker	1957
date of birth	Andrew Leonard (born 1962) is an American journalist who writes features articles for San Francisco and contributes to Medium.	Andrew Leonard	1962
date of birth	Tim Sandlin (born 1950) is an American novelist and screenwriter.	Tim Sandlin	1950
date of birth	Tamara Keith (born September 25, 1980) is a radio reporter, host and producer.	Tamara Keith	1980
date of birth	Carlyle A. Luer (born August 23, 1922) is a botanist specializing in the Orchidaceae.	Carlyle A. Luer	1922
date of birth	Đorđije Ćetković (Cyrillic: Ђорђије Ћетковић, born 1 March 1983) is a Montenegrin international footballer playing with FK Bežanija in the Serbian First League.	Đorđije Ćetković	1 March 1983
date of birth	Johann Carl Megerle von Mühlfeld was a scientist and zoologist who lived from 1765 to 1842.	Johann Carl Megerle von Mühlfeld	1765
date of birth	Radoslav Látal (born 6 January 1970) is a former Czech football player and current football manager of Piast Gliwice.	Radoslav Látal	6 January 1970
date of birth	Joanne O'Callaghan born 1983 in Cork is a camogie player and pharmacy representative, winner of All Ireland medals in 2002, 2005, 2006, 2008 , 2009 and 2014.	Joanne O'Callaghan	1983
date of birth	Christelle Bulteau (married name Franquelin; born 23 July 1963) is a former French track and field athlete specialising in the sprints.	Christelle Bulteau	23 July 1963
date of birth	Andy Malcolm (4 May 1933 -- 26 December 2013) was an English professional footballer.	Andy Malcolm	4 May 1933
date of birth	Jack Golson (born 1926, England) is an archaeologist who has done extensive field work in Melanesia, Polynesia and Micronesia.	Jack Golson	1926
date of birth	Jesseca Liu Zi Xuan, stage-name Liu Zi Xuan 刘子绚, before Liu Zi Xuan actually is Liu Zhi Xuan 刘芷绚, real-name is Lao Chew Yen 刘秋雁, (born 13 February 1979), is a Malaysian and Singapore-based singer and actress.	Jesseca Liu	13 February 1979
date of birth	Maynard Amerine (1911--1998) was a pioneering researcher in the cultivation, fermentation, and sensory evaluation of wine.	Maynard Amerine	1911
date of birth	Graham Linehan (/ˈlɪnəhæn/; born 22 May 1968) is an Irish television comedy writer and director who, often in partnership with Arthur Mathews, has written or co-written a number of popular television comedies.	Graham Linehan	22 May 1968
date of birth	Laurent Neuville (born 15 July 1965) is a French swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle at the 1989 European Aquatics Championships.	Laurent Neuville	15 July 1965
date of birth	Born 1 February 1775 in Trondheim, Jochum Nicolay Müller was a Danish naval officer who, as a midshipman, excelled at mathematics.	Jochum Nicolay Müller	1 February 1775
date of birth	Erik Quisling (born 1971) is an American author, musician, filmmaker and entrepreneur.	Erik Quisling	1971
date of birth	Bajram Fetai (Macedonian: Бајрам Фетаи) (born 7 September 1985) is a Macedonian footballer of Albanian ethnicity, who currently plays for the Danish football club FC Roskilde.	Bajram Fetai	7 September 1985
date of birth	Alan Schechter (born 1936) is a Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Wellesley College in Massachusetts.	Alan Schechter	1936
date of birth	Alexandros Bracjani (born 7 April 1992) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Kavala FC in the Greek Football League	Alexandros Bracjani	7 April 1992
date of birth	Arsalan Fathipour (Persian: ‌‌ارسلان فتحی‌پور‎‎; born 1965) is an Iranian politician.	Arsalan Fathipour	1965
date of birth	Katy Gardner (born 1964) is a British author, best known for her novel Losing Gemma, which was turned into a two-part miniseries for ITV1 in 2006.	Katy Gardner	1964
date of birth	Christopher William Hunnemann or Christopher Wilhelm Hanneman (May 1755 -- 21 November 1793) was a British portrait painter.	Christopher William Hunneman	May 1755
date of birth	Virginia Tilley (born 1953) is an American political scientist specialising in the comparative study of ethnic and racial conflict.	Virginia Tilley	1953
date of birth	Daniel Morden (born 1964 in Cwmbran) is a Welsh storyteller in the oral tradition and a children's writer.	Daniel Morden	1964
date of birth	Dean L. Hubbard (born 1939) was the university president of Northwest Missouri State University from 1984 until 2009--the longest of any president in the school history.	Dean L. Hubbard	1939
date of birth	Janine Duvitski (born Christine Janine Drzewicki; June 1952) is an English actress, known for her roles as Jane Edwards in Waiting for God, Pippa Trench in One Foot in the Grave and Jacqueline Stewart in Benidorm.	Janine Duvitski	1952
date of birth	Charles James Kershaw was a businessman born in Burnley, Lancashire, England, in 1832.	Charles James Kershaw	1832
date of birth	Chris Duthy (born 19 June 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Chris Duthy	19 June 1961
date of birth	Hugh B. Scott (born 1949 in Amherst, New York) is a Magistrate Judge of United States District Court for the Western District of New York.	Hugh B. Scott	1949
date of birth	François Henry Monier also known as Babouse (born 8 May 1972) in Boulogne-sur-Mer is a cartoonist, journalist, Illustrator and author of comics.	Babouse	8 May 1972
date of birth	Évelyne de la Chenelière (born 1975) is a Canadian writer and actress.	Évelyne de la Chenelière	1975
date of birth	Eva Sayer (born 31 January 1997) is a British actress, best known for playing Cindy Williams in EastEnders in 2007.	Eva Sayer	31 January 1997
date of birth	Katiuscia Canoro (born December 4, 1978) is a Brazilian television and theater actress.	Katiuscia Canoro	1978
date of birth	Goda Butkutė (born 10 July 1999) is a Lithuanian pair skater.	Goda Butkutė	10 July 1999
date of birth	Henry T. Brush (August 9, 1849 -- July 15, 1879) was an American architect who practiced in Detroit, Michigan in the latter part of the 19th century.	Henry T. Brush	1849
date of birth	Dan Wieden (born 1945) Pronounced ``Why-den,'' is an American advertising executive who co-founded Wieden+Kennedy and coined the Nike tagline ``Just Do It.''	Dan Wieden	1945
date of birth	John Seaward (January 1786 - March 26, 1858) was a British civil engineer and mechanical engineer.	John Seaward	January 1786
date of birth	Gauri Khan (born Gauri Chibber on 8 October 1970), is an Indian film producer and interior designer.	Gauri Khan	8 October 1970
date of birth	Kanchi Wichmann (born 1974) is a BAFTA-nominated British filmmaker, best known for the lesbian feature Break My Fall (2011) which was listed as one of ten great lesbian films to watch by the British Film Institute.	Kanchi Wichmann	1974
date of birth	Bahadır Baruter (born 1963) is Turkish caricaturist and one of the founders of the L-manyak, Penguen, Lombak cartoon magazines.	Bahadır Baruter	1963
date of birth	Karl-Josef Assenmacher (born 30 May 1947) is a former German referee.	Karl-Josef Assenmacher	30 May 1947
date of birth	Sir Francis Throckmorton (1554 -- July 1584) was a conspirator against Queen Elizabeth I of England in the Throckmorton Plot.	Francis Throckmorton	1554
date of birth	Anthony Anaxagorou (born March 1983) is a British born poet and writer.	Anthony Anaxagorou	1983
date of birth	John Spalvins, born Janis Gunnars Spalvins, in 1936, in Latvia, was Managing Director of the Adelaide Steamship Company from 1977 until the company's collapse in 1991.	John Spalvins	1936
date of birth	Nathan Tinkler (born 1 February 1976) is a former mining magnate and businessman from the Hunter Region, New South Wales, Australia.	Nathan Tinkler	1 February 1976
date of birth	María Isabel López Rodríguez (born 4 January 1995), known professionally as María Isabel, is a Spanish singer who won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with the song ``Antes Muerta que Sencilla''.	María Isabel	4 January 1995
date of birth	Espen Klouman Høiner (born 31 August 1981, in Nesodden, Akershus) is a Norwegian writer and actor.	Espen Klouman Høiner	31 August 1981
date of birth	Jay van Berlo (born 18 September 1988) is an Australian rules footballer, who formerly played for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jay van Berlo	18 September 1988
date of birth	Jenny Elbe (born 18 April 1990) is a German athlete specialising in the triple jump.	Jenny Elbe	18 April 1990
date of birth	Susanne Kappeler, born 1949, was a lecturer in English at the University of East Anglia and an Associate Professor at the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, Al Akhawayn University, and now works as a freelance writer and teacher in England and Germany.	Susanne Kappeler	1949
date of birth	Elfriede Blauensteiner (22 January 1931 -- 18 November 2003), dubbed the ``Black Widow'', was an Austrian serial killer who murdered at least three victims by poison.	Elfriede Blauensteiner	22 January 1931
date of birth	Sverre Marstrander (24 October 1910 -- 1986) was a Norwegian professor in archaeology.	Sverre Marstrander	24 October 1910
date of birth	Gabriel Girotto Franco (born 10 July 1992), simply known as Gabriel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Palmeiras.	Gabriel Girotto Franco	10 July 1992
date of birth	Yang Hsi-kun (楊西崑, 1910--2000), also spelled Yang Hsi-kung and better known as H. K. Yang, was a diplomat of the Republic of China on Taiwan.	H. K. Yang	1910
date of birth	Mohammad Alipour Rahmati (Persian: ‌محمد علیپور رحمتی‎‎; born 1962) is an Iranian politician.	Mohammad Alipour Rahmati	1962
date of birth	David McKee (born 2 January 1935) is a British writer and illustrator, chiefly of children's books and animations.	David McKee	2 January 1935
date of birth	James Albert Needle (born 1943), known as Jan Needle, is an English author.	Jan Needle	1943
date of birth	William Henry Giles Kingston (28 February 1814 -- 5 August 1880), often credited as W. H. G. Kingston, was an English writer of boys' adventure novels.	William Henry Giles Kingston	28 February 1814
date of birth	Peter Sand (born 19 July 1972) is a Danish former footballer, who currently is the fitness coach for the Danish Superliga side Randers FC.	Peter Sand	19 July 1972
date of birth	Alan Jabbour (born 1942) is an American musician and folklorist.	Alan Jabbour	1942
date of birth	Kelda Holmes (born May, 1970 in England) is an English actress best known for playing Sarah Jackson in the Children's ITV television programme Press Gang.	Kelda Holmes	1970
date of birth	Alain Clark (born 4 June 1979) is a Dutch musician and producer.	Alain Clark	4 June 1979
date of birth	Giorgos Markopoulos (Greek: Γιώργος Μαρκόπουλος; born 1951) is a Greek poet.	Giorgos Markopoulos	1951
date of birth	Yūma Koishi (Japanese: 小石祐馬, born 15 September 1993) is a Japanese cyclist riding for Nippo-Vini Fantini.	Yūma Koishi	15 September 1993
date of birth	D. Oyuntulhuur (Mongolian: Д. Оюунтүлхүүр, born 10 November 1975) better known by the stage name Oyunaa (Оюунаа), is a Mongolian singer based in Japan.	Oyunaa	10 November 1975
date of birth	Prince Eustachy Stanisław Sanguszko (28 August 1842 -- 2 April 1903) was a Polish noble (szlachcic), conservative politician.	Eustachy Stanisław Sanguszko	28 August 1842
date of birth	Zohreh Taraghi-Moghadam, better known as Goli Taraghi (Persian: گلی ترقی‎) (born 1939) is an Iranian novelist and short story writer.	Goli Taraghi	1939
date of birth	Jesse James Enoch (born 14 September 1983), better known by his stage name Lyrikal, is a Nigerian rapper, record producer and songwriter.	Lyrikal	14 September 1983
date of birth	Alec Finlay (born 14 March 1966) is a Scottish-born artist currently based in Edinburgh.	Alec Finlay	14 March 1966
date of birth	Neale Fenn (born 18 January 1977) is a retired professional footballer.	Neale Fenn	18 January 1977
date of birth	Scott Hallsworth (born 12 July 1975) is an Australian chef, restaurateur and author.	Scott Hallsworth	12 July 1975
date of birth	Timothie Bright, M.D. (1551?-1615) was an Early Modern British physician and clergyman, the inventor of modern shorthand.	Timothie Bright	1551
date of birth	Kaizer Motaung (born 16 October 1944) is a former South African football (soccer) player and founder of Kaizer Chiefs FC, of which he is chairman and managing director.	Kaizer Motaung	16 October 1944
date of birth	Dame Anne Poole (née Avril Anne Barker), DBE, RGN, RM, RHV, CBIM (born 11 April 1934) was Chief Nursing Officer, Department of Health, from 1982 to 1992.	Anne Poole	11 April 1934
date of birth	Thelma Barlow (née Pigott; born 19 June 1929) is an English television actress and writer, most famous for her roles as Mavis Wilton in the long-running ITV soap opera Coronation Street and as Dolly Bellfield in the sitcom Dinnerladies.	Thelma Barlow	19 June 1929
date of birth	Afsar Asadi (Persian: افسر اسدی Persian pronunciation: (æfsæɾ æsædiː); born 16 January 1958) is an Iranian actress and make-up artist.	Afsar Asadi	16 January 1958
date of birth	Akshay Pratap Singh or Gopalji (born 14 April 1970) is an Indian politician from Pratapgarh (Lok Sabha constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.	Akshay Pratap Singh	14 April 1970
date of birth	Adilson Tibes Granemann (born 1 January 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Center Forward for Maritimo B and Maritimo	Adilson Tibes Granemann	1 January 1982
date of birth	Joe Copcutt (born 2 August 1988 from London, England) is an English metal bassist.	Joe Copcutt	2 August 1988
date of birth	Maureen Koster (born 3 July 1992) is a Dutch middle-distance runner who competes in track and cross country running events.	Maureen Koster	3 July 1992
date of birth	Dr. Richard Massey (born 14 October 1977) is a physicist currently working as Royal Society Research Fellow in the Institute for Computational Cosmology at Durham University.	Richard Massey	14 October 1977
date of birth	Carl Otto Svae (4 April 1918 -- 30 June 1977) was a Norwegian sailor born in Kristiania.	Carl Otto Svae	4 April 1918
date of birth	Yaprak Özdemiroğlu (born 14 August 1963) is a Turkish actress, and ballet dancer.	Yaprak Özdemiroğlu	14 August 1963
date of birth	Souleyman Sané (born 26 February 1961) is a Senegalese-French retired footballer who played as a striker.	Souleyman Sané	26 February 1961
date of birth	Jean Marie Stine (born in 1945 in Sikeston, Missouri as Henry Eugene Stein) is an American editor, writer, anthologist, and publisher.	Jean Marie Stine	1945
date of birth	Count Adolf von Schwarzenberg (1547 -- July 29, 1600) was a renowned general of the Holy Roman Empire whose sword, along with that of his descendant Prince Karl Philipp, is preserved in the arsenal of Vienna.	Adolf von Schwarzenberg	1547
date of birth	Abraham Haas (1847-August 8, 1921) was an American businessman, co-founder of the Hellman, Hass and Company (which became Smart & Final), and patriarch of the Haas family.	Abraham Haas	1847
date of birth	Fatmata Tatah Mansaray (born in 1983 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean beauty queen who was one of the six finalists at the Miss University Sierra Leone 2006 beauty contest held at the Family Kingdom Resort at Lumley Beach, Freetown.	Fatmata Tatah Mansaray	1983
date of birth	Oldřich Navrátil (born 21 October 1952) is Czech stage and film actor.	Oldřich Navrátil	21 October 1952
date of birth	Balapuwaduge Manukulasuriya Amith Jeevan Mendis (born 15 January 1983 in Colombo) is a Sri Lankan international cricketer.	Jeevan Mendis	15 January 1983
date of birth	José Jesús Villa Pelayo (Caracas, 1962) is a Venezuelan poet, essayist, lawyer and political analyst.	José Jesús Villa Pelayo	1962
date of birth	Dora Maxwell (1897 - June 29, 1985) was an early credit union pioneer in New York state.	Dora Maxwell	1897
date of birth	Vukan Perović (Cyrillic: Вукан Перовић) (born 18 October 1952) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Vukan Perović	18 October 1952
date of birth	Zoubin Ghahramani FRS (born 8 February 1970) is an Iranian researcher and Professor of Information Engineering at the University of Cambridge.	Zoubin Ghahramani	8 February 1970
date of birth	Alonso de Ribera de Pareja (1560 -- March 9, 1617) was a Spanish soldier and twice Spanish royal governor of Chile (1601--1605 and 1612--1617).	Alonso de Ribera	1560
date of birth	Wang Hongwen (December, 1935 -- August 3, 1992), was a Chinese labour activist and politician who spent most of his career in Shanghai.	Wang Hongwen	1935
date of birth	Emilio Nsue López (born 30 September 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for English club Middlesbrough.	Emilio Nsue	30 September 1989
date of birth	Arnold Oldsworth (born 1561) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611.	Arnold Oldsworth	1561
date of birth	Jutta Kleinschmidt (born 29 August 1962) is a competitor of offroad automotive racing events.	Jutta Kleinschmidt	29 August 1962
date of birth	Maria Wilman (29 April 1867 -- 9 November 1957) was a South African geologist and botanist.	Maria Wilman	29 April 1867
date of birth	General José Antonio Salcedo y Ramírez, ``Pepillo'' (1816--1864) was born in Madrid, Spain to creole parents of Spanish heritage who had been born in Santo Domingo, and moved to Spain in the year 1815.	José Antonio Salcedo	1816
date of birth	Francis Cosby (1510--1580) was an English soldier and settler in Ireland.	Francis Cosby	1510
date of birth	Mitch Achurch (born 14 July 1988) is a rugby league footballer who currently plays for Leeds in the Super League.	Mitch Achurch	14 July 1988
date of birth	Maria Lucette Rådström, (born 3 December 1974) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter.	Lucette Rådström	3 December 1974
date of birth	Stéphan Aubé (born 11 November 1971) is a French Music video director for classical music and pianist.	Stéphan Aubé	11 November 1971
date of birth	Frank Houghton (1894--1972) was an Anglican missionary bishop and author.	Frank Houghton	1894
date of birth	Mark Haigh-Hutchinson (1964 -- January 15, 2008) was an English video game developer.	Mark Haigh-Hutchinson	1964
date of birth	Antônio Fábio Francês Cavalcante (born 27 November 1983), commonly known as Fabinho Capixaba, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back.	Fabinho Capixaba	27 November 1983
date of birth	John Thomas North (30 January 1842 -- 5 May 1896) was an English investor and businessman.	John Thomas North	30 January 1842
date of birth	Carol Philips (born 1966) is a pioneer of big-wave bodyboarding for women.	Carol Philips	1966
date of birth	Thomas Chalers or Deschalers (17 September 1383 -- 1443), of Whaddon, Cambridgeshire and Wyddial, Hertfordshire, was an English politician.	Thomas Chalers	17 September 1383
date of birth	David Ha'ivri (Hebrew: דוד העברי‎ born Jason David Axelrod, 1967) is an Israeli settler and political activist.	David Ha'ivri	1967
date of birth	Francis Weld Peabody (1881--1927) was an American physician born November 24, 1881, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Francis Weld Peabody	1881
date of birth	Shubhlakshmi Sharma born at Hazaribagh, Jharkhand on 11 August 1989.	Shubhlakshmi Sharma	11 August 1989
date of birth	Andrew Govender (born 1986, in Durban) is a South African actor, model and actuarial analyst.	Andrew Govender	1986
date of birth	James Victor Brown (born 5 June 1935) is a former Australian Rugby Union player who played for the Wallabies nine times.	James Victor Brown	5 June 1935
date of birth	Hans-Peter Wild (born 16 June 1941) is a German entrepreneur and lawyer.	Hans-Peter Wild	16 June 1941
date of birth	Astrid Bryan (born 25 January 1983) is a Flemish Belgian model, singer, actress, television personality, creative director	Astrid Bryan	25 January 1983
date of birth	Sarah Mitchell (née Johnston) (born 10 May 1982) is an Australian politician.	Sarah Mitchell	10 May 1982
date of birth	Born in 1909, Robert Ford Bentley was the son of Miehle Printing Press & Manufacturing Company CEO Arthur Bentley and Cherry Ford Bentley.	Robert Ford Bentley	1909
date of birth	Javier Carriqueo (born 29 May 1979 in San Martín de los Andes) is an Argentine middle and long-distance runner.	Javier Carriqueo	29 May 1979
date of birth	Neel Jani (born 8 December 1983) is a Swiss professional racing driver of Indian Gujarati origin.	Neel Jani	8 December 1983
date of birth	Troels Holch Povlsen (born 1949) is a Danish businessman, founder of the fashion chain Bestseller.	Troels Holch Povlsen	1949
date of birth	Bradley M. Kuhn (born 1973) is a free software activist from the United States.	Bradley M. Kuhn	1973
date of birth	Béla Babai (Kaposvár, Hungary cir. 1914 -- Nesconset, New York) October 1, 1997) was a Hungarian American musician and interpreter of romani music.	Béla Babai	1914
date of birth	Jacobo Morales (born 12 November 1934) is a Puerto Rican actor, poet, writer, playwright, filmmaker, and auteur.	Jacobo Morales	12 November 1934
date of birth	Louis Fabien (born January 18, 1924) is (the pseudonym of) a French painter.	Louis Fabien	1924
date of birth	August or Auguste Brancart (21 July 1851 - 1894?) was a Belgian publisher of pornographic literature, credited with the first publication of My Secret Life.	Auguste Brancart	21 July 1851
date of birth	Sir (Reginald) Patrick Linstead CBE, DSc, HonDSc, DIC, HonFCGI, HonMIMM, FRS (28 August 1902, London -- 22 September 1966, London) was an English chemist.	Patrick Linstead	28 August 1902
date of birth	Charles Comfort Tiffany (1829--1907) was an American Episcopal clergyman, born in Baltimore.	Charles Comfort Tiffany	1829
date of birth	Sir George Stucley Stucley, 1st Baronet (17 August 1812 -- 13 March 1900), known as George Buck until 1858, was a British Conservative Member of Parliament.	George Stucley	17 August 1812
date of birth	Fredrik Liliegren (born 5 December 1969) is the current Vice President Graphics and Portability Group of the Software company TransGaming and former CEO of Antic Entertainment, Red Jade and Digital Illusions.	Fredrik Liliegren	1969
date of birth	David Haberfeld (born 1969, in Melbourne) is an Australian electronic dance music producer, performer, DJ and educator.	David Haberfeld	1969
date of birth	The Hon Mr Justice Derek Schofield, born 1945, commenced his legal career in 1961 when he was appointed assistant in the office of the clerk of the court in Lancashire.	Derek Schofield	1945
date of birth	Nora Levin (1916 -- October 26, 1989) was a historian of the Holocaust and a writer.	Nora Levin	1916
date of birth	Thomas Henry Burn (born 19 January 1875) was an Ulster Unionist member of the UK Parliament and the Parliament of Northern Ireland.	Thomas Henry Burn	19 January 1875
date of birth	Tu Youyou (Chinese: 屠呦呦; born 30 December 1930) is a Chinese pharmaceutical chemist and educator.	Tu Youyou	30 December 1930
date of birth	Anatilde Jane de Paula Diaz (born 14 November 1972), better known as Tilde de Paula and also Tilde de Paula Eby, is a Swedish television presenter on TV4.	Tilde de Paula	14 November 1972
date of birth	Frank Cumbrae-Stewart was born on 27 January 1865 at Riversleigh, Canterbury, New Zealand, son of Francis Edward Stewart and his wife Agnes (née Park).	Frank Cumbrae-Stewart	27 January 1865
date of birth	Dr. J. Rajmohan Pillai (born 12 May 1964) is an Indian businessman, currently the Chairman of Beta Group.	Rajmohan Pillai	12 May 1964
date of birth	Shao Wenkai (simplified Chinese: 邵文凯; traditional Chinese: 邵文凱; pinyin: Shào Wénkǎi; Wade--Giles: Shao Wen-k'ai; 1887--????) was a member of the military in the Republic of China.	Shao Wenkai	1887
date of birth	Wang Lisi (simplified Chinese: 王丽思; traditional Chinese: 王麗思; pinyin: Wáng Lìsī; born 28 November 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Huatai in the Chinese Women's Super League.	Wang Lisi	28 November 1991
date of birth	Major Cecil Stephen Northcote CBE (1878--1945) was a British military officer who was governor of Mongalla Province in the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan from 1918 to 1919, and then of the Nuba Mountains province from 1919 to 1927.	Cecil Stephen Northcote	1878
date of birth	Steve Schapiro (born 1934, in New York) is an American photographer.	Steve Schapiro	1934
date of birth	Károly Erős (born 20 December 1971 in Pilisvörösvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for and manages NB III team, Monor.	Károly Erős	20 December 1971
date of birth	Peter Dijkstra (born 11 June 1978) is a Dutch conductor, especially of choirs and vocal ensembles.	Peter Dijkstra	11 June 1978
date of birth	G. P. Rajarathnam (1909--1979), popularly known as Rajaratnam, was a Kannada writer and poet.	G. P. Rajarathnam	1909
date of birth	Wayne Keon (born 1946) is a Nipissing First Nation author and poet and member of Nipissing First Nation, an Ojibway tribe.	Wayne Keon	1946
date of birth	Naftali Bon (born 9 October 1945 in Kapsabet, Rift Valley Province) was a Kenyan athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Naftali Bon	9 October 1945
date of birth	Koit Toome (born 3 January 1979) is an Estonian singer and musical actor.	Koit Toome	3 January 1979
date of birth	Arne Henriksen (born 26 February 1944) is a Norwegian architect that has designed many Norwegian railway stations.	Arne Henriksen	26 February 1944
date of birth	Francisco Javier Mendieta Jiménez (born 28 November 1955 in San Luis Potosí) is a Mexican telecommunications engineer and academic who chaired the Ensenada Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education (Cicese) and serves, by presidential appointment, as the founding director-general of the Mexican Space Agency.	Francisco Javier Mendieta	28 November 1955
date of birth	Stewart Kean (born 4 March 1983) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Hurlford United in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Stewart Kean	4 March 1983
date of birth	Germán Borregales (28 May 1909, Coro region - 2 March 1984, Caracas) was a Venezuelan journalist, author and politician.	Germán Borregales	28 May 1909
date of birth	Danzel (born Johan Waem, 9 November 1976) is a Belgian musician of house, techno and dance, who reached the number 11 in the UK Singles Chart in November 2004 with the single, ``Pump It Up!''.	Danzel	9 November 1976
date of birth	Ernő Kovács (born 2 February 1959) is a Hungarian mechanical technician and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Bács-Kiskun County Regional List between 2010 and 2014.	Ernő Kovács	2 February 1959
date of birth	William Forlonge (1811 -- 15 September 1890) was a pastoralist and politician in colonial Victoria and New South Wales, a member of the Victorian Legislative Council, the Victorian Legislative Assembly and the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	William Forlonge	1811
date of birth	Sir Julius Benedict (27 November 1804 -- 5 June 1885) was a German-born composer and conductor, resident in England for most of his career.	Julius Benedict	27 November 1804
date of birth	Henry Luke White (9 May 1860 - 30 June 1927) was a wealthy grazier, and keen amateur ornithologist and oologist of Scone, New South Wales, Australia.	Henry Luke White	1860
date of birth	Andrea Lowell (born 1983) is an American actress and model most recognizable from her Playboy magazine nude pictorials and on air work for a variety of Playboy TV programs.	Andrea Lowell	1983
date of birth	Neil McGarry (born 1983) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full-forward for the Antrim senior team.	Neil McGarry	1983
date of birth	Mauro Néstor Gerk Larrea also known as El Tanque or El delantero del amor (born 9 May 1977), is a retired Argentine football Striker who last played for Cruz Azul Hidalgo in the Ascenso MX.	Mauro Néstor Gerk	9 May 1977
date of birth	Édson Andrade Almeida, also known as Édson Di (born 14 March 1979) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Esporte Clube Flamengo.	Édson Andrade Almeida	14 March 1979
date of birth	Charles William King (5 September 1818 -- 25 March 1888) was a British Victorian writer and collector of gems.	Charles William King	5 September 1818
date of birth	Sanja Stijačić (born 14 November 1965) is a Serbian flutist and Associate Professor of Flute at the University of Pristina (Kosovska Mitrovica) and University of East Sarajevo.	Sanja Stijačić	14 November 1965
date of birth	Angela E. Oh (born 1955) is an attorney, teacher, and public lecturer best known for her role as spokesperson for the Korean American community after the 1992 Los Angeles Riots and her position on President Bill Clinton's One America Initiative.	Angela E. Oh	1955
date of birth	Sergey Polyanskiy (born 29 October 1989) is a Russian athlete who specialises in the long jump.	Sergey Polyanskiy	29 October 1989
date of birth	Sarah Sands (née Harvey; 3 June 1961) is a British journalist and author who is the editor of the London Evening Standard.	Sarah Sands	3 June 1961
date of birth	Orhan Demir (Turkish: (ˈorhan ˈdemir); born 1954 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Canadian jazz guitarist.	Orhan Demir	1954
date of birth	Howie Pyro (born Howard Kusten) on 28 June 1960 is an American bass player.	Howie Pyro	28 June 1960
date of birth	Wallace Notestein (1878--1969) was an American historian and Sterling Professor of English History at Yale University from 1928 to 1947.	Wallace Notestein	1878
date of birth	Russell Schulz-Widmar (born Russell E. Schulz, 29 July 1944) was Professor of Liturgical Music at the Seminary of the Southwest in Austin, Texas, and a composer, author, and conductor.	Russell Schulz-Widmar	29 July 1944
date of birth	Imam Abdul Alim Musa (born 1945 as Clarence Reams) is a Muslim American activist and director of Masjid Al-Islam in Washington, D.C. He is a member of the Institute of Contemporary Islamic Thought (ICIT) and a well-known speaker around the world.	Abdul Alim Musa	1945
date of birth	Roger Boli (born 26 September 1965 in Adjame, Côte d'Ivoire) is a French former footballer who played striker for clubs in the French and British leagues.	Roger Boli	26 September 1965
date of birth	Carole Feuerman (born 1945) is an American artist and hyper-realistic sculptor.	Carole Feuerman	1945
date of birth	Raidel Acea Morales (born 21 October 1990) is a Cuban track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 800 metres events.	Raidel Acea	21 October 1990
date of birth	Flora MacNeil, MBE (6 October 1928 -- 15 May 2015) was a Scottish Gaelic singer.	Flora MacNeil	1928
date of birth	Jaime Prats Estrada (29 March 1883 -- 3 January 1946) was a Cuban flautist, composer and orchestral director.	Jaime Prats	29 March 1883
date of birth	Dionne Rose-Henley (born 7 November 1969) is a retired Jamaican athlete who specialised in the high hurdles.	Dionne Rose-Henley	7 November 1969
date of birth	Saint Arthelais (Italian: Sant' Artellaide) (544--560) is venerated as a Christian saint.	Arthelais	544
date of birth	Loke Yew (Chinese: 陆佑; pinyin: Lù Yòu), born Wong Loke Yew, CMG, LL.D. (1845--1917) was a Chinese-born, of Cantonese descent, business magnate.	Loke Yew	1845
date of birth	Abdessamad Chahiri (born 17 May 1982) is an international Moroccan footballer who plays for Olympique Khouribga.	Abdessamad Chahiri	17 May 1982
date of birth	Eddy W M Lai (born 12 December 1973) is horse racing jockey.	Eddy W M Lai	12 December 1973
date of birth	Shayne Dunley (born 17 May 1976) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the National Rugby League between 1998 and 2007.	Shayne Dunley	17 May 1976
date of birth	Frank Matthews Leslie FRS (8 March 1935--June 15, 2000) was a mathematical physicist specializing in continuum mechanics.	Frank Matthews Leslie	8 March 1935
date of birth	Samuel Roth (1893 -- July 3, 1974) was an American publisher and writer.	Samuel Roth	1893
date of birth	Broderick Wright (born 24 July 1987) is a professional rugby league player for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League (NRL) competition.	Broderick Wright	24 July 1987
date of birth	Billy Askew (born 2 October 1959 in Lumley (near Durham), England) is an English footballer best known for his career with Hull City.	Billy Askew	2 October 1959
date of birth	Sonika Nirwal (born 1977) was a senior Ealing Southall constituency Labour politician representing the Greenford Broadway ward.	Sonika Nirwal	1977
date of birth	Bert Gabriëls (born 1973) is a Belgian stand-up comedian with his own award-winning television show.	Bert Gabriëls	1973
date of birth	Marco Wittmann (born 24 November 1989) is a German professional racing driver, and BMW works driver.	Marco Wittmann	24 November 1989
date of birth	Kimberly Hahn (née Kirk; born in 1957) is a Catholic apologist and author.	Kimberly Hahn	1957
date of birth	Captain Robert Austin Ardill MC (1917 -- 12 October 2010) was a Northern Irish unionist politician.	Austin Ardill	1917
date of birth	Ritza Papaconstantinou (Greek: Ρίτσα Παπακωνσταντίνου) born in Brännkyrka, Sweden on 2 March 1972) is a famous Greek-Swedish television presenter at SVT since 2004.	Ritza Papaconstantinou	2 March 1972
date of birth	Elias Hardy (ca 1744 -- December 25, 1798) was an English-born lawyer and politician in New Brunswick.	Elias Hardy	1744
date of birth	Jean Baptiste Bissot, Sieur de Vincennes, (19 January 1668 -- 1719) was a Canadian soldier, explorer, and friend to the Miami Nation.	Jean Baptiste Bissot, Sieur de Vincennes	19 January 1668
date of birth	Princess Luisa Maria of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este (Luisa Maria Anna Martine Pilar; born 11 October 1995) is the fourth child and second daughter of Lorenz, Archduke of Austria-Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium.	Princess Luisa Maria of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este	11 October 1995
date of birth	Richard Moriarty (born 1 May 1957 at Gorseinon near Swansea) is a former international Wales rugby union player.	Richard Moriarty	1 May 1957
date of birth	Susan Reynolds (b. 1929) is a British medieval historian whose book Fiefs and Vassals: the Medieval Evidence Reinterpreted (1994) was part of the attack on the concept of feudalism as classically portrayed by previous historians such as François-Louis Ganshof and Marc Bloch.	Susan Reynolds	1929
date of birth	James Penberthy AM (3 May 1917 -- 29 March 1999) was an Australian composer and journalist.	James Penberthy	3 May 1917
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane KCSI (1854--1908) was an administrator in British India.	Harold Arthur Deane	1854
date of birth	Joseph H. Alexander (c. 1938 -- September 28, 2014) was a retired Colonel of the United States Marine Corps and a historian.	Joseph H. Alexander	1938
date of birth	Beaumont Hotham, 3rd Baron Hotham (9 August 1794 -- 12 December 1870), was a British soldier, peer and long-standing Conservative Member of Parliament.	Beaumont Hotham, 3rd Baron Hotham	9 August 1794
date of birth	Ganendra Narayan Ray (born 1 May 1933) is an Bengali Indian jurist, who served as the chief justice of the Gujarat High Court.	Ganendra Narayan Ray	1 May 1933
date of birth	Edwin Bélanger (18 November 1910 - 14 January 2005) was a Canadian conductor, violinist, violist, arranger, and music educator.	Edwin Bélanger	18 November 1910
date of birth	Matko Jelavić (born 29 March 1958 in Split) is a Croatian singer, songwriter, composer and drummer.	Matko Jelavić	29 March 1958
date of birth	Mats Jonasson, (born 1945) is a Swedish glass designer.	Mats Jonasson	1945
date of birth	John Stuart Thomson (1869--1950) was an author from the United States.	John Stuart Thomson	1869
date of birth	William H. Hutchison (1843 -- June 17, 1919) was a mill owner and political figure in Ontario.	William H. Hutchison	1843
date of birth	Louis Lorimier (March 1748 -- June 26, 1812) was born in the Etienne parish of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Louis Lorimier	1748
date of birth	Rebecca Bluestone (born 1953) is an American artist and studio trained tapestry weaver currently residing in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Rebecca Bluestone	1953
date of birth	Ayanda Mabulu (born in 1981) is a South African artist mostly known for his paintings.	Ayanda Mabulu	1981
date of birth	Rie Rasmussen (born 14 February 1976) is a Danish actress, film director, writer, model, and photographer.	Rie Rasmussen	14 February 1976
date of birth	David Strooper (born 25 February 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy, Sydney Swans and St Kilda in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	David Strooper	25 February 1968
date of birth	Eyad Ismoil (Arabic: اياد اسماعيل‎), also transliterated as Eyad Ismail, (born circa 1971) is a Jordanian citizen who, for his role in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, was convicted by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York of conspiracy in 1997.	Eyad Ismoil	1971
date of birth	Wei Jianjun (Chinese: 魏建军; pinyin: Wèi Jiànjūn; born 1964) is a Chinese businessman, Chairman of Great Wall Motors, the largest Chinese SUV manufacturer.	Wei Jianjun	1964
date of birth	Stephen Wildman (born 1951) is Professor of the History of Art at the University of Lancaster and Director of the Ruskin Library and Research Centre.	Stephen Wildman	1951
date of birth	Gabriele Wülker (16 July 1911 - 10 October 2001), was a German Politician.	Gabriele Wülker	16 July 1911
date of birth	Suzanne Christine Crowshaw, known as Suzanne Shaw (born 29 September 1981) Is an English actress, singer and television personality, who rose to fame after winning the talent contest Popstars and subsequently being a member of the band Hear'Say.	Suzanne Shaw	29 September 1981
date of birth	Chan Sy, also spelt Chan Si, (Khmer: ចាន់ ស៊ី; 1932 -- December 26, 1984) was a Cambodian politician.	Chan Sy	1932
date of birth	Isaac Scott Hathaway was born in 1872, although some resources say 1874, in Lexington, Kentucky.	Isaac Scott Hathaway	1872
date of birth	Natália Šubrtová (born 1 May 1989 in Kežmarok) is a Slovak alpine skier, sighted guide and three time Paralympic Champion.	Natália Šubrtová	1 May 1989
date of birth	Artis Rasmanis (born 1971) is a retired Latvian sidecarcross passenger and five times World Champion.	Artis Rasmanis	1971
date of birth	Admiral Oscar Stanley Dawson (13 November 1923 -- 23 October 2011) was a Four-Star Admiral in the Indian Navy.	Oscar Stanley Dawson	13 November 1923
date of birth	Erasmo Fuentes de Hoyos (born 1943) is a Mexican-born Mormon sculptor who resides in Mapleton, Utah.	Erasmo Fuentes	1943
date of birth	Simon Perchik (born December 24, 1923, Paterson, New Jersey) is an American poet with published work dating from the 1960s.	Simon Perchik	1923
date of birth	Tommy Barkas, BEM (27 March 1912 -- 1991) was an English professional footballer who played in England during the 1930s and 1940s.	Tommy Barkas	27 March 1912
date of birth	Craig Bolton (born 31 May 1980) is an Australian rules footballer who has played with the Brisbane Lions and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Craig Bolton	31 May 1980
date of birth	Frederick Marriott (July 16, 1805 -- December 16, 1884 in San Francisco, California) was an English-born American publisher and early promoter of aviation, creator of the Avitor Hermes Jr., the first unmanned aircraft to fly by its own power in the United States.	Frederick Marriott	1805
date of birth	Ahmet Toçoğlu (born 13 March 1980 in Sakarya) is a Turkish volleyball player of Fenerbahçe Grundig.	Ahmet Toçoğlu	1980
date of birth	Max Vadukul (born 2 February 1961, Nairobi, Kenya) is a British photographer who is based in New York City.	Max Vadukul	2 February 1961
date of birth	Brett-Livingstone Strong (born 31 October 1953) is an Australian-born artist, best known for his sculptures of Hollywood celebrities.	Brett-Livingstone Strong	31 October 1953
date of birth	Pepin I or Pepin I of Aquitaine (797 -- December 13, 838) was King of Aquitaine and Duke of Maine.	Pepin I of Aquitaine	797
date of birth	Bernd Behr (born 1976) is a Taiwanese/German artist based in London.	Bernd Behr	1976
date of birth	Tarick Johnson (born 1 December 1981 in Lakenheath, England) is a professional basketball player who plays for APOEL in Cyprus.	Tarick Johnson	1 December 1981
date of birth	Khalid Kelly, born Terence Edward Kelly (born c. 1967), also known as Abu Osama and Taliban Terry is an Irish Muslim convert, and former leader of Al-Muhajiroun in Ireland.	Khalid Kelly	1967
date of birth	Delia Smith CBE (born 18 June 1941) is an English cook and television presenter, known for teaching basic cookery skills in a no-nonsense style.	Delia Smith	18 June 1941
date of birth	Ashok Jadeja (born 1 June 1974), popularly known as Ashok Maadi and Mataji Ashok, is a self-proclaimed 'Godman', who has been accused of swindling money from thousands of people from across India by claiming to have the divine blessings of a goddess of a local caste in Ahmedabad.	Ashok Jadeja	1 June 1974
date of birth	Ze'ev Seltzer (Hebrew: זאב זלצר‎; born 9 February 1944) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager.	Ze'ev Seltzer	9 February 1944
date of birth	Zwelonke Sigcawu (1968 - ) is the 12th and current paramount chief of the amaXhosa nation from 1 January 2006.	Zwelonke Sigcawu	1968
date of birth	Daisy Youngblood (born 1945) is an American modern sculptor and ceramic artist.	Daisy Youngblood	1945
date of birth	Leontyna Halpertowa, née Eleonora Halpertowa z Żuczkowskich (Puławy, 14 April 1803 -- Warsaw, 19 March 1895), was a Polish stage actress and translator.	Leontyna Halpertowa	14 April 1803
date of birth	Richard P.A.C. Newman (1955--2000) was a physicist notable for his work in the area of cosmology and general relativity.	Richard P.A.C. Newman	1955
date of birth	Thomas S. Ray (also known as Tom Ray; born September 21, 1954) is an ecologist who created and developed the Tierra project, a computer simulation of artificial life.	Thomas S. Ray	1954
date of birth	Gavin Mays (born 1989), better known by his stage name Cities Aviv, is an American rapper and record producer, based in Memphis, Tennessee.	Cities Aviv	1989
date of birth	Johnny Hyde (born Iván Haidabura 23 April 1895 -- 18 December 1950) was a Russian-American talent agent.	Johnny Hyde	23 April 1895
date of birth	Mark McGough (born 22 June 1984) is an Australian rules football player who played with the Collingwood and St Kilda football clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark McGough	22 June 1984
date of birth	Melina Manandhar (Nepali: मेलिना मानन्धर; born 1977) is a Nepali actress and producer.	Melina Manandhar	1977
date of birth	Lina Bertucci (born 1958) is an American subculture artist who specializes in photography and film.	Lina Bertucci	1958
date of birth	Felix Funke (3 January 1865 -- 22 July 1932) was a German admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial German Navy).	Felix Funke	3 January 1865
date of birth	Debbie Wiseman MBE (born 10 May 1963) is a British composer for film and television, known also as a conductor and a radio and television presenter.	Debbie Wiseman	10 May 1963
date of birth	Sead Brunčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Сеад Брунчевић, born 15 May 1977) is a Serbian Bosniak retired football player.	Sead Brunčević	15 May 1977
date of birth	Michaela Kudláčková (born 21 August 1968 in Prague) is a former Czech child actress.	Michaela Kudláčková	21 August 1968
date of birth	Edward Ka-Spel (born Edward Francis Sharp, 23 January 1954 in London) is an English singer/songwriter and musician residing in the Netherlands.	Edward Ka-Spel	23 January 1954
date of birth	Elaine Scarry (born 30 June 1946) is an American essayist and professor of English and American Literature and Language.	Elaine Scarry	30 June 1946
date of birth	Valentin Krasnogorov (born 20 December 1934, Leningrad, now St. Petersburg) is a Russian playwright and writer.	Valentin Krasnogorov	20 December 1934
date of birth	Martyna Snopek (born 22 April 1986 in Puławy) is a Polish disabled rower, paralympian, and twice World Rowing Championship bronze medalist (2006, 2007).	Martyna Snopek	22 April 1986
date of birth	Anthony Stokes (born 25 July 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Championship club Hibernian, on loan from Scottish Premiership side Celtic.	Anthony Stokes	25 July 1988
date of birth	Shirley-Anne Somerville (born 2 September 1974) is a Scottish politician and was SNP MSP for the Lothians region from 2007 to 2011.	Shirley-Anne Somerville	2 September 1974
date of birth	Gunnar Gunnarsson (18 May 1889 -- 21 November 1975) was an Icelandic author who wrote mainly in Danish.	Gunnar Gunnarsson	18 May 1889
date of birth	Catherine Gee (born July 1967) is a television presenter and property expert who took over as the host of the popular ITV daytime makeover show 60 Minute Makeover in 2011.	Catherine Gee	July 1967
date of birth	Marjan Eid (born 12 May 1979) is a Bahraini football manager, most recently managed the Bahrain national football team.	Marjan Eid	12 May 1979
date of birth	Eoin Duffy (1983, Tullow Ireland) is an award-winning Irish director of animation now living and working in Vancouver, Canada.	Eoin Duffy	1983
date of birth	Vasilios Karagounis (Greek: Βασίλειος Καραγκούνης, born 18 January 1994), is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis as a Right back.	Vasilios Karagounis	18 January 1994
date of birth	Charles Belfoure (born 19 February 1954) is an American writer, architect and historian.	Charles Belfoure	19 February 1954
date of birth	Stan Le Lievre (31 July 1920 -- 18 March 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Le Lievre	31 July 1920
date of birth	Larry Darby (born 1957) is a practicing attorney in Montgomery, Alabama.	Larry Darby	1957
date of birth	Kazi Zulkader Siddiqui (Urdu: قاضی ذوالقدر صدیقی‎) (born 21 June 1952) is Pakistani businessman, academician and social worker.	Kazi Zulkader Siddiqui	21 June 1952
date of birth	Tony Sibson (born 9 April 1958, in Leicester, England) is a former professional boxer.	Tony Sibson	9 April 1958
date of birth	Mark McCabe (born May 1978) is an Irish station manager, music producer, radio DJ and singer songwriter.	Mark McCabe	May 1978
date of birth	Tiiu Kuik (Estonian pronunciation: (tiːu kuik)) (born 16 March 1987) is an Estonian fashion model.	Tiiu Kuik	16 March 1987
date of birth	Charles Henry Crompton-Roberts (born Charles Henry Roberts) (7 March 1832 -- 15 November 1891) was a British landowner and politician.	Charles Henry Crompton-Roberts	7 March 1832
date of birth	Giovanni Varglien (16 May 1911 - 16 October 1990) also known as Varglien II was an Italian football player from Fiume.	Giovanni Varglien	16 May 1911
date of birth	Claude Delacroix (born 1948) is a Radio Host for RTBF.	Claude Delacroix	1948
date of birth	Deriba Merga Ejigu (Amharic: ደርባ መርጋ አጅጉ?; born 26 October 1980) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner.	Deriba Merga	26 October 1980
date of birth	Barbara Jackson (born 1961) is an American attorney and jurist who was elected in 2010 to an eight-year term on the North Carolina Supreme Court.	Barbara Jackson	1961
date of birth	Răducanu Necula (born 10 May 1946), widely known as Rică Răducanu, is a retired Romanian football goalkeeper.His son Cătălin Necula was also a footballer.	Răducanu Necula	10 May 1946
date of birth	Graham Ryder (28 January 1949 -- 5 January 2002) was an English geologist and lunar scientist.	Graham Ryder	28 January 1949
date of birth	Giorgi Gabidauri (Georgian: გიორგი ჯაბადარი; born 6 December 1979) is a Georgian professional football player.	Giorgi Gabidauri	6 December 1979
date of birth	John Syer, an English painter, was born in 1815.	John Syer	1815
date of birth	David Mervyn Johns (18 February 1899 -- 6 September 1992) was a distinctive Welsh film and television character actor who became a star of British films during World War II. Continuing into the postwar era, he was a notable mainstay of Ealing Studios.	Mervyn Johns	18 February 1899
date of birth	Aleš Jindra (born 12 June 1973) is the current coach of FK Baník Sokolov and a former football player.	Aleš Jindra	12 June 1973
date of birth	Ingraham Ebenezer Bill (19 February 1805 -- 4 August 1891) was a Canadian author, journalist and minister from Billtown, Nova Scotia.	Ingraham Ebenezer Bill	19 February 1805
date of birth	Ali Al-Nono (born 7 June 1980) is a retired Yemeni footballer who played as a striker for Al-Ahli San'a'.	Ali Al-Nono	7 June 1980
date of birth	Renée Cox (born 1960 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican-American artist, photographer, political activist and curator.	Renée Cox	1960
date of birth	Charlie Butler-Henderson (born 23 November 1978) is a British auto racing driver who now works as a racing instructor and presenter.	Charlie Butler-Henderson	23 November 1978
date of birth	Charles Torquil de Montalt Fraser (born 2 October 1960) was High Sheriff of West Sussex in 2006--07.	Charles Torquil de Montalt Fraser	2 October 1960
date of birth	Lou Brooks (born 1944 in Abington, Pennsylvania) is a self-taught American illustrator, cartoonist, and author.	Lou Brooks	1944
date of birth	Francesco Moraglia (born 25 May 1953) is Patriarch of Venice since his appointment was announced on 31 January 2012.	Francesco Moraglia	25 May 1953
date of birth	B. Joseph Wigmore (born 1892) was a professional footballer, who played for Dinnington and Huddersfield Town.	Joseph Wigmore	1892
date of birth	Issam Chebake (born 12 October 1989) is a Moroccan professional footballer who currently plays for French side Le Havre as a right-back.	Issam Chebake	12 October 1989
date of birth	Dame Diouf (born 31 March 1978) is a Senegalese retired footballer, who aside from three seasons with Hannover 96, spent his entire career in the lower leagues of German football.	Dame Diouf	31 March 1978
date of birth	Hermann Barrelet (born 25 September 1879, date of death unknown) was a Swiss-born French rower.	Hermann Barrelet	25 September 1879
date of birth	Steven Aftergood (born 1956 in Los Angeles) is a specialist in physics and a political activist.	Steven Aftergood	1956
date of birth	Paolo Torrisi (born Maurizio Torresan, 15 May 1951 -- 10 December 2005) was an Italian voice actor and actor.	Paolo Torrisi	15 May 1951
date of birth	Deborah Levy (born 1959 in South Africa) is a British playwright, novelist, and poet.	Deborah Levy	1959
date of birth	Peter Straker (born 7 November 1943) is a Jamaican born singer and actor, best known for appearances in Doctor Who (in the 1979 serial Destiny of the Daleks) and the 1985 ITV series Connie.	Peter Straker	7 November 1943
date of birth	Kelly Edwards (born 9 December 1990) is a British judoka from Telford, Shropshire.	Kelly Edwards	9 December 1990
date of birth	Don Cowan (born 16 November 1989) is an American-born Irish footballer who plays for League of Ireland side Longford Town.	Don Cowan	16 November 1989
date of birth	Gyalo Thondup (Tibetan: རྒྱལ་ལོ་དོན་འགྲུབ, Wylie: rgyal lo don 'grub; Chinese: 嘉乐顿珠; pinyin: Jiālè Dùnzhū, born 1928) is the second-eldest brother of the 14th Dalai Lama.	Gyalo Thondup	1928
date of birth	Teruo Sugihara (Japanese: 杉原輝雄, 14 June 1937 -- 28 December 2011) was a Japanese professional golfer.	Teruo Sugihara	14 June 1937
date of birth	Kenny Kunene (born 21 October 1970) is a South African businessman and Secretary-General of the Patriotic Alliance.	Kenny Kunene	1970
date of birth	Salvador Dijols (11 November 1940 -- 2 August 2010) in Ponce, Puerto Rico was a Puerto Rican basketball player.	Salvador Dijols	11 November 1940
date of birth	Taianan Imbere Linhares Welker (Born 13 March 1987), commonly known as Taianan or Tai, is a Brazilian footballer playing with NK Široki Brijeg in the Bosnian Premier League.	Taianan	13 March 1987
date of birth	Makobo Modjadji VI (1978 -- 12 June 2005) was the 6th in a line of the Balobedu tribe's Rain Queens.	Makobo Modjadji	1978
date of birth	Kissy Sell Out, born Thomas Bisdee on 18 June 1984 in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, England, is a British/Canadian DJ, producer, graphic designer, label manager of San City High Records, part-time astrophysicist and science columnist for Sick Chirpse.	Kissy Sell Out	18 June 1984
date of birth	David Yarrow (born 8 February 1966, Glasgow, Scotland) is a British fine-art photographer, financier, conservationist and author.	David Yarrow	8 February 1966
date of birth	Alan N. Shapiro (Brooklyn, New York, 23 April 1956) is an American science fiction and media theorist.	Alan N. Shapiro	23 April 1956
date of birth	Felix Rosenqvist (born 7 November 1991 in Värnamo) is a Swedish racing driver who is the reigning European Formula Three Champion, having won the title in 2015 with the Italian team Prema Powerteam.	Felix Rosenqvist	7 November 1991
date of birth	Wayne Perkins (born David Wayne Perkins, 1951 in Birmingham, Alabama) is a rock and R & B guitarist, singer, songwriter and session musician.	Wayne Perkins	1951
date of birth	Gérard Rozenknop (born 23 January 1950 in Paris 19e), is a French public servant.	Gérard Rozenknop	23 January 1950
date of birth	Cain Ackland (born 16 March 1982) is an Australian rules football player formerly in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Cain Ackland	16 March 1982
date of birth	Luis Balbino Arroyo Colón (born 1990) is a child prodigy from Moca, Puerto Rico, who, at the age of 11, became the youngest person ever to finish secondary education in Puerto Rico and to be admitted to a university in Puerto Rico.	Luis Balbino Arroyo	1990
date of birth	Ilyas Gadit (born 1946) is associated with Gujrati Journalism for over four decades and has been the editor of Gujrati evening paper ``Watan'' for almost a decade.	Ilyas Gadit	1946
date of birth	Max Basheer AM (born 1927) is a former administrator with the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Max Basheer	1927
date of birth	Frank André Pollmächer (born 22 March 1983 in Riesa) is a German long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres.	André Pollmächer	22 March 1983
date of birth	Lorraine Fullbrook (born 28 July 1959) is a British Conservative former MP for South Ribble, first elected in 2010.	Lorraine Fullbrook	28 July 1959
date of birth	Heide Seyerling (born 19 August 1976) is a former South African athlete specializing in the 200 and 400 metres.	Heide Seyerling	19 August 1976
date of birth	Ohad Milstein (Hebrew: אוהד מילשטיין‎; born 1973) is an Israeli documentary filmmaker, photographer and video artist, located in Israel, Tel Aviv.	Ohad Milstein	1973
date of birth	Jeff Banks CBE (born Jeffrey Tatham-Banks, 17 March 1943) is a Welsh designer of men's and women's clothing, jewellery, and home furnishings.	Jeff Banks	17 March 1943
date of birth	Vikas Mishra (27 December 1992) is an Indian first-class cricketer.	Vikas Mishra	27 December 1992
date of birth	Yuri Melikov was born in 1997 to an Armenian father and a Cypriot-Russian mother.	Yuri Melikov	1997
date of birth	Lieutenant General Hattingh Pretorius SD SM MMM (1942--2008) was a South African military commander, who held the post of Chief of the South African Army November 1, 1993 --	Hattingh Pretorius	1942
date of birth	Nasr Mahrous Abdel Masih Tanious (born 7 January 1969) is an Egyptian music producer, best known for his Free Music art production company.	Nasr Mahrous	7 January 1969
date of birth	Sandro Bracchitta (born 24 September 1966 in Ragusa) is an Italian artist and engraver.	Sandro Bracchitta	24 September 1966
date of birth	Bernard Evans Ward (1857 -- August 3, 1933) was a British painter who emigrated to the United States.	Bernard Evans Ward	1857
date of birth	Norman Wray (February 18, 1923 -- December 23, 2014) was an American Roman Catholic religious brother who worked in Sindh, Pakistan, to rehabilitate drug addicts.	Norman Wray	1923
date of birth	LaVannes C. Squires (born 1931) was the first African-American to play basketball at the University of Kansas during the 1951-1954 seasons, which made him a part of the 1952 National Championship team.	LaVannes C. Squires	1931
date of birth	Mārtiņš Bondars (born 31 December 1971) is a Latvian financier, politician, and former basketball player.	Mārtiņš Bondars	31 December 1971
date of birth	Bengt Forsberg (born 1952) is a Swedish concert pianist most famous for his numerous collaborations with the mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter.	Bengt Forsberg	1952
date of birth	Astrid Smeplass (born 29 October 1996), known professionally as Astrid S or simply Astrid, is a Norwegian singer and songwriter.	Astrid S	29 October 1996
date of birth	John Katzman (born October 10, 1959) is best known as an educationalist.	John Katzman	1959
date of birth	Louis-Joseph-Amédée Papineau, or Amédée Papineau (1819-1903) was a writer and Québecois patriot.	Amédée Papineau	1819
date of birth	Dragan Radulović (1969 in Cetinje) is a Montenegrin writer, literary reviewer and essayist.	Dragan Radulović	1969
date of birth	Gheorghe Chivu (born 7 October 1947 in Ilfov County) is a Romanian linguist and philologist, university professor and corresponding member of the Romanian Academy since 2010.	Gheorghe Chivu	7 October 1947
date of birth	Marlon Forrester: born 1976, Georgetown, Guyana, South America, painter, artist, educator raised in Boston, MA.	Marlon Forrester	1976
date of birth	Patrick Naughton (born in 1965) is an American software developer, known as one of the creators of the Java programming language and later a high-profile sex offender.	Patrick Naughton	1965
date of birth	Alex Zane (born Faris Alexander L. Albayaty; 3 March 1979) is an English television presenter and DJ.	Alex Zane	3 March 1979
date of birth	Craig Nettelbeck (born 26 May 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Craig Nettelbeck	26 May 1972
date of birth	Peter Donebauer (1947) is a British artist specializing in video, moving image and associated businesses.	Peter Donebauer	1947
date of birth	Katarina Krpež Slezak (Serbian Cyrillic: Катарина Крпеж, born 2 May 1988) is a Serbian handballer.	Katarina Krpež Slezak	2 May 1988
date of birth	Luke Tan (born 1977), alias Michael Luchtan, is a country singer and songwriter.	Luke Tan	1977
date of birth	Peter Straughan (born 1968) is a playwright and author, based in the north-east of England.	Peter Straughan	1968
date of birth	Ji So-yun (Korean: 지소연, born 21 February 1991) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays for Chelsea LFC in the FA WSL and the South Korean national team.	Ji So-yun	21 February 1991
date of birth	Irfan Sukkur (born 22 May 1993) is a Bangladeshi First class and List A cricket player.He was born in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Irfan Sukkur	22 May 1993
date of birth	Dr. Rajendra Singh Paroda (born 1942 in Ajmer, Rajasthan) is an Indian agricultural scientist.	Rajendra Singh Paroda	1942
date of birth	Michelle Massey (born 1981) is an English businessperson and former model.	Michelle Massey	1981
date of birth	Boldnesian (1963--1975) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.	Boldnesian	1963
date of birth	Eleftheria Eleftheriou (Greek: Ελευθερία Ελευθερίου; Greek pronunciation: (elefθeˈria elefθeˈriu); born 12 May 1989) is a Greek Cypriot singer and actress.	Eleftheria Eleftheriou	12 May 1989
date of birth	Harrie Vredenburg (born 1952) is Professor of Strategy at the University of Calgary's Haskayne School of Business and is the Suncor Energy Chair in Competitive Strategy and Sustainable Development, a research chair affiliated with the University's Institute for Sustainable Energy, Environment and Economy.	Harrie Vredenburg	1952
date of birth	Mattias Svensson (born 5 October 1972 in Karlskrona) is a Swedish libertarian writer and political commentator.	Mattias Svensson	5 October 1972
date of birth	Marcus Maye (born c. 1994) is a college football player for the Florida Gators of the University of Florida.	Marcus Maye	1994
date of birth	Ron Mamiya (born 1949) is an American lawyer, judge, and Japanese-American community organizer who comes from a family with a long record of community service in Washington State (USA).	Ron Mamiya	1949
date of birth	Gérard Meister (4 September 1889 -- 7 November 1967) was a French freestyle swimmer.	Gérard Meister	4 September 1889
date of birth	Gary Gold (born 6 July 1967) is a professional Rugby Union coach currently employed as Head Coach of the Cell C Sharks.	Gary Gold	6 July 1967
date of birth	Markos Dounis (Greek: Μάρκος Ντούνης, born 9 May 1992) is a professional Greek football player, who play for Aris.	Markos Dounis	9 May 1992
date of birth	Paul Pyant (born 22 July 1953) is a British lighting designer, whose designs have been featured in the West End, on Broadway and in opera houses around the world.	Paul Pyant	22 July 1953
date of birth	Frank Cole (1954 -- 2000) was an award-winning Canadian documentary filmmaker and avid surfer who became the first North American to cross the Sahara alone on camel from the Atlantic Ocean to the Red Sea, in 1990.	Frank Cole	1954
date of birth	Denis Tuohy (born 2 April 1937, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a television broadcaster, actor, newsreader and journalist.	Denis Tuohy	2 April 1937
date of birth	Peter Maniatis (born February 1973) in Melbourne, Australia is a TV host and boxing promoter, particularly known for his fashion sense and out-going personality.	Peter Maniatis	February 1973
date of birth	Alan Barrow (born 23 January 1955 in Umtata, Cape Province) is a former South African first class cricketer.	Alan Barrow	23 January 1955
date of birth	Stanley Lupino (15 May 1893 -- 10 June 1942) was an English actor, dancer, singer, librettist, director and short story writer, who began life as Stanley Richard Lupino Hook.	Stanley Lupino	15 May 1893
date of birth	Megan Sylvester (born 4 July 1994 in Barnsley) is a synchronised diver.	Megan Sylvester	4 July 1994
date of birth	Lyda Borelli (22 March 1884 -- 2 June 1959) was an Italian actress of cinema and theatre.	Lyda Borelli	22 March 1884
date of birth	Liviu Prunaru (born in Craiova, 1969) is a Romanian violinist.	Liviu Prunaru	1969
date of birth	Sergio Giral (born 2 January 1937) is a Cuban-American film writer and director.	Sergio Giral	2 January 1937
date of birth	Joe Satrom (born 10 October 1945) is a businessman and environmental lobbyist from the U.S. state of North Dakota.	Joe Satrom	10 October 1945
date of birth	Prince Wimbley (born September 22, 1970) is a former American and Canadian football wide receiver in the Canadian Football League (CFL) and Arena Football League (AFL).	Prince Wimbley	1970
date of birth	Christian Audigier (French pronunciation: ​(kristjã~ odižje); born Christian Ginutti, 21 May 1958 -- 10 July 2015) was a French fashion designer known for the Ed Hardy and Von Dutch clothing lines.	Christian Audigier	21 May 1958
date of birth	Chester Clute (1891--1956) was an American actor familiar in scores of Hollywood films from his debut in 1930.	Chester Clute	1891
date of birth	Said Mohamed Otta (Arabic: سعيد محمد قطة‎; born 3 January 1992) is an Egyptian footballer with Zamalek who is known with his dribbling and stunning speed .	Said Mohamed Otta	3 January 1992
date of birth	Caleb Quaye (born 9 October 1948), is an English Afro-European rock guitarist and studio musician best known for his work in the 1960s and 1970s with Elton John, Mick Jagger, Pete Townshend, Paul McCartney and Hall & Oates and also toured with Shawn Phillips in the 70's.	Caleb Quaye	9 October 1948
date of birth	Massoud Mehrabi (born in 1954 in Tehran) is an Iranian journalist, writer and caricaturist.	Massoud Mehrabi	1954
date of birth	Lorna Ruth Dow (born 28 June 1926 in Ouyen, Victoria, Australia - died 1989) was an Australian cricket player.	Ruth Dow	28 June 1926
date of birth	Svend Foyn Bruun, Jr. (1 May 1926 -- ??) was a Norwegian ship-owner and whaler.	Svend Foyn Bruun, Jr.	1926
date of birth	Tommaso Riccardi was born in Trevi on 24 June 1844 and spent his childhood in Umbria.	Tommaso Riccardi	24 June 1844
date of birth	Orsino Orsini Migliorati (1473--1500) was the husband of Giulia ``La Bella'' Farnese (1474--1524), the mistress of Pope Alexander VI.	Orsino Orsini	1473
date of birth	Štefan Margita (born 3 August 1956) is a Slovak opera singer who has had an active international career since 1981.	Štefan Margita	3 August 1956
date of birth	Junior Campbell (born William Campbell Jnr, 31 May 1947) is a Scottish composer, songwriter and musician.	Junior Campbell	31 May 1947
date of birth	Mariada Pieridi (; born 13 July 1973) is a Greek Cypriot pop singer.	Mariada Pieridi	13 July 1973
date of birth	Michael George Henry OD (born 1943), better known as Ras Michael, is a Jamaican reggae singer and Nyabinghi specialist.	Ras Michael	1943
date of birth	Park Jong-il (Korean: 박종일; born 1972) is a South Korean ski mountaineer.	Park Jong-il	1972
date of birth	Leovegildo Lins da Gama Júnior (born 29 June 1954), known simply as Júnior or Léo Júnior, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a left back or midfielder.	Leovegildo Lins da Gama Júnior	29 June 1954
date of birth	Percy Cummings (born 5 September 1946) is a former Australian rules football player who played five games for Hawthorn Football Club.	Percy Cummings	5 September 1946
date of birth	Catherine Lucy Wilhelmina Powlett, Duchess of Cleveland (née Stanhope; 1 June 1819 -- 18 May 1901), was an English historian and genealogist, best known for her 1889 work The Battle Abbey Roll with some Account of the Norman Lineages.	Wilhelmina Powlett, Duchess of Cleveland	1 June 1819
date of birth	Emigdio Vasquez was born on May 25, 1939 in the historic mining town of Jerome, Arizona.	Emigdio Vasquez	1939
date of birth	Mark Alvey (born 10 June 1980) is an Australian rules football player who was drafted by the Western Bulldogs in the 1997 draft from the Bendigo U18s.	Mark Alvey	10 June 1980
date of birth	Boris Muñoz (21 May 1969 in Caracas), is a Venezuelan journalist and author of several books, including:	Boris Muñoz	21 May 1969
date of birth	Djima Oyawolé (born 18 October 1976) is a Togolese former footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a striker.	Djima Oyawolé	18 October 1976
date of birth	Blanche McCrary Boyd (born 1945) is an American author whose novels are known for their eccentric characters.	Blanche McCrary Boyd	1945
date of birth	Andrew Salkey (30 January 1928 -- 28 April 1995) was a novelist, poet, children's books writer and journalist of Jamaican and Haitian origin.	Andrew Salkey	30 January 1928
date of birth	John Kok (born 1948) studied as an undergraduate at Trinity Christian College near Chicago, Illinois, USA, under Maartin Vrieze and Calvin Seerveld.	John Kok	1948
date of birth	Sally James Farnham was an American sculptor born Ogdensburg, New York November 26, 1869 into a prominent local family.	Sally James Farnham	1869
date of birth	Lindsay Charnock (1955 -- 2015) was an English jockey who competed in flat racing.	Lindsay Charnock	1955
date of birth	Sezgin Coşkun (born 23 August 1984) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Eskişehirspor in right back and centre back position because of his aerial ability and tackling skills.	Sezgin Coşkun	23 August 1984
date of birth	Dušan Radolský (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈduʃan ˈradolskiː); born 13 November 1950) is a Slovak former football player and manager.	Dušan Radolský	13 November 1950
date of birth	Mary Beth Edelson (born 1933) is an American artist and pioneer in the Feminist art movement, deemed one of the notable ``first generation feminist artists.''	Mary Beth Edelson	1933
date of birth	Fırat Aydınus (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈfɯɾat ˈajdɯnus), born 25 October 1973) is a Turkish international football referee.	Fırat Aydınus	25 October 1973
date of birth	Ruslan Skvortsov (Russian: Руслан Васильевич Скворцов; born 31 January 1980) is a Russian principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ballet.	Ruslan Skvortsov	31 January 1980
date of birth	Shane Easson (born 22 March 1955) was Chief of Staff to former NSW Premier Barrie Unsworth.	Shane Easson	22 March 1955
date of birth	Henry Highton (1816--1874) was an English schoolmaster and clergyman, Principal of Cheltenham College, known also as a scientific and theological writer.	Henry Highton	1816
date of birth	Gerald B. Appel (born 1947) is an American physician and kidney researcher known both for his celebrity patients and for his scholarly work on the renal manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus.	Gerald B. Appel	1947
date of birth	Prideaux Selby (baptised 21 December 1747 -- 9 May 1813) was an English soldier and political figure in Upper Canada.	Prideaux Selby	21 December 1747
date of birth	Blessed Giovanni Battista Scalabrini (John Baptist Scalabrini) (8 July 1839 -- 1 June 1905) was ordained priest on 30 May 1863.	Giovanni Battista Scalabrini	8 July 1839
date of birth	Magdalena Ruiz Guiñazú (born 15 February 1935) is an Argentine writer and journalist.	Magdalena Ruiz Guiñazú	15 February 1935
date of birth	Jordan Murch (born 15 September 1989) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Irvine Meadow in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Jordan Murch	15 September 1989
date of birth	Ruby Hammer, MBE (born 10 December 1961) is a British internationally acclaimed fashion and beauty makeup artist, columnist, co-founder of Ruby & Millie, and co-founder and Director of Scarlett & Crimson cosmetics brand.	Ruby Hammer	10 December 1961
date of birth	Sir John Graham Kerr FRS (18 September 1869 -- 21 April 1957), known to his friends as Graham Kerr, was a Scottish embryologist and Unionist Member of Parliament (MP).	John Graham Kerr	18 September 1869
date of birth	Tonći Mujan (born 19 July 1995) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Hajduk Split's reserve team in the Treća HNL, as a left winger.	Tonći Mujan	19 July 1995
date of birth	Nashla Bogaert (born 11 May 1986) is a Dominican actress and TV presenter.	Nashla Bogaert	11 May 1986
date of birth	Raymundo Damasceno Assis (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʁajˈmũdu damaˈsenu aˈsis); born 15 February 1937) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Raymundo Damasceno Assis	15 February 1937
date of birth	Mahali Jasuli (born 2 April 1989) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a right back or a midfielder for Johor Darul Takzim FC.	Mahali Jasuli	2 April 1989
date of birth	Doug Vogt (/ˈvoʊt/; born 1959) is a Canadian photojournalist and cameraman.	Doug Vogt	1959
date of birth	Pierre Assouline (born 17 April 1953) is a writer and journalist.	Pierre Assouline	17 April 1953
date of birth	Alaur Rahman (Bengali: আলাউর রহমান; born 1960) is a Bangladeshi-born British singer.	Alaur Rahman	1960
date of birth	Chad Harden (born August 21, 1970) is a Canadian professional chuckwagon racer.	Chad Harden	1970
date of birth	Zvezdan Milošević (born 22 April 1964) is a Swedish-Serbian former footballer and manager.	Zvezdan Milošević	22 April 1964
date of birth	Damilola Adegbite (born Oluwadamilola Adegbite; 18 May 1985) is a Nigerian actress, model, and television personality.	Damilola Adegbite	18 May 1985
date of birth	Dr. James F. O'Gorman (b. 1933) is a leading American architectural historian, author, lecturer, editor, and consultant who taught for many years at Wellesley College.	James F. O'Gorman	1933
date of birth	Yelena Sinchukova (Cyrillic: Елена Синчукова; née Ivanova; born 23 January 1961 in Kemerovo) is a retired Soviet and later Russian athlete who specialised in the long jump.	Yelena Sinchukova	23 January 1961
date of birth	Violant of Castile (Spanish: Violante de Castilla y Aragón; 1265--1287/1308), infanta of Castile and Lady of Biscay on her marriage to Diego López V de Haro.	Violant of Castile	1265
date of birth	Luke Morris (born 20 October 1988) is an English jockey specialising in flat racing.	Luke Morris	20 October 1988
date of birth	Davide Bendinelli (19 October 1974, in Caprino Veronese) is an Italian politician from Veneto.	Davide Bendinelli	19 October 1974
date of birth	Maiko Gogoladze (Georgian: მაიკო გოგოლაძე ; born 9 September 1991) is a Georgian long jumper.	Maiko Gogoladze	9 September 1991
date of birth	Mário Goulart Lino (born 9 January 1937) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as right back and manager.	Mário Goulart Lino	9 January 1937
date of birth	David Davidar (born 27 September 1958) is an Indian novelist and publisher.	David Davidar	27 September 1958
date of birth	Hymie Kloner (23 May 1929 -- July 2010) was a South African professional footballer who won four caps for his national team and who played in the Football League for Birmingham City.	Hymie Kloner	23 May 1929
date of birth	Hunter Lewis (born October 1947) is the co-founder of Cambridge Associates LLC, a global investment firm, and author of books in the fields of economics and moral philosophy.	Hunter Lewis	1947
date of birth	Gareth Maule (born in Pontypool, Wales on 4 December 1987) is a Welsh rugby union player currently playing at Centre for Bristol Rugby.	Gareth Maule	4 December 1987
date of birth	Boom Bam (born Gene Heisser, 1971) is one of the founding members of Compton's Most Wanted and underground rap group N.O.T.R. Heisser was born in Compton, California.	Boom Bam	1971
date of birth	Jeffery M. Leving (born 1951, Chicago, Illinois) is a Chicago divorce attorney who specializes in matrimonial and family law.	Jeffery M. Leving	1951
date of birth	George Henry Evans Hopkins (``Harry'') was born in Hanley in Staffordshire on 22 March 1898, the son of the Rev. George Blagden Hopkins, curate of Hanley, and his wife, Hannah Fletcher Evans.	George Henry Evans Hopkins	22 March 1898
date of birth	Tomas Platzer (born 1969) (sometimes shown as Thomas Platzer) is a German bobsledder and skeleton racer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s.	Tomas Platzer	1969
date of birth	Ida Marie Honoré Grant (June 4, 1854 -- September 5, 1930) was an American socialite, philanthropist, and ambassador's wife.	Ida Marie Honoré	1854
date of birth	Margaret Ball (1515--1584) was a prominent member of 16th-century Irish society, who, despite being the widow of a Lord Mayor of Dublin, was arrested for her adherence to the Catholic faith and died of deprivation in the dungeons of Dublin Castle.	Margaret Ball	1515
date of birth	Melissa Dunphy (born 1980) is an Australian-American composer of classical music.	Melissa Dunphy	1980
date of birth	Aviv Hadad (born 4 February 1984) is an Israeli football player, currently playing for Bnei Yehuda.	Aviv Hadad	4 February 1984
date of birth	Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson (born 5 April 1989), better known by her stage name Lily James, is an English actress.	Lily James	5 April 1989
date of birth	Herbie Redmond (1929 - April 4, 1990), known variously as ``Herbie the Hoofer,'' ``Short Dog,'' and ``Herbie the Love Bug,'' was the Detroit Tigers' dancing groundskeeper who was one of the most colorful and popular characters in Detroit baseball in the 1970s and 1980s.	Herbie Redmond	1929
date of birth	Henry Kleist (September 29, 1860 - 1929) was a farmer from Rantoul, Wisconsin, United States, who served one term as a state senator.	Henry Kleist	1860
date of birth	Eve Gil (born 1968) is a Mexican writer and journalist from Hermosillo, Sonora.	Eve Gil	1968
date of birth	John S. Dickerson (born 1982) is a Christian pastor, author and a nationally-awarded American journalist.	John S. Dickerson	1982
date of birth	Zeng Gong (Chinese: 曾鞏; pinyin: Zēng Gǒng, 1019--1083), courtesy name Zigu (子固), was a Chinese scholar and historian of the Song Dynasty in China.	Zeng Gong	1019
date of birth	Germain de Brie (1490 - 1538), sometimes Latinized as Germanus Brixius, was a Renaissance French humanist scholar and poet.	Germain de Brie	1490
date of birth	Savica Mrkić (born 26 September 1991) is a Macedonian handball player for Romanian handball team SC Mureșul Târgu Mureș and the Macedonian national team.	Savica Mrkić	26 September 1991
date of birth	M. R. Rajagopal, MD, (born 23 September 1947) is an Indian palliative care physician.	M. R. Rajagopal	23 September 1947
date of birth	Bjørn Nilsen (born 27 December 1934) is a Norwegian poet and television producer.	Bjørn Nilsen	1934
date of birth	Katherine Hancock Ragsdale (born c. 1959) is an American Episcopal priest based in Massachusetts and former president and dean of Episcopal Divinity School.	Katherine Hancock Ragsdale	1959
date of birth	John Beirne, Snr (1 April 1893 -- date of death unknown) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician.	John Beirne, Snr	1 April 1893
date of birth	Ferdinando Sforzini (born 4 December 1984) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Virtus Entella in Serie B. He plays as a Striker.	Ferdinando Sforzini	4 December 1984
date of birth	Jay T. Wright (born 1972) is a filmmaker best known for showing in European video spaces and independent film festivals.	Jay T. Wright	1972
date of birth	Yan Meizhu (Chinese: 闫美珠; born 28 January 1989) is a Chinese handball player.	Yan Meizhu	28 January 1989
date of birth	Matthew Paul Moyle (1788 -- 1880), meteorologist and writer on mining, second son of John Moyle, by Julia, daughter of Jonathan Hornblower, was born at Chacewater, Cornwall, 4 October 1788, and educated at Guy's and St. Thomas's Hospitals.	Matthew Paul Moyle	4 October 1788
date of birth	Zoë Strachan (born 1975) is a Scottish novelist, journalist and university tutor.	Zoë Strachan	1975
date of birth	Merryl Wyn Davies (23 June 1948) is a Welsh Muslim scholar, writer and broadcaster who specializes in Islam, and the co-author of books and articles with Ziauddin Sardar.	Merryl Wyn Davies	23 June 1948
date of birth	Joy Whitby (born 27 July 1930) is an English television producer and executive who during her career has specialised in children's programmes.	Joy Whitby	27 July 1930
date of birth	Philip Mackenzie Ross (1890--1974) was a Scottish golf course architect who worked throughout Europe developing golf courses in France, Spain and Portugal as well as the United Kingdom.	Mackenzie Ross	1890
date of birth	Brendan Rodgers (born 26 January 1973) is a Northern Irish football coach and former player who most recently was the manager of Premier League club Liverpool.	Brendan Rodgers	26 January 1973
date of birth	Fabrizio Bentivoglio (born 4 January 1957) is an Italian cinema and theatre actor and a screenwriter.	Fabrizio Bentivoglio	4 January 1957
date of birth	Tony Allcock MBE (born 1955) is a British bowls player.	Tony Allcock	1955
date of birth	Zhou Bohua (Chinese: 周伯华; born July 1948) is a retired politician of the People's Republic of China.	Zhou Bohua	1948
date of birth	Lee Hirsch (born 1972) is a documentary filmmaker.	Lee Hirsch	1972
date of birth	Mischa van der Heiden (born 1 September 1971, Rotterdam), commonly known by his stage name DJ Misjah, is a Dutch DJ. In 1995, he produced ``Access'' which would be featured along with the Warp Brothers, MDM, and several others on the album, Radikal Techno 6.	DJ Misjah	1 September 1971
date of birth	Elizabeth Belinda Douglas-Scott-Montagu, Baroness Montagu of Beaulieu, née Crossley (born 11 January 1932), is a British embroiderer.	Belinda Douglas-Scott-Montagu, Baroness Montagu of Beaulieu	11 January 1932
date of birth	Nathan Fielder (born February 2, 1983) is a Canadian writer and comedian.	Nathan Fielder	1983
date of birth	Ali Talip Özdemir (born 1953) is a Turkish politician and the former leader of the Motherland Party (Anavatan Partisi, ANAP).	Ali Talip Özdemir	1953
date of birth	Orkan Telhan (born 1976 in Oberhausen, West Germany) is an interdisciplinary artist, designer and researcher.	Orkan Telhan	1976
date of birth	Dom Speakman (born 22 March 1994) is a rugby league player originally from Widnes.	Dom Speakman	22 March 1994
date of birth	Daniela Kosán Montcourt is a Venezuelan model and television presenter born February 24, 1974 in Maracay.	Daniela Kosán	1974
date of birth	Martin Hudec (born 15 April 1982) is Czech football player who currently plays for VfL Osnabrück.	Martin Hudec	15 April 1982
date of birth	Anahit Manasyan (born 24 June 1988 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian constitutionalist and an adviser to the President of the RA Constitutional Court.	Anahit Manasyan	24 June 1988
date of birth	Jarred Moore (born 6 March 1986) is an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League (AFL) who is currently serving as a development coach with the North Melbourne Football Club.	Jarred Moore	6 March 1986
date of birth	Ronald Stamper (born 1934 in West Bridgford, United Kingdom) is a British computer scientist, formerly a researcher in the LSE and Professor at the University of Twente, known for his pioneering work in Organisational semiotics, and the creation of the MEASUR methodology and the SEDITA framework.	Ronald Stamper	1934
date of birth	Michael Uebel (born 1964), a pioneer in the application of psychological insights to the historical intersections of social, personal, and imaginative phenomena, is a psychotherapist and researcher in Austin, Texas.	Michael Uebel	1964
date of birth	Farida Yasmin (3 February 1940 -- 8 August 2015) was a Bangladeshi playback singer.	Farida Yasmin	3 February 1940
date of birth	Cynthia Cary Van Pelt Russell (born October 16, 1924) is an American socialite, who was part of American 'High Society' in New York and Newport, Rhode Island.	Cynthia Cary Van Pelt Russell	1924
date of birth	Enver Alivodić (Serbian Cyrillic: Eнвep Aливoдић; born 27 December 1984) is a Serbian footballer who plays for the Newcastle Jets of the Australian A-League.	Enver Alivodić	27 December 1984
date of birth	Jørgen Carling (born 11 November 1974 in Oslo) is a Norwegian researcher specializing on international migration.	Jørgen Carling	11 November 1974
date of birth	Naini Narshimha Reddy (born 1934) is the Home Minister of Telangana.	Naini Narshimha Reddy	1934
date of birth	James T. Laney (born 1927) was dean at the Candler School of Theology, president of Emory University and United States Ambassador to South Korea.	James T. Laney	1927
date of birth	Osama Kamal (born 5 April 1959) was the Egyptian minister of petroleum and mineral resources.	Osama Kamal	5 April 1959
date of birth	Ismail Keta (born 1 December 1976 in Bulqizë) is an Albanian kickboxer who became three times champion of Germany in 1999 and 2000 in the Federation WKA, in 2001 proclaimed world champion Under Thaibox ( WKA ), 10 years later in November 19-11-2011 wins title Federation World Champion Iska .	Ismail Keta	1 December 1976
date of birth	William C. Weeks (born 1856) was an architect in Wisconsin.	William C. Weeks	1856
date of birth	Don Rojas (born 1949) is a journalist and political commentator from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Don Rojas	1949
date of birth	Vice Admiral Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers, FRS (26 May 1722 -- 1 October 1778) was a British Royal Navy officer, peer, freemason and amateur astronomer.	Washington Shirley, 5th Earl Ferrers	26 May 1722
date of birth	Michael Waistell Taylor (1824--1892) was a Scottish physician, known also as an antiquary.	Michael Waistell Taylor	1824
date of birth	Han Tianyu (Chinese: 韩天宇; born 3 June 1996) is a Chinese short track speed skater.	Han Tianyu	3 June 1996
date of birth	Juan Cavia (born on 14 January 1984 in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentinian illustrator and art director.	Juan Cavia	14 January 1984
date of birth	Robert Gallagher (born 1969 in Kensington, England) is an award winning commercial and editorial photographer currently based in Los Angeles, California.	Robert Gallagher	1969
date of birth	Julian Vannerson (1827--after 1875) was a photographer during the American Civil War of the 1860s.	Julian Vannerson	1827
date of birth	Benjamín Mayorga Mora (born 15 October 1966), otherwise known as El Indio (The Indian) or simply as Mincho, is a retired Costa Rican soccer player from the 1980s and 1990s.	Benjamín Mayorga	15 October 1966
date of birth	Kary Antholis (born 1962) is an American executive at the television network HBO who has overseen some of its groundbreaking socially conscious programming.	Kary Antholis	1962
date of birth	Joseph Lalor (1811 -- 18 August 1886) was a pioneering Irish mental health administrator and a reforming superintendent of the Richmond District Asylum for 29 years (1857--1886).	Joseph Lalor	1811
date of birth	Rochelle Majer Krich (born 1947) is a writer of mystery novels and winner of an Anthony Award and the Mary Higgins Clark Award.	Rochelle Majer Krich	1947
date of birth	Pietro Antonio Avanzini (Piacenza, 1656 - 1733) was an Italian painter.	Pietro Antonio Avanzini	1656
date of birth	Randolph Osborne Douglas (31 March 1895 - 5 December 1956) was a silversmith, artist and amateur escapologist, who worked under the stage name, 'The Great Randini'.	Randolph Osborne Douglas	31 March 1895
date of birth	Barry Wagstaff, (born 26 November 1945) was a professional footballer with Sheffield United, Reading and Rotherham United.	Barry Wagstaff	26 November 1945
date of birth	Umran Javed (born 1979) is a former spokesman for Al-Muhajiroun, a designated and banned terrorist organisation.	Umran Javed	1979
date of birth	Vahida Maglajlić (17 April 1907 -- 1 April 1943) was a Yugoslav Partisan recognized as a People's Hero of Yugoslavia for her part in the struggle against the Axis powers during World War II. She was the only Bosnian Muslim woman to receive the order.	Vahida Maglajlić	17 April 1907
date of birth	Luke Webster (born 25 May 1982) is an Australian rules football coach and former player.	Luke Webster	25 May 1982
date of birth	Adi Konstantinos (Hebrew: עדי קונסטנטינוס‎; born 9 November 1994) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva.	Adi Konstantinos	9 November 1994
date of birth	El Sayyid Nosair (born 16 November 1955) is an Egyptian-born American citizen, convicted of involvement in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.	El Sayyid Nosair	16 November 1955
date of birth	Mitch Jacobson (born 1963) is an American producer/director, video editor and educator specializing in multi-camera production.	Mitch Jacobson	1963
date of birth	Jakob Herrmann (born 24 July 1987) is an Austrian ski mountaineer and paraglider pilot.	Jakob Herrmann	24 July 1987
date of birth	John Bodkin Adams (21 January 1899 -- 4 July 1983) was an Irish general practitioner, convicted fraudster and suspected serial killer.	John Bodkin Adams	21 January 1899
date of birth	Emer O'Brien (born 1974) is an installation artist with a background in photography, she was born in Dublin and raised in Toronto.	Emer O'Brien	1974
date of birth	William Rickatson Dykes was born on 4 November 1877 at Bayswater in London, the second son of Alfred Dykes.	William Rickatson Dykes	4 November 1877
date of birth	Con Constantine (born 1 July 1945) is a Cypriot Australian businessman and the former owner of the Australian football (soccer) club Newcastle United Jets.	Con Constantine	1 July 1945
date of birth	Cornstalk (Shawnee: Hokoleskwa) (ca. 1720 -- November 10, 1777) was a prominent leader of the Shawnee nation just prior to the American Revolution (1775-1783).	Cornstalk	1720
date of birth	Felix von Manteuffel (born Friedrich Karl Baron von Manteuffel-Szoege 6 May 1945) is a German actor.	Felix von Manteuffel	6 May 1945
date of birth	Mark Kellett (born 29 July 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda, Footscray and Sydney in the Victorian/Australia Football League (VFL/AFL).	Mark Kellett	29 July 1960
date of birth	Ma Mingzhe (Chinese: 马明哲; born 1955) is Chairman of Ping An Insurance.	Ma Mingzhe	1955
date of birth	Isabella Gonzaga (1576--1630) was a duchess consort of Mantua and Montferrat as the wife of Vincenzo II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua.	Isabella Gonzaga	1576
date of birth	Keith Morton (born 11 August 1934) is an English former footballer who scored 52 goals from 176 appearances in the Football League for Crystal Palace and Darlington in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Keith Morton	11 August 1934
date of birth	Alireza Mousavi (Persian: علیرضا موسوی‎‎, born 27 April 1990) is an Iranian handball player for Dinamo București and the Iranian national team.	Alireza Mousavi	27 April 1990
date of birth	Karim Mouzaoui (born 20 November 1975) is a French football player of Algerian descent.	Karim Mouzaoui	20 November 1975
date of birth	Randy Pedersen (born 1962) is a professional bowler and color analyst for ESPN's coverage of the PBA Tour.	Randy Pedersen	1962
date of birth	Bryan Strauchan was born in 1984 to Roy and Soy Bean Strauchan in the country town of Horsham, Victoria.	Bryan Strauchan	1984
date of birth	Michel Poivert (born 1965) is professor of the history of contemporary art and photography at the Sorbonne.	Michel Poivert	1965
date of birth	Rumyana Spasova (born 5 February 1989 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian former pair skater.	Rumyana Spasova	5 February 1989
date of birth	Jacques Thomas Sarrut (16 August 1765 -- 26 June 1813) joined the French army and became a division commander in the First French Empire of Napoleon.	Jacques Thomas Sarrut	16 August 1765
date of birth	Yves Daoust (born 10 April 1946) is a Canadian composer who is particularly known for his works of electroacoustic music.	Yves Daoust	10 April 1946
date of birth	Roman Fricke (born 23 March 1977 in Bremen) is a German high jumper, who won two national titles in the men's high jump event.	Roman Fricke	23 March 1977
date of birth	Barrister Jan Muhammad Junejo: (Urdu:جان محمد جونيجو, title: Raees-Ul-Muhajireen: رۂيس المھاجرين) born in 1886 Larkana, Sindh.	Jan Muhammad Junejo	1886
date of birth	Torill Fjellestad (born 21 April 1982) is a Norwegian former footballer, who most recently played for Jølster IL of the Second Division.	Torill Fjellestad	21 April 1982
date of birth	Ali Al-Zein (Arabic: علي الزين, 1949) is a Lebanese actor and voice actor.	Ali Al-Zein	1949
date of birth	Eleanor Mildred Sidgwick, (née Balfour; 11 March 1845 -- 10 February 1936), known as Nora to her family and friends, was an activist for the higher education of women, Principal of Newnham College of the University of Cambridge, and a leading figure in the Society for Psychical Research.	Eleanor Mildred Sidgwick	11 March 1845
date of birth	Robert E. Van Voorst (born 5 June 1952) is an American theologian and educator.	Robert E. Van Voorst	5 June 1952
date of birth	Stephen Chao (born 1955) is an American internet entrepreneur, television producer and media executive.	Stephen Chao	1955
date of birth	Debra Richtmeyer is an American classical saxophonist born June 19, 1957, in Lansing, Michigan.	Debra Richtmeyer	1957
date of birth	Stewart Edward White (12 March 1873 -- September 18, 1946) was an American writer, novelist, and spiritualist.	Stewart Edward White	12 March 1873
date of birth	Britta Kamrau-Corestein (born 6 April 1979 in Rostock) is a German long distance swimmer.	Britta Kamrau	6 April 1979
date of birth	Des Hughes (born 1970) is a British artist who lives and works in London and Herefordshire.	Des Hughes	1970
date of birth	Major-General Sir Thomas Morgan, 1st Baronet (1604 -- 13 April 1679) was a Welsh soldier during the English Civil War, and Commander-in-Chief in Scotland during the Restoration.	Sir Thomas Morgan, 1st Baronet	1604
date of birth	Luigi Benoit (8 February 1804, Avola -19 December 1890, Messina) was an Italian naturalist.	Luigi Benoit	8 February 1804
date of birth	Chase Tiatia (born 14 October 1995) is a Samoan rugby union player who currently plays as a utility back for the Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition.	Chase Tiatia	14 October 1995
date of birth	Mohamed Yousri Salama (Arabic: محمد يسري سلامة‎, 1 October 1974 -- 24 March 2013) was an Egyptian politician, writer and activist.	Mohamed Yousri Salama	1 October 1974
date of birth	William Kwasi Aboah (born 4 June 1939) is a Ghanaian barrister and politician.	William Kwasi Aboah	4 June 1939
date of birth	Neil Grove (born 18 January 1971) is a South African-English Heavyweight professional mixed martial artist.	Neil Grove	18 January 1971
date of birth	James Edward Petroc Trelawny (born 27 May 1971) is a British classical music radio and television broadcaster, who joined BBC Radio 3 in 1998, where he now presents Breakfast.	Petroc Trelawny	27 May 1971
date of birth	Alby Linton (18 November 1926 -- 11 April 2010) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Williamstown in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).	Alby Linton	18 November 1926
date of birth	Mark Tatum (1956 -- 26 February 2005) was an American man from Kentucky, who became known as ``the man without a face'' after he became in 2000 the victim of a very aggressive Mucormycosis infection.	Mark Tatum	1956
date of birth	Thomas Schröder (born 23 August 1962 in Waren) is a retired East German sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Thomas Schröder	23 August 1962
date of birth	Narain Chand Parashar (2 July 1934 -- 21 February 2001) was an Indian professor, linguist and writer.	Narain Chand Parashar	2 July 1934
date of birth	Aliaksandr Linnik (Belarusian: Аляксандар Ліньнік; born 28 January 1991) is a Belarusian sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres, as well as 110 metres hurdles.	Aliaksandr Linnik	28 January 1991
date of birth	Fritz Erler (15 December 1868 -- 11 December 1940) was a German painter, graphic designer and scenic designer.	Fritz Erler	15 December 1868
date of birth	Antoni Giełgud of Giełgud (1792-1831) was a Polish military officer, a general of the Polish Army.	Antoni Giełgud	1792
date of birth	Neelima Tirumalasetti (Telugu: నీలిమ)(Born 31 December 1975) is an Indian film and television producer.	Neelima Tirumalasetti	31 December 1975
date of birth	Ignacio Cáceres (born 18 June 1976) is a Spanish long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres, half marathon and marathon.	Ignacio Cáceres	18 June 1976
date of birth	Sir Arthur Snowden (29 July 1829 -- 18 June 1918) was an Australian lawyer, politician and mayor of Melbourne from 1892--95.	Arthur Snowden	29 July 1829
date of birth	Swami Ramdas (born Vittal Rao 10 April 1884 -- 25 July 1963) was an Indian saint, philosopher, philanthropist, and pilgrim.	Swami Ramdas	10 April 1884
date of birth	Alfred Edwin Jones, only son of Felix Thomas Jones and Mary Mitchell, was born in Shorncliff, Kent, England, on 14 August 1894.	Alfred Edwin Jones	14 August 1894
date of birth	Dennis Haskell (born 1948) is an Australian poet, critic and academic.	Dennis Haskell	1948
date of birth	Jeffrey Hopkins (born 1940) is an American Tibetologist.	Jeffrey Hopkins	1940
date of birth	Louis Kronberg (1872--1965) was an American figure painter, art dealer, advisor, and teacher.	Louis Kronberg	1872
date of birth	Scipione Tecchi J.C.D. S.T.D. (27 June 1854 -- 22 January 1915) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Congregation of Rites.	Scipione Tecchi	27 June 1854
date of birth	Nailiya Yulamanova (Russian: Наиля Гайнуловна Юламанова; born 6 September 1980) is a Russian long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon.	Nailiya Yulamanova	6 September 1980
date of birth	Muhammetnazar Gapurowiç Gapurow (15 February 1922 -- 13 July 1999) (sometimes referred to by the Russianized name Мухамедназар Гапурович Гапуров Mukhamednazar Gapurovich Gapurov) served as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR from 1969 until 1985.	Muhammetnazar Gapurow	15 February 1922
date of birth	Zsuzsanna Tomori (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʒuʒɒnːɒ ˈtomori); born 18 June 1987) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri ETO KC and the Hungarian national team.	Zsuzsanna Tomori	18 June 1987
date of birth	Kurt Mrkwicka (born 16 July 1937) is a retired Austrian diver.	Kurt Mrkwicka	16 July 1937
date of birth	Olzvoin Ochbayar (Mongolian: Олзвойн Очбаяр; born 26 April 1989) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Olzvoin Ochbayar	26 April 1989
date of birth	Richard Saumarez FRS FRSE FSA FRCS (13 November 1764 -- 28 January 1835) was a British surgeon and medical author.	Richard Saumarez	1764
date of birth	Sebastian Langeveld (born 17 January 1985) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale--	Sebastian Langeveld	17 January 1985
date of birth	Giorgio Ghezzi (11 July 1930 -- 12 December 1990), nicknamed ``Kamikaze'', was an Italian football player.	Giorgio Ghezzi	11 July 1930
date of birth	Niall Fitzgerald (born 1981) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.	Niall Fitzgerald	1981
date of birth	María del Mar Jover Pérez (born 21 April 1988 in Alicante) is a long jumper from Spain.	María del Mar Jover	21 April 1988
date of birth	Feng Xiaoting (simplified Chinese: 冯潇霆; traditional Chinese: 馮瀟霆; pinyin: Féng Xiāotíng; born 22 October 1985) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Feng Xiaoting	22 October 1985
date of birth	Lars Ulgenes (born 27 January 1918) is a former Norwegian shot putter.	Lars Ulgenes	27 January 1918
date of birth	Major General Elizabeth Cosson AM, CSC (born 1958) is a public servant and retired Australian Army officer.	Elizabeth Cosson	1958
date of birth	Yuliya Bichyk (Belarusian: Юлія Бічык; Russian: Юлия Бичик, Yuliya Bichik; born 1 April 1983) is a Belarusian rower.	Yuliya Bichyk	1 April 1983
date of birth	Drew Berry (born 1970 in the United States) is a biomedical animator at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, Australia.	Drew Berry	1970
date of birth	Michael L. Dorrough (born January 1942), American inventor and audio engineer generally regarded as the ``father of multi-band processing.''	Michael L. Dorrough	January 1942
date of birth	Maryann Plunkett (born ca. 1953) is an American actress who in 1987 won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical for her performance as ``Sally Smith'' in Me and My Girl.	Maryann Plunkett	1953
date of birth	John Bisbee (born 1965) is an American sculptor living and working in Maine.	John Bisbee	1965
date of birth	Garry Baker (born 24 March 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne, Footscray and Sydney in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Garry Baker	24 March 1953
date of birth	Steve Rowe (born 24 January 1965) is the founder, bass guitarist, and vocalist of the Australian Christian death metal band Mortification which was considered to be a major pioneer in the genre.	Steve Rowe	1965
date of birth	Sir Michael Smurfit, KBE (born 7 August 1936), is an Irish businessman.	Michael Smurfit	7 August 1936
date of birth	János Győri (born 10 September 1976) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Pécsi Mecsek FC Contemporary of Gabor Győri, world famous political analyst.	János Győri	10 September 1976
date of birth	Jerome Kitzke (born 1955) is a composer who grew up along the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Jerome Kitzke	1955
date of birth	Professor Jonathan Shalit OBE (born 17 April 1962) is a British talent manager and chairman of ROAR Global and Cole Kitchenn.	Jonathan Shalit	17 April 1962
date of birth	Sir John Barker, 1st Baronet (6 April 1840 -- 16 December 1914) was a British entrepreneur of the late 19th and early 20th century.	Sir John Barker, 1st Baronet	6 April 1840
date of birth	Zulqarnain Haider (Urdu: ذولقرنین حیدر‎, born 23 April 1986 in Lahore) is Pakistani cricketer who has played for his national team.	Zulqarnain Haider	23 April 1986
date of birth	Andrew Masterson (born 1961 in the United Kingdom) is an Australian author of crime fiction, horror and non-fiction.	Andrew Masterson	1961
date of birth	Huang Shaohong (1895 -- August 31, 1966) was a warlord in Guangxi province, and governed Guangxi as part of the New Guangxi Clique, though the later part of the Warlord era and a leader in the later years of the Republic of China.	Huang Shaohong	1895
date of birth	Francisca Ballesteros (born 1969) is a Spanish murderer who between 1990 and 2004 killed her two daughters and her husband and attempted to kill her son.	Francisca Ballesteros	1969
date of birth	Charles Edwards Lester or C. Edwards Lester (1815--90) was an American author and diplomat.	Charles Edwards Lester	1815
date of birth	Ben Fixter (born 23 June 1981) is an Australian rules football player who played with the Sydney and Brisbane Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ben Fixter	23 June 1981
date of birth	Mattia Gavazzi (born 14 June 1983) is an Italian road cyclist, who rides as a member of the Danish cycling team Christina Watches-Dana.	Mattia Gavazzi	14 June 1983
date of birth	René Zagger (born 1 June 1973) is an English actor, probably best known for playing PC Nick Klein in The Bill from 1999 to 2004.	René Zagger	1 June 1973
date of birth	Rustam Aghayev (Azerbaijani: Rüstəm Ağayev; born 1 May 1982 in Moscow, Russian SFSR) is a retired amateur Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler, who competed in the men's heavyweight category.	Rustam Aghayev	1 May 1982
date of birth	Mark Mercuri (born 21 February 1974) was a professional Australian rules football player for Essendon.	Mark Mercuri	21 February 1974
date of birth	His Hon. Henry Yorke Stanger (11 November 1849-19 April 1929), was a British Liberal Party politician and judge.	Henry Yorke Stanger	11 November 1849
date of birth	You Sang-joo (born 11 December 1968) is a South Korean fencer.	You Sang-joo	11 December 1968
date of birth	Jonathan Raban (born 14 June 1942, Hempton, Norfolk, UK) is a British travel writer and novelist.	Jonathan Raban	14 June 1942
date of birth	Arnon Soffer (born 24 December 1935 in Tel-Aviv) is an Israeli geographer and a professor of Geography and environmental sciences, specialising in water issues and demography.	Arnon Soffer	24 December 1935
date of birth	Lieutenant-General Aleksandr Petrovich Chumakov (Belarusian: Аляксандр Пятровіч Чумакоў; born on 26 November 1941) was the Defence Minister of Belarus from 1 November 1996 - 28 March 2001.	Aleksandr Petrovich Chumakov	26 November 1941
date of birth	Dr. Vinod Scaria (born 9 March 1981) is an Indian researcher specialising in micro-RNA and long noncoding RNA biology, who is best known for sequencing the first Indian genome.	Vinod Scaria	9 March 1981
date of birth	Lia van Rhijn (born Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel, 1953) is a Dutch ceramist and sculptor, who makes sculptures of human -- and animal figures and architectural forms.	Lia van Rhijn	1953
date of birth	Va Sokthorn or Va Quentin (born 14 July 1987) is a French-born Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in the Cambodian League.	Va Sokthorn	14 July 1987
date of birth	Frederick Daniel Hardy (13 February 1827 -- 1 April 1911) was an English genre painter and member of the Cranbrook Colony.	Frederick Daniel Hardy	13 February 1827
date of birth	Charles J. Cunningham (born 1932) was a Lieutenant General in the U.S. Air Force.	Charles J. Cunningham	1932
date of birth	Finis Tasby (1939 or 1940 -- November 2, 2014) was a Los Angeles based blues singer and frontman for the group The Mannish Boys.	Finis Tasby	1940
date of birth	Chia Chou (born 1960) is a Taiwanese pianist, and a naturalised Canadian citizen.	Chia Chou	1960
date of birth	Teófilo Torres (born 6 March 1954 in Ponce, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actor, director and professor of theatre.	Teófilo Torres	6 March 1954
date of birth	Markel Susaeta Laskurain (Basque: (markel s̻us̻aeta las̻kuɾain), Spanish: (ˈmarkel susaˈeta laskuˈɾain); born 14 December 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a right winger.	Markel Susaeta	14 December 1987
date of birth	Karamat Ali (born 18 March 1996) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer.	Karamat Ali	18 March 1996
date of birth	Jeremy Coller (born 17 May 1958) is a British financial executive and philanthropist.	Jeremy Coller	17 May 1958
date of birth	Emperor Huan of Han (Chinese: 漢桓帝; pinyin: Hàn Húan Dì; Wade--Giles: Han Huan-ti; 132--168) was the 27th emperor of the Han Dynasty after he was enthroned by the Empress Dowager and her brother Liang Ji on 1 August 146.	Emperor Huan of Han	132
date of birth	Sadichha Shrestha (Nepali: सदिच्छा श्रेष्ठ) (born 23 November 1991, in Kathmandu) is Miss Nepal 2010.	Sadichha Shrestha	23 November 1991
date of birth	Gareth John (born 17 January 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Gareth John	17 January 1972
date of birth	Smail Tulja (born Smajo Džurlić in Plav, Montenegro, Yugoslavia, in 1940 or 1941) is a Montenegrin who was convicted in a Montenegro court, in July 2010, for the 1990 murder of Mary Beal in New York City.	Smail Tulja	1940
date of birth	Željko Reiner (born 28 May 1953) is a Croatian physician, politician and university professor, member of The Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts, former Minister of Health and Social Welfare who serves as the 10th Speaker of the Croatian Parliament since December 28, 2015.	Željko Reiner	28 May 1953
date of birth	Frank Condon, MA, MFA, (b. Derbyshire, England, 1943) is a playwright and theatrical production director, the founding Artistic Director of River Stage, in Sacramento, California, and a professor of theatre at Cosumnes River College.	Frank Condon	1943
date of birth	Atso Almila (born 13 June 1953, in Helsinki1) is a Finnish orchestral conductor, musical director, composer, trombonist and teacher.	Atso Almila	1953
date of birth	José Parlá (1973), is a Brooklyn-based artist who is known for his paintings, architectural collaborations, sculpture and photography.	José Parlá	1973
date of birth	Otto Göbl (born 16 September 1936) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s.	Otto Göbl	16 September 1936
date of birth	Tamara Barykova ( born in 1914, Moscow, Russian Empire - unknown) was a student and a victim of religious repression against Catholics in USSR.	Tamara Barykova	1914
date of birth	Jonathan Littell (born 10 October 1967) is a writer living in Barcelona.	Jonathan Littell	10 October 1967
date of birth	Schelte a Bolswert (1586--1659) was a leading Dutch engraver, noted for his works after Rubens and Van Dyck	Schelte a Bolswert	1586
date of birth	Sabri Raheel (Arabic: صبري رحيل‎) (born on 2 October 1987) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Left-back for Egyptian Premier League side Al Ahly.	Sabri Raheel	2 October 1987
date of birth	Richard Neile (1562--1640) was an English churchman, bishop successively of six English dioceses, more than any other man, including the Archdiocese of York from 1631 until his death.	Richard Neile	1562
date of birth	Jim Main (born 1943) is a sports journalist and writer from Australia.	Jim Main	1943
date of birth	Bruce Jensen (born 1962 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a US illustrator who has created book covers for science fiction authors such as Kim Stanley Robinson, Neal Stephenson, Charles Sheffield, Joe Haldeman, Linda Nagata, and Philip K. Dick.	Bruce Jensen	1962
date of birth	Phil Callaway, who has achieved notoriety for his humorous writing and speaking, was born July 26, 1961 in Three Hills, Alberta, Canada.	Phil Callaway	1961
date of birth	Billy Bailey (1947 -- January 25, 1996) was a convicted murderer hanged in Delaware in 1996.	Billy Bailey	1947
date of birth	Irom Chanu Sharmila (born 14 March 1972), also known as the ``Iron Lady of Manipur'' or ``Mengoubi'' (``the fair one'') is a civil rights activist, political activist, and poet from the Indian state of Manipur.	Irom Chanu Sharmila	14 March 1972
date of birth	Charles Townshend, 3rd Viscount Townshend (11 July 1700 -- 12 March 1764), known as The Lord Lynn from 1723 to 1738, was a British politician.	Charles Townshend, 3rd Viscount Townshend	11 July 1700
date of birth	Erich Sack (1 April 1887 -- 24 January 1943) was a German Lutheran Pastor and resistance fighter against the Nazis.	Erich Sack	1 April 1887
date of birth	Muhammad Izzdin Shafiq bin Yacob (born 14 December 1990) known as Izzdin Shafiq is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers.	Izzdin Shafiq	14 December 1990
date of birth	Daniel Pope Cook (1794 -- October 16, 1827) was a politician, lawyer and newspaper publisher from the U.S. state of Illinois.	Daniel Pope Cook	1794
date of birth	Father Willie Doyle, S.J., MC or William Joseph Gabriel Doyle (3 March 1873 -- 16 August 1917), was an Irish Jesuit priest who was killed in action during the First World War.	Willie Doyle	3 March 1873
date of birth	Stefano Tilli (born 22 August 1962) is a retired Italian sprinter trained by Fabrizio Lepore, who specialized in the 100 and 200 m. He is a two-time European indoor champion, three-time semi-finalist at the Olympic Games, and was the world record holder in the 200m indoor.	Stefano Tilli	22 August 1962
date of birth	John C. McCullough (1858 -- February 28, 1920) was the Attorney General of California from 1863 to 1867.	John C. McCullough	1858
date of birth	Ibrahim Lamorde (born 20 December 1962) is a Nigerian police officer who was appointed Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on 23 November 2011 after chairman Farida Waziri had been dismissed by President Goodluck Jonathan.	Ibrahim Lamorde	20 December 1962
date of birth	Anders Annerfalk (born 1959 in Sweden) is an aviation author, historian and PR Director.	Anders Annerfalk	1959
date of birth	Elizabeth Matheson (born 1942) is a prominent photographer in North Carolina.	Elizabeth Matheson	1942
date of birth	Vernon Carkeek (13 February 1893 -- 28 December 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vernon Carkeek	13 February 1893
date of birth	Vitaly Bugrov (Russian Виталий Иванович Бугров, 14 May 1938 -- 23 June 1994) was a notable Russian science fiction editor, critic, and bibliographer, one of the founders of the Soviet science-fiction fandom.	Vitaly Bugrov	14 May 1938
date of birth	Gilles Roux (born January 20, 1971) is a French speedcuber primarily known for inventing a 3x3 method, the Roux Method, and achieving fast solves with it.	Gilles Roux	1971
date of birth	Angela Platt (born 29 May 1979, Coleraine, County Londonderry) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Northern Ireland, who made her international debut for the Women's National Team in 2000 against the United States.	Angela Platt	29 May 1979
date of birth	Pierre Jean Louis Ovide Doublet (25 August 1749 - 4 February 1824) was a French politician and writer who spent much of his life serving in the Knights of Malta.	Pierre Jean Louis Ovide Doublet	25 August 1749
date of birth	Nikolai Nikolaeff (born 26 December 1981) is an Australian actor who is best known for his roles in the television series Sea Patrol, Power Rangers Jungle Fury and Daredevil (alongside Gideon Emery).	Nikolai Nikolaeff	26 December 1981
date of birth	Wyatt Rainey Blassingame (6 February 1909 -- 1985), a.k.a. W.B. Rainey, was the author of more than 600 short stories and articles for national magazines, four adult novels and dozens of juvenile nonfiction books.	Wyatt Rainey Blassingame	6 February 1909
date of birth	Lars Spuybroek (born September 16, 1959, Rotterdam) is a Dutch architect, artist and author.	Lars Spuybroek	1959
date of birth	Hung Tung (Hong Dong) (Simplified Chinese:洪通; Traditional Chinese: 洪通; Pinyin: Hóng Tong; born 1920) was a Taiwanese painter whose work, notable for its folk style, vivid colour and unique personal language, had a significant influence on the direction of Taiwanese Modern art in the 1970s.	Hung Tung	1920
date of birth	David Gulpilil Ridjimiraril Dalaithngu AM (born 1 July 1953), is an Indigenous Australian traditional dancer and actor.	David Gulpilil	1 July 1953
date of birth	Olivier Richon (born 1956, Lausanne) is a Swiss photographer living in London, UK.	Olivier Richon	1956
date of birth	Daniel Ricciardo (/rᵻˈkɑːrdoʊ/ rih-CAR-doh; born 1 July 1989) is an Australian racing driver who is currently competing in Formula One for Infiniti Red Bull Racing.	Daniel Ricciardo	1 July 1989
date of birth	Erik Morse (or Eric Morse) (born November 1979), is an American underground author, rock writer and journalist.	Erik Morse	November 1979
date of birth	Bishop Emeritus Matthew Shija (17 April 1924 -- 9 December 2015) was a Tanzanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Matthew Shija	17 April 1924
date of birth	William Chillingworth (12 October 1602 -- 30 January 1644) was a controversial English churchman.	William Chillingworth	12 October 1602
date of birth	Julia Laffranque (25 July 1974, née Vahing), is an Estonian jurist, judge, legal scientist (doctor iuris).	Julia Laffranque	25 July 1974
date of birth	José Carlos Semenzato (born 23 March 1968) is a Brazilian businessman and entrepreneur, founder and president of Microlins educational franchising chain.	José Carlos Semenzato	23 March 1968
date of birth	Philip Yancey (born 1949) is an American Christian author.	Philip Yancey	1949
date of birth	Stelios Demetriou (Greek: Στέλιος Δημητρίου; born 4 October 1990) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a Winger.	Stelios Demetriou	4 October 1990
date of birth	Jean Weissenbach (born 13 February 1946) is the current director of the Genoscope.	Jean Weissenbach	13 February 1946
date of birth	Haider Alo Ali Mohamed (Arabic: حيدر ألو علي محمد‎; born 25 December 1979) is an Emirati footballer who played at 2007 AFC Asian Cup.	Haider Alo Ali	25 December 1979
date of birth	William Young Craig (May 1827 - 1924) was a mining engineer, colliery owner and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885.	William Young Craig	May 1827
date of birth	Charles Jay McWilliams (c. 1915 -- October 17, 2010) was an American college basketball coach.	Jay McWilliams	1915
date of birth	Sir William Cockayne (Cokayne) (1561 -- 20 October 1626), London, England, was a seventeenth-century London merchant, alderman, and, in 1619, Lord Mayor.	William Cockayne	1561
date of birth	Helen Wardlaw (born 11 October 1982 in Dewsbury) is an English cricketer who played for Yorkshire women's cricket team between 2000 and 2007.	Helen Wardlaw	11 October 1982
date of birth	Mohammad Asghar Afridi (born 15 March 1950) is a career diplomat and a former Pakistani Ambassador to Qatar.	Mohammad Asghar Afridi	15 March 1950
date of birth	Reinhard Febel (born 3 July 1952) is a German composer, notable for his operas.	Reinhard Febel	3 July 1952
date of birth	Logona Esau (born 2 March 1987 on Nukufetau) is a Tuvaluan weightlifter.	Logona Esau	2 March 1987
date of birth	Donald MacKillop (Gaelic: Dòmhnall MacPhilip) (born 15 January 1926) is a Scottish songwriter and poet who works mainly in Scottish Gaelic.	Donald MacKillop	15 January 1926
date of birth	José María Velasco Maidana (born around 1899, died 1989) was a Bolivian film director, composer, conductor, actor, painter and dancer.	José María Velasco Maidana	1899
date of birth	Rachel Parish (born 21 May 1981) is an English international sportswoman who won a shooting gold medal and silver medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.	Rachel Parish	21 May 1981
date of birth	Nahir Besara (born 25 February 1991) is a Swedish footballer of Assyrian/Syriac descent.	Nahir Besara	25 February 1991
date of birth	Wes Saunders (born 23 February 1963) is an English former professional footballer and football club manager.	Wes Saunders	23 February 1963
date of birth	Fabio Sani (born 1961) is a professor of social and health psychology in the School of Psychology at the University of Dundee.	Fabio Sani	1961
date of birth	Alex Bevan (born 1950) is a guitarist, singer, songwriter, poet, radio personality, and music producer.	Alex Bevan	1950
date of birth	Jonathan Greatorex (born 1970) is an English music educator who became nationally known for his involvement in the so-called ``Salters Hill Scandal'' in Lambeth and has subsequently gone on to become one of the UK's leading consumer rights activists.	Jonathan Greatorex	1970
date of birth	Gurjinder Kumar (Punjabi: ਗੁਰਜਿੰਦਰ ਕੁਮਾਰ; born 10 October 1990) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Left back for Indian Super League club FC Pune City on loan from Salgaocar in the I-League.	Gurjinder Kumar	10 October 1990
date of birth	Emma Clarke (born 1971) is a writer of comedy and drama scripts and an award-winning voice-over artist, best known as the voice of the automated messages on the Bakerloo, Central and District lines of the London Underground.	Emma Clarke	1971
date of birth	Ghislaine Maxwell (born 25 December 1961) is a British socialite and the youngest child of publisher Robert Maxwell.	Ghislaine Maxwell	25 December 1961
date of birth	Krishan Pal Gurjar was born on 4 February 1957 in the village Mewla Maharajpur of Faridabad, Haryana to Hans Raj Zaildar in a Baisla clan of Gurjar.	Krishan Pal Gurjar	4 February 1957
date of birth	Daniel Pinchbeck (born 15 June 1966) is an American author living in New York's East Village.	Daniel Pinchbeck	15 June 1966
date of birth	Kevin Hird (born 11 February 1955) is a retired English footballer.	Kevin Hird	11 February 1955
date of birth	Timothy Mark Pimentel Eigenmann, better known by his stage name Sid Lucero (born 12 March 1981, Manila), is a Filipino television and film actor.	Sid Lucero	12 March 1981
date of birth	Ching Cheung-ying (Chinese: 程張迎, born 1958) is a Hong Kong schoolteacher and politician.	Ching Cheung-ying	1958
date of birth	Luis Pereyra (born 9 July 1965) is a dancer and choreographer of Tango Argentino and Argentinian folklore.	Luis Pereyra	9 July 1965
date of birth	Gastón Ugalde (Born 1946) Latin American Artist recipient of the Konex Award in 2002 along with Oscar Niemeyer is called ``the most important living Bolivian artist'' by the Konex Foundation in Argentina and is also referred as the ``Andean Warhol'' by art critics.	Gastón Ugalde	1946
date of birth	Brianna Nelson (born 9 May 1992 at Calgary, Alberta) is a S7 classified Canadian para-swimmer who has competed in the 2008 and 2012 Paralympics.	Brianna Nelson	9 May 1992
date of birth	Brett Beukeboom (born 13 August 1990) is a rugby union lock who plays for Cornish Pirates and Canada.	Brett Beukeboom	13 August 1990
date of birth	Sunil Perera (born 14 September 1952) is a Sri Lankan vocalist, guitarist, songwriter and composer .	Sunil Perera	14 September 1952
date of birth	Daryl Griffiths (born 6 November 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer in the VFL.	Daryl Griffiths	6 November 1945
date of birth	Subhasish Dey (Bengali: শুভাশীষ েদ; born 1958) is a hydraulician and educator.	Subhasish Dey	1958
date of birth	Humphrey Leech (1571--1629) was an English priest of the Church of England and Catholic convert, known as a Jesuit author.	Humphrey Leech	1571
date of birth	Judith Augoustides (born 10 April 1975) is a South African olympic beach volleyballer.	Judith Augoustides	10 April 1975
date of birth	Maria Sid-Achrén (née Maria Sid, born 13 May 1968) is a Finnish actress.	Maria Sid	13 May 1968
date of birth	Jarno Trulli (Italian pronunciation: (ˈjarno ˈtrulli); born 13 July 1974) is an Italian racing driver.	Jarno Trulli	13 July 1974
date of birth	Alexei Almoukov (born on 22 March 1990 in Soloboyevo, Tyumen Oblast) is an Australian biathlete.	Alexei Almoukov	22 March 1990
date of birth	Vicente Rodríguez Guillén (Spanish pronunciation: (biˈθente roˈðɾiɣeθ ɡiˈʎen); born 16 July 1981), known simply as Vicente, nicknamed El puñal de Benicalap (The dagger of Benicalap), is a Spanish retired footballer.	Vicente Rodríguez	16 July 1981
date of birth	Neil Cochran (born 12 April 1965) is a Scottish former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, European championships and World University Games, and swam for Scotland in the Commonwealth Games, during the 1980s.	Neil Cochran	12 April 1965
date of birth	Afshan Azad (born 12 February 1988) is an English actress and model of Bangladeshi descent.	Afshan Azad	12 February 1988
date of birth	Daniel Pagano (pronounced ``Pah-GAH-noh'')(born 1953) is a New York mobster and a caporegime in the Genovese crime family who was involved in a famous gasoline bootlegging racket of the 1980s.	Daniel Pagano	1953
date of birth	Jonkheer Lodewijk Cornelis Josephus Andreas van Meeuwen ('s-Hertogenbosch, 1844 - 's-Hertogenbosch, 1918) was a Dutch lawyer and president of the court.	Lodewijk Cornelis Josephus Andreas van Meeuwen	1844
date of birth	Mohamed Mustapha Ali Masfaka (born 1962), better known as Abu Ratib (أبو راتب), is a Syrian-born Nasheed singer of Islamic and Arabic music based on classical Arab poetry.	Abu Ratib	1962
date of birth	Henry Haller (born 1923) is a Swiss American chef who served as Executive Chef of the White House from 1966 to 1987.	Henry Haller	1923
date of birth	Eva Birthistle (born 1 January 1974) is an Irish actress, best known for her role in Ae Fond Kiss....	Eva Birthistle	1 January 1974
date of birth	Cory Gathercole (born 2 December 1986 in Irymple, Victoria) is an Australian international motorcycle speedway rider who rides for the Plymouth Devils in the British Premier League.	Cory Gathercole	2 December 1986
date of birth	Lars-Eric Uneståhl, born in 1938, is a Psychologist and PhD in psychology.	Lars-Eric Uneståhl	1938
date of birth	Kelly Kwalik (1955 -- December 16, 2009) was a senior separatist leader and military commander with the Free Papua Movement (OPM), a separatist organization based in Indonesia's Papua Province.	Kelly Kwalik	1955
date of birth	Dr. Daud Shah Saba (born 1964) is a politician in Afghanistan, who is serving as Governor of Herat Province since August 2010 when his predecessor Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani had resigned from the post.	Daud Shah Saba	1964
date of birth	Jan Krasiński (1756--1790) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic).	Jan Krasiński	1756
date of birth	Peter Trudgill, FBA (/ˈtrʌdɡᵻl/; born 7 November 1943) is a sociolinguist, academic and author.	Peter Trudgill	7 November 1943
date of birth	Jeff Edwards (born 1959) is an American author of bestselling military thrillers.	Jeff Edwards	1959
date of birth	Antoinette Pienaar (born 1961) is a South African actress, singer, and author.	Antoinette Pienaar	1961
date of birth	Henry Spencer (born 1955) is a Canadian computer programmer and space enthusiast.	Henry Spencer	1955
date of birth	Conal Ó Gráda (born in Cork 1961) is an Irish flute and tin whistle player and teacher.	Conal Ó Gráda	1961
date of birth	Timycen Maruma (born 19 April 1988, Harare, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean international cricketer.	Timycen Maruma	19 April 1988
date of birth	Jiang Hongkun (Chinese: 蒋宏坤; born January 1954) is a Chinese politician best known for his term as the mayor of Nanjing, the Communist Party Secretary of Suzhou, and a member of the Jiangsu provincial Party Standing Committee.	Jiang Hongkun	1954
date of birth	Abdurahman Khadr (Arabic: عبد الرحمن خضر‎, ʿAbd ar-Raḥman Ḫaḍr; born 1982) is a Canadian citizen who was held as an enemy combatant in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba, after being detained in 2002 in Afghanistan under suspicion of connections to Al-Qaeda.	Abdurahman Khadr	1982
date of birth	Pervin Buldan (6 November 1967) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin.	Pervin Buldan	6 November 1967
date of birth	Yuula Benivolski (born 1980) is a Russian-Jewish artist working predominantly in video, sculpture/ installation and photography.	Yuula Benivolski	1980
date of birth	Ned Bouhalassa (born Le Mans, France, 25 August 1962) is a composer of film scores, television scores, and electroacoustic music.	Ned Bouhalassa	25 August 1962
date of birth	Anita Nyberg (born 1940) is a Swedish professor in Gender Perspectives in Work and Economics at the Centre for Gender Studies at Stockholm University.	Anita Nyberg	1940
date of birth	Zephania Kameeta (born 7 August 1945 in Otjimbingwe, Erongo Region) is a Namibian religious and political leader.	Zephania Kameeta	7 August 1945
date of birth	Calypso Botez (1880--1933), was a Romanian writer, suffragist and women's rights activist.	Calypso Botez	1880
date of birth	Nirmal Baba, former name Nirmaljit Singh Narula, was born in 1952 in Samana, India, near Patiala in Punjab, to a Namdhari Sikh family and is the youngest of two brothers and three sisters.	Nirmal Baba	1952
date of birth	Beatrice Atim Anywar, also known as Mama Mabira, born 1964 in Kitgum, is an Ugandan politician and member of Parliament for the opposition party FDC, and minister of the Environment in the Shadow Cabinet.	Beatrice Atim Anywar	1964
date of birth	Joseph Greer (born 8 August 1754) also known as the Kings Mountain Messenger, is most known for his delivery of the message of victory against the British at the Battle of Kings Mountain to the Continental Congress in 1780.	Joseph Greer	8 August 1754
date of birth	Claude Volter (31 January 1933 -- 15 October 2002), father of actor Philippe Volter, was a Belgian comedian and theatre director.	Claude Volter	31 January 1933
date of birth	Ioannis Demestichas (Greek: Ιωάννης Δεμέστιχας, 1882--1960) was a Greek Navy officer.	Ioannis Demestichas	1882
date of birth	Ahmed Nadeem (born 26 October 1976) is a United Arab Emirati cricketer.	Ahmed Nadeem	26 October 1976
date of birth	Dai Chunrong (戴春荣) (born 1961 in Xi'an, Shaanxi) is a Chinese television actress and a former Qinqiang actress.	Dai Chunrong	1961
date of birth	Hod Lipson (born 1967 in Haifa, Israel) is an American robotics engineer.	Hod Lipson	1967
date of birth	Gilles Joye (1424 or 1425 -- 31 December 1483) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance.	Gilles Joye	1424
date of birth	Luca Pianca (born 1958) is a Swiss musician-lutenist whose specialty is archlute.	Luca Pianca	1958
date of birth	Amin Iskander (born 1952) is an Egyptian politician, writer and activist.	Amin Iskander	1952
date of birth	Sebastian Castellio (also Sébastien Châteillon, Châtaillon, Castellión, and Castello) (1515 -- December 29, 1563) was a French preacher and theologian; and one of the first Reformed Christian proponents of religious toleration, freedom of conscience and thought.	Sebastian Castellio	1515
date of birth	Jorge Selarón (1947 -- January 10, 2013) was a Chilean-born Brazilian painter and ceramist.	Jorge Selarón	1947
date of birth	Niles Eldredge (/ˈɛldrɛdʒ/; born August 25, 1943) is an American biologist and paleontologist, who, along with Stephen Jay Gould, proposed the theory of punctuated equilibrium in 1972.	Niles Eldredge	1943
date of birth	Michael Kulikowski (born 1970) is an American historian, tenured at the Pennsylvania State University, who is a specialist in the history of the western Mediterranean world of Late Antiquity.	Michael Kulikowski	1970
date of birth	Michael Woolworth (born in 1960) is a master printer of American origin, living and working in Paris.	Michael Woolworth	1960
date of birth	Gary Ford (born 8 February 1961) is an English former footballer who played on the right-wing.	Gary Ford	8 February 1961
date of birth	Bertil Hallin, born 30 December 1931, is a Swedish church musician and music teacher, active in Malmö.	Bertil Hallin	30 December 1931
date of birth	Matthias Fronius (born 28 February 1522 in Kronstadt, Siebenbürgen / d. 1588 in Kronstadt, Siebenbürgen) was a Lutheran cleric and Stadtrichter (English: city magistrate) in Kronstadt, Siebenbürgen.	Matthias Fronius	28 February 1522
date of birth	Frederick Christopher Kwabena Gyearbuor Asante (4 November 1941 -- 2 August 2000) was a Ghanaian actor best remembered for his role in the Channel 4 situation comedy Desmond's, in which he played the role of Gambian mature student Matthew.	Gyearbuor Asante	4 November 1941
date of birth	Steven Best (born December 1955) is an American animal rights advocate, author, and associate professor of philosophy at the University of Texas at El Paso.	Steven Best	1955
date of birth	Christopher Lydon (born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1940) is an American media personality and author.	Christopher Lydon	1940
date of birth	Guo Guangchang (simplified Chinese: 郭广昌; traditional Chinese: 郭廣昌, born 16 February 1967) is a Chinese billionaire business magnate and investor.	Guo Guangchang	1967
date of birth	Lino Enea Spilimbergo (born Lino Claro Honorio Enea Spilimbergo) (12 August 1896 -- 16 March 1964) was an Argentine artist and engraver, and he is considered to be one of the country's most important painters.	Lino Enea Spilimbergo	12 August 1896
date of birth	Richard Dinnick (born 22 January 1968) is a British screenwriter, novelist, and audio playwright.	Richard Dinnick	22 January 1968
date of birth	Moran Mazor (Hebrew: מורן מזור‎; born 17 May 1991) is an Israeli singer.	Moran Mazor	17 May 1991
date of birth	Yungtön Dorjepel (Wylie: g.yung ston rdo rje dpa) was born at Gorma (or Gurmo) near Shalu Monastery in the province of Tsang in 1284 CE into the family of a tantric priest of the Len clan.	Yungtön Dorjepel	1284
date of birth	Rossella Gregorio (born 30 August 1990) is an Italian sabre fencer, bronze medallist in the 2014 European Fencing Championships.	Rossella Gregorio	30 August 1990
date of birth	Łukasz Foltyn (Polish pronunciation: (ˈwukaʂ ˈfɔltɨn); born in 1974) is a Polish programmer, the creator of Gadu-Gadu instant messenger and Foltyn Commander program.	Łukasz Foltyn	1974
date of birth	Christine Charbonneau (18 October 1943 -- 29 May 2014) was a French Canadian singer and songwriter.	Christine Charbonneau	18 October 1943
date of birth	Bruno Lüdke (3 April 1908 -- 8 April 1944) was an alleged German serial killer.	Bruno Lüdke	3 April 1908
date of birth	Stefano Castagnotto, born 2 June, 1956, is an Italian army officer, of Major General rank, who served as the force commander of EUFOR Althea in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 4 December 2008 until 3 December 2009.	Stefano Castagnotto	1956
date of birth	Satya Hegde (born 17 May 1975) is an Indian cinematographer who works in Kannada cinema.	Satya Hegde	17 May 1975
date of birth	Colleen Barrett (born 14 September 1944, Bellows Falls, Vermont) is the President Emerita and Corporate Secretary of Southwest Airlines.	Colleen Barrett	14 September 1944
date of birth	Wenten Rubuntja (c. 1923 -- 2005) was an Australian artist and Aboriginal rights activist.	Wenten Rubuntja	1923
date of birth	Wincey Willis (born Florence Winsome Dymmock, Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, 8 August 1948) is a British broadcaster who found television success in the 1980s.	Wincey Willis	8 August 1948
date of birth	Michalis Tremopoulos (Greek: Μιχάλης Τρεμόπουλος, b. 3 March 1958, Serres) is a Greek lawyer, journalist, environmentalist and politician.	Michalis Tremopoulos	3 March 1958
date of birth	David Maraniss (born 1949) is an American journalist and author, currently serving as an associate-editor for The Washington Post.	David Maraniss	1949
date of birth	Leandro Vitiello is (born 16 October 1985) is an Italian Footballer who currently plays for AC Bellinzona in the Swiss Challenge League.	Leandro Vitiello	16 October 1985
date of birth	Edwin Coup (9 June 1861 -- 2 July 1892), also known as Edwin Coupe, was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1885 and 1887.	Edwin Coup	9 June 1861
date of birth	Ulrich Fugger the Younger (1490 - 1525; von der Lilie) was a German merchant and businessman from the Fugger family.	Ulrich Fugger the Younger	1490
date of birth	Keith Maillard (born 28 February 1942 in Wheeling, West Virginia) is a fiction author and poet.	Keith Maillard	28 February 1942
date of birth	Elinor Lander Horwitz (born March 1929) is an American author of young adult and adult books.	Elinor Lander Horwitz	1929
date of birth	Lou Clayton (also Lew Clayton, born Louis Finkelstein; 1890-1950) was an American song-and-dance vaudeville performer, best known for his teaming with Jimmy Durante and Eddie Jackson, as Clayton, Jackson, and Durante, or ``The Three Sawdust Bums''.	Lou Clayton	1890
date of birth	Orly Weinerman (Hebrew: אורלי ויינרמן‎; born 21 June 1971) is an Israeli actress, model and singer.	Orly Weinerman	21 June 1971
date of birth	Adrian Carter (born 1959) is an English architect, Associate professor at the Department of Architecture and Design at Aalborg University , Denmark and Director of the Utzon Research Center in Aalborg.	Adrian Carter	1959
date of birth	Evelina Tshabalala (born 1965), a South African marathon runner and mountaineer, has climbed Mount Aconcagua and Mount Kilimanjaro.	Evelina Tshabalala	1965
date of birth	Thamir Muhsin (1938--1995) was a senior lecturer at the Baghdad University, and a respected football coach in the Iraqi top division having managed at Al-Jameaa and the Iraq.	Thamir Muhsin	1938
date of birth	Peter Lunenfeld (born 1962, in New York City) is a critic and theorist of digital media.	Peter Lunenfeld	1962
date of birth	Semir Hadžibulić (Serbian Cyrillic: Семир Хаџибулић, born 16 August 1986) is a Serbian-born Bosniak football player who plays for KÍ Klaksvík in the Effodeildin in the Faroe Islands .	Semir Hadžibulić	16 August 1986
date of birth	Peter Zoïs (born 21 April 1978) is a retired Australian footballer and manager Victorian Premier League side Oakleigh Cannons.	Peter Zoïs	21 April 1978
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Kohut-Svelko (born in 1946) is a French production designer and art director.	Jean-Pierre Kohut-Svelko	1946
date of birth	Kerry Argent (born 1960) is an Australian Illustrator of children's books.	Kerry Argent	1960
date of birth	Tinashe Chimbambo (born 8 February 1989) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who has played domestically for Mashonaland and Northerns.	Tinashe Chimbambo	8 February 1989
date of birth	Alfred Olsen (born 17 August 1947) is a Greenlandic politician and member of the Siumut party.	Alfred Olsen	17 August 1947
date of birth	Dennis Diken (born February 25, 1957) co-founded the N.J. band The Smithereens.	Dennis Diken	1957
date of birth	Joshua Mosley (born 1974 in Dallas, Texas) is an American artist and animator.	Joshua Mosley	1974
date of birth	Yasir Abbasi (born 16 November 1978) is a Director of Photography from India.	Yasir Abbasi	16 November 1978
date of birth	Altino Pinto de Magalhães (Ribalonga, Carrazeda de Ansiães; 8 May 1922) was an Army Officer in the Portuguese Armed Forces, Military Governor and official in the Ministry of the Army, as well as the President of the Junta Regional of the Azores.	Altino Pinto de Magalhães	8 May 1922
date of birth	Erich Kukk (born 26 October 1928 in Misso Parish) is an Estonian phycologist and conservationist.	Erich Kukk	26 October 1928
date of birth	Kevin Holt (born 25 January 1993) is a Scottish association footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Dundee.	Kevin Holt	25 January 1993
date of birth	Mihai Furtună (born 16 August 1955) is a Moldovan politician, deputy-mayor of Chişinău since September 2001.	Mihai Furtună	16 August 1955
date of birth	Murun Altankhuyag (Mongolian: Алтанхуягийн Мөрөн, Altankhuyagiin Mörön; born 21 September 1989) is a Mongolian international footballer who plays professionally in Serbia for Mačva Šabac as a striker.	Murun Altankhuyag	21 September 1989
date of birth	Rosie Stancer née Clayton (born 1960) is a British explorer and polar adventurer who, since 1996, has embarked on major polar expeditions of increasing severity and commitment.	Rosie Stancer	1960
date of birth	Garibaldi Alves Filho (born 4 February 1947) is a Brazilian politician and former President of the Federal Senate.	Garibaldi Alves Filho	4 February 1947
date of birth	Han Sai Por (Chinese: 韩少芙; pinyin: Hán Shàofú; born 19 July 1943) is a Singaporean sculptor.	Han Sai Por	19 July 1943
date of birth	Blessed Giovanna Maria Bonomo (15 August 1606 -- 1 March 1670) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun who was a professed member of the Benedictines.	Giovanna Maria Bonomo	15 August 1606
date of birth	Ali Bayramoğlu (born 1956), is a Turkish writer and political commentator.	Ali Bayramoğlu	1956
date of birth	Minas Hadjimichael (born 1956) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Cyprus.	Minas Hadjimichael	1956
date of birth	On 19 October 1895, August Delling was born on a farm at Braunetsrieth in northeastern Bavaria.	August Delling	19 October 1895
date of birth	Ashok Anjum (born 15 September 1966) is a Hindi author of comedic poetry (hasya kavi).	Ashok Anjum	15 September 1966
date of birth	Declan Patton (born 23 May 1995) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Warrington in Super League as a halfback (6 or 7).	Declan Patton	23 May 1995
date of birth	Ádám Steinmetz (born 11 August 1980 in Budapest) is a Hungarian water polo player and Olympic champion, who plays for Hungarian Championship outfit Vasas SC.	Ádám Steinmetz	11 August 1980
date of birth	Viola Goretzki (later Landvoigt, born 23 November 1956) is a retired German rower.	Viola Goretzki	23 November 1956
date of birth	Emilia Mosquito, born January 25, 1982 in Stockholm is a Swedish film director whose short films have made headlines due to their often political and or ideological content.	Emilia Mosquito	1982
date of birth	Ham Seok-heon (13 March 1901 -- 4 February 1989) was a notable figure in the Religious Society of Friends (Quaker) movement in Korea, and was nicknamed the ``Gandhi of Korea.''	Ham Seok-heon	13 March 1901
date of birth	Brent Green (29 March 1976 -- 30 November 2009) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Bears, Brisbane Lions and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brent Green	29 March 1976
date of birth	Alex Hyde-White (born 30 January 1959), also credited as Alex Hyde White, is an English-born film and television actor.	Alex Hyde-White	30 January 1959
date of birth	David Albiston (born 22 December 1944) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1960s.	David Albiston	22 December 1944
date of birth	Ann Marie Starr (born 1992) is a camogie player, a member of the Galway senior panel that unsuccessfully contested the All Ireland finals of 2010 and 2011 against Wexford,	Ann Marie Starr	1992
date of birth	Mosa Walsalam Sastriyar(1847 - February 20, 1916) was born in Thirupuram near Thriuvananthapuram, Valsala Shastriar was a poet, music composer, singer and social reformer.	Mosa Walsalam Sastriyar	1847
date of birth	Tejendra Khanna (born 16 December 1938 in Patna, Bihar) was the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi from April 2007 - July 2013.	Tejendra Khanna	16 December 1938
date of birth	Brigid Callahan Harrison (born 1965) is a Professor of Political Science and Law at Montclair State University, where she has taught since 1994.	Brigid Callahan Harrison	1965
date of birth	Karl Torsten Kumfeldt (4 January 1886 -- 2 May 1966) was a Swedish water polo goalkeeper and breaststroke swimmer.	Torsten Kumfeldt	4 January 1886
date of birth	Isabella Ford was born 23 May 1855 in Headingley, Leeds, in the north of England.	Isabella Ford	23 May 1855
date of birth	Josef Feistmantl (born 23 February 1939) is a former Austrian luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s.	Josef Feistmantl	23 February 1939
date of birth	Frank Weylert (né Johansen; born 27 June 1921, died 25. december 2007) is a Norwegian singer and actor.	Frank Weylert	27 June 1921
date of birth	Wolfgang Dittrich (born 1962, Neuss) is a German triathlete now living in the United States.	Wolfgang Dittrich	1962
date of birth	Daniel Soares de Sousa Lemos (born 1 May 1990), commonly known as Daniel Lemos, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Forward.	Daniel Soares de Sousa Lemos	1 May 1990
date of birth	Avi Yehiel (Hebrew: אבי יחיאל‎), (born 26 September 1979) is an Israeli footballer.	Avi Yehiel	26 September 1979
date of birth	Jeffrey B. Welch (born 1954) is Senior Vice President of Krispy Kreme as well as President of the company's international development.	Jeffrey B. Welch	1954
date of birth	Genko Papazov (Bulgarian: Генко Папазов) (born 21 January 1972) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played for FC Chirpan and Metalurg Pernik.	Genko Papazov	21 January 1972
date of birth	Im Chae-bin (born 29 October 1991) is a South Korean professional racing cyclist.	Im Chae-bin	29 October 1991
date of birth	Vittorio Visini (born 25 May 1945) s a retired Italian race walker.	Vittorio Visini	25 May 1945
date of birth	Isaac Ironside (17 September 1808 -- 20 August 1870) was a British Chartist and socialist politician.	Isaac Ironside	17 September 1808
date of birth	Janet Henderson (born 1957) is a Welsh Anglican priest and former nurse.	Janet Henderson	1957
date of birth	David Moor (born 1947) was a British general practitioner who was prosecuted in 1999 for the euthanasia of a patient.	David Moor	1947
date of birth	Dan Einbinder (Hebrew: דן איינבינדר‎; born 16 February 1989) is an Israeli footballer.	Dan Einbinder	16 February 1989
date of birth	Rita Cetina Gutiérrez was born 22 May 1846 in Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico to Colonel Don Pedro Cetina and Jacoba Gutiérrez.	Rita Cetina Gutiérrez	22 May 1846
date of birth	John McGinlay (born 8 April 1964) is a Scottish former footballer who is best known for his spell at Bolton Wanderers in the mid to late 1990s.	John McGinlay	8 April 1964
date of birth	Alexis Puentes (born 1974), better known by his stage name Alex Cuba, is a Cuban-Canadian singer-songwriter who sings in Spanish and English.	Alex Cuba	1974
date of birth	Gerhard Graf-Martinez (born 1952 in Schorndorf, Baden-Württemberg) is a German Jewish Flamenco guitarist, author and composer.	Gerhard Graf-Martinez	1952
date of birth	Elizabeth Louise Botting CBE (born 19 September 1939) is a British company director and former broadcaster.	Louise Botting	19 September 1939
date of birth	William Beacom (born 1990) is a duct tape expert from Midland, Michigan.	William Beacom	1990
date of birth	Sarafu Fatiaki (born 26 July 1990) is a Fijian rugby league player for the National Rugby League team the Penrith Panthers.	Sarafu Fatiaki	26 July 1990
date of birth	Kiyoshi Misaki (見崎 清志、born 13 January 1946) is a former Japanese racing driver.	Kiyoshi Misaki	13 January 1946
date of birth	France Adamič (4 October 1911 -- 5 August 2004) was a Slovenian agronomist and author of several books on horticulture.	France Adamič	4 October 1911
date of birth	Hmawbi Saya Thein (Burmese: မော်ပီဆရာသိန်း, pronounced: (mɔ̀bì sʰəjá θéiɴ); 1862--1942) was a Burmese writer, known for his articles on Burmese culture and history.	Hmawbi Saya Thein	1862
date of birth	Gavin Cattle (born 5 April 1980 in Bridgend, Wales) is a Welsh rugby union footballer, who has spent most of his professional career playing in England.	Gavin Cattle	5 April 1980
date of birth	Glenn Ross (born 27 May 1971) known by his nickname ``The Daddy'', is a Northern Irish former International Strongman and Powerlifter who has represented Ireland and the UK in several World's Strongest Man competitions and various World Grand Prix and European Team competitions.	Glenn Ross	27 May 1971
date of birth	Yacoub Riad Sarraf (Arabic: يعقوب رياض الصراف‎; shorter form Yacoub Sarraf, يعقوب صراف) (born 1961) is a Lebanese politician.	Yacoub Sarraf	1961
date of birth	Matthew Ellison Hadfield (8 September 1812 - 9 March 1885) was an English architect of the Victorian Gothic revival.	Matthew Ellison Hadfield	8 September 1812
date of birth	Velimir Stjepanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Велимир Стјепановић; born on 7 August 1993) is a Serbian swimmer, member of Hamilton Aquatics.	Velimir Stjepanović	7 August 1993
date of birth	Maxime Guyon (born 7 May 1989) is a French flat racing jockey, who debuted at 2005.	Maxime Guyon	7 May 1989
date of birth	Marina Suwendy (born 16 December 1986) is a Malaysian international model, TV host, event Master of Ceremonies, and journalist.	Marina Suwendy	16 December 1986
date of birth	Jeff Jahn (born 1970) is a curator, art critic, artist, historian, blogger and composer based in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Jeff Jahn	1970
date of birth	Anthony Powers (born 13 March 1953) is a British composer of classical music.	Anthony Powers	13 March 1953
date of birth	Thomas Darley (born 19 May 1664) served as Her Majesty's Consul to the Levant (Syria) during the reign of Queen Anne.	Thomas Darley	19 May 1664
date of birth	Kou Zhun (寇凖) (961--1023) was a much-praised official in ancient China's Northern Song Dynasty.	Kou Zhun	961
date of birth	Davita Prendergast (born 6 December 1984 in Westmoreland) is a Jamaican sprinter, who specializes in the 400 meters.	Davita Prendergast	6 December 1984
date of birth	Bradford Keeney, Ph.D. (3 April 1951) is a creative therapist, cybernetician, anthropologist of cultural healing traditions, improvisational performer, and spiritual healer.	Bradford Keeney	3 April 1951
date of birth	Keith Pascoe (born 1959) is a musician and conductor from Liverpool, England, best known for his work with musical ensembles such as the Chamber Orchestra of Europe, the London Philharmonic, and the RTÉ Vanbrugh String Quartet.	Keith Pascoe	1959
date of birth	Odd Torgeir Rusten (27 February 1925 -- 1 February 2009) was a Norwegian smallholder and politician for the Labour Party.	Odd Torgeir Rusten	27 February 1925
date of birth	Alfred Chaplin (1879 -- after 1911), commonly known as Fred Chaplin, was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath.	Fred Chaplin	1879
date of birth	Rüdiger Bohn (born 1960) is a German conductor and professor.	Rüdiger Bohn	1960
date of birth	Rajid Baransi (Arabic: راجد برانسي‎, Hebrew: רג'יד בראנסי‎; born 7 January 1979) is an Arab-Israeli footballer.	Rajid Baransi	7 January 1979
date of birth	Ip Ching (born 1936) is a Chinese martial artist.	Ip Ching	1936
date of birth	Kota Harinarayana (b. 1943, in Brahmapur, Odisha) was the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Hyderabad and the President of the Aeronautical Society of India.	Kota Harinarayana	1943
date of birth	Japhet N'Doram (born 27 February 1966) is a Chadian retired footballer who played as a striker and attacking midfielder.	Japhet N'Doram	27 February 1966
date of birth	Duncan Williams (born 17 April 1986 in Douglas, Cork, Ireland), is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and European Rugby Champions Cup.	Duncan Williams	17 April 1986
date of birth	Robert Ilatov (Hebrew: רוברט אילטוב‎, born 12 November 1971) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu.	Robert Ilatov	12 November 1971
date of birth	Samuel D. Wonders (1890--1980), a consulting engineer and ink manufacturer, was president of the Carter's Ink Company, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, from 1949 to 1955.	Samuel D. Wonders	1890
date of birth	George Pitt, 2nd Baron Rivers (19 September 1751 -- 20 July 1828) was a British nobleman and politician.	George Pitt, 2nd Baron Rivers	1751
date of birth	Jessica Garza Montes de Oca born (22 September 1984) is a Mexican actress, singer- songwriter and writer.	Jessica Garza	22 September 1984
date of birth	Thomas Chandy was born on 29 August 1947, one of the sons of V.C.Thomas and Aleyamma Thomas at Chenammkary.	Thomas Chandy	29 August 1947
date of birth	Liao Xilong (simplified Chinese: 廖锡龙; traditional Chinese: 廖錫龍; pinyin: Liào Xílóng; born June 1940) is a retired general in the People's Liberation Army.	Liao Xilong	June 1940
date of birth	Panourgias Eliopoulos, or Panourgias Iliopoulos (Greek: Πανουργιάς Ηλιόπουλος) was born in Paloumba in 1787.	Panourgias Eliopoulos	1787
date of birth	Michael Nugent (born 1 June 1961) is an Irish writer and activist.	Michael Nugent	1 June 1961
date of birth	Janez Bitenc (25 October 1925 -- 4 February 2005) was a Slovene composer and music teacher, best known for the music he wrote for over 400 children's songs and musical stories.	Janez Bitenc	25 October 1925
date of birth	Michael Witte (born 1944) is an American-born illustrator and cartoonist.	Michael Witte	1944
date of birth	Leanne Moore (born 24 July 1984) is the winner of the 2008 series of You're a Star on Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	Leanne Moore	24 July 1984
date of birth	Erik Lindgren (15 December 1954) is an American composer and keyboards player.	Erik Lindgren	15 December 1954
date of birth	Olivia Charlotte Waithe (born 31 May 1988), better known by her stage name Livvi Franc, is a British Barbadian singer-songwriter.	Livvi Franc	31 May 1988
date of birth	Georg Quedens (born 1934 in Norddorf) is a German photographer and non-fiction writer as well as a local and natural historian.	Georg Quedens	1934
date of birth	Markus Imhoof (born 19 September 1941) is a Swiss film director, screenwriter, theatre and opera director.	Markus Imhoof	19 September 1941
date of birth	Pavol Paška (born 23 February 1958) is a Slovak politician who served as Speaker of the National Council of the Slovak Republic from 2006 to 2010 and again from 2012 to 2014.	Pavol Paška	23 February 1958
date of birth	Akasha Gloria Hull (born December 6, 1944) is a poet, educator, writer, and critic whose work in African-American literature and as a Black feminist activist has helped shape Women's Studies.	Akasha Gloria Hull	1944
date of birth	Chow Kai Wing (Traditional Chinese: 周佳榮; born 1947) is a Professor and the Head of Department of History in Hong Kong Baptist University.	Chow Kai Wing	1947
date of birth	Peter Ruscuklic (15 December 1955 -- 1 May 2014) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.	Peter Ruscuklic	15 December 1955
date of birth	Girolamo Parabosco (c. 1524 -- April 21, 1557) was an Italian writer, composer, organist, and poet of the Renaissance.	Girolamo Parabosco	1524
date of birth	Robert Kozluk (born 5 August 1977) is an English footballer who played primarily as a right-back.	Robert Kozluk	5 August 1977
date of birth	Nicolas Sadirac (born 11 May 1968), is a French computer scientist, co-founder and President of the French Computer Science school 42.	Nicolas Sadirac	11 May 1968
date of birth	Artūras Rimkevičius (born 14 April 1983) is a Lithuanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Stumbras in A Lyga.	Artūras Rimkevičius	14 April 1983
date of birth	Marcus Reeves (born 3 February 1979, Clapham, London) is a London-based songwriter and performer.	Marcus Reeves	3 February 1979
date of birth	Bente Børsum (born 21 June 1934) is a Norwegian actress, probably best known for her roles in the movies ``Mors hus'' (1974) and ``Reisen til julestjernen'' (1976).	Bente Børsum	21 June 1934
date of birth	Cuthbert Fairbanks-Smith (18 March 1885 -- 25 May 1948) played first-class cricket for Somerset in two matches in 1921.	Cuthbert Fairbanks-Smith	18 March 1885
date of birth	Mark French (born 13 October 1984) is a retired Australian sprint cyclist.	Mark French	13 October 1984
date of birth	Colonel Rudolphus Ritzema (1739-1803) was an American officer in the New York Line during the American Revolutionary War, and later changed sides, serving as a lieutenant colonel in a British regiment.	Rudolphus Ritzema	1739
date of birth	Kaspar Zehnder (born 27 August 1970 in Riggisberg, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss conductor and flutist.	Kaspar Zehnder	27 August 1970
date of birth	Nicolae Frolov (1876--1948) was a Romanian geologist and agronomist from Bessarabia.	Nicolae Frolov	1876
date of birth	Neil Cushley (born 23 February 1967 in Middlesbrough, England) is a British ice skater who competed in pairs with his sister Lisa Cushley.	Neil Cushley	23 February 1967
date of birth	Eric Winstone (born 1 January 1913 in London, died 2 May 1974 in Pagham, Sussex) was an English big band leader and composer.	Eric Winstone	1 January 1913
date of birth	General Don José Gonzalo Escobar (1892-1969) was an officer in the Mexican Army and leader of the failed Escobar Rebellion in 1929, which challenged the political power of Plutarco Elías Calles .	José Gonzalo Escobar	1892
date of birth	Rukia Begum (Bengali: রোকেয়া বেগম; born 1989) is an English textile and fashion designer, and photographer.	Rukia Begum	1989
date of birth	Ashley Titus (28 December 1970 -- 28 November 2007), better known as Mr Fat, was a South African rapper, musician and television presenter.	Ashley Titus	28 December 1970
date of birth	Vani Jairam (born 30 November 1945 in Tamil Nadu) is a playback singer in Indian cinema, primarily in South Indian languages, although she has a wider repertoire.	Vani Jairam	30 November 1945
date of birth	Thomas Flower Ellis (1796 -- 5 April 1861) was an English law reporter.	Thomas Flower Ellis	1796
date of birth	Dr. David T. Hon (born 1941) is an American physicist, inventor and entrepreneur.	David T. Hon	1941
date of birth	Brigadier Dame Florence Barbara Cozens DBE DStJ RRC (24 December 1906 -- 18 July 1995) was a Darjeeling-born British nurse and nursing administrator.	Barbara Cozens	24 December 1906
date of birth	Junior English (born Lindel Beresford English, 1951) is a Jamaican-born reggae singer who began his career in the early 1960s before relocating to England.	Junior English	1951
date of birth	Aidan Cummins (born 1979) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Aidan Cummins	1979
date of birth	Heidi Shyu (Chinese: 徐若冰, Xú Ruòbīng) (born 28 September 1953) is the current United States Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology, having been sworn into office on June 4, 2011.	Heidi Shyu	28 September 1953
date of birth	Wynne Richards (born 10 June 1950) is a lawn bowler and indoor bowler.	Wynne Richards	10 June 1950
date of birth	Mateo Poljak (Croatian pronunciation: (matěo poʎaːk); born 10 September 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer, who plays for the Newcastle Jets in the A-League.	Mateo Poljak	10 September 1989
date of birth	Ippolito Maria Beccaria (1550--1600) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1589 to 1600.	Ippolito Maria Beccaria	1550
date of birth	Isaac Manasses de Pas, Marquis de Feuquieres (1 June 1590 -- 13 March 1640) was a French soldier.	Isaac Manasses de Pas, Marquis de Feuquieres	1 June 1590
date of birth	Peter Callander (10 October 1939 -- 25 February 2014) was an English songwriter and record producer.	Peter Callander	10 October 1939
date of birth	Charles Racquet (1597--1664) was a French organist and composer, best known for his monumental organ Fantaisie.	Charles Racquet	1597
date of birth	Rene Sylva (January 1929 -- December 28, 2008) was a native Hawaiian botanist from Paia, Hawaii.	Rene Sylva	1929
date of birth	Ivan Milutinović (nickname Milutin; Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Милутиновић; 27 September 1901 -- 23 October 1944) was a Yugoslav Partisan general and an eminent military commander who participated in World War II in Yugoslavia.	Ivan Milutinović	27 September 1901
date of birth	Thomas Wilson Paterson (6 December 1851 -- 28 August 1921) was a Canadian railway contractor, politician, and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.	Thomas Wilson Paterson	6 December 1851
date of birth	Vladimir Delman (Petrograd, 26 January 1923 -- Bologna, 28 August 1994) was a Russian conductor.	Vladimir Delman	1923
date of birth	Yawa Hansen-Quao (born 15 September 1983) is a Ghanaian founder, social entrepreneur and a feminist.	Yawa Hansen-Quao	15 September 1983
date of birth	Anita Erskine-Amaizo (born c. 1978) is a Ghanaian entrepreneur, TV and radio presenter.	Anita Erskine	1978
date of birth	Adrian Durham (born 13 May 1969 in Dogsthorpe, Peterborough, England) is a football journalist and broadcaster.	Adrian Durham	13 May 1969
date of birth	George Prismall (born 10 March 1915, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Prismall	10 March 1915
date of birth	Attilio Deffenu (28 December 1890 -- 16 June 1918) was an Italian journalist, soldier, exponent of Sardinian autonomism and a syndicalist.	Attilio Deffenu	28 December 1890
date of birth	Wolry Wolfe (born 12 August 1981) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays professionally for Humble Lions, as a left winger.	Wolry Wolfe	12 August 1981
date of birth	Arnold Crowther (born 7 October 1909 in Chatham, Kent of the UK - died 1 May 1974) was a skilled stage magician, ventriloquist, and puppeteer, and was married to Patricia Crowther.	Arnold Crowther	7 October 1909
date of birth	Claire Ellen Max (born 1946) is a Professor of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the University of California, Santa Cruz and is affiliated with the Lick Observatory.	Claire Ellen Max	1946
date of birth	André Bo-Boliko Lokonga Monse Mihambo (born 15 August 1934) is a Congolese former politician.	Bo-Boliko Lokonga	15 August 1934
date of birth	Carol Drinkwater (born 22 April 1948) is an Anglo-Irish actress, author and filmmaker.	Carol Drinkwater	22 April 1948
date of birth	Rade Veljović (Serbian Cyrillic: Раде Вељовић; born 9 August 1986) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Radnik Surdulica.	Rade Veljović	9 August 1986
date of birth	Giorgos Papandreou (born 12 February 1969) is a retired Greek footballer who played for several teams in Greek Super League (Kavala, Paniliakos, Athinaikos, Ethnikos Asteras and Kalamata) and Cypriot First Division (Digenis Morphou and APOEL).	Giorgos Papandreou	12 February 1969
date of birth	Adolphus Busch Orthwein, also known as Dolph Orthwein, (1917-2013) was an American heir and business executive.	Adolphus Busch Orthwein	1917
date of birth	Manqoba Mngqithi (born 25 April 1971 in Umzimkhulu, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football coach who has managed a number of clubs in the Premier Soccer League.	Manqoba Mngqithi	25 April 1971
date of birth	Winfried Toll (born 1955) is a German conductor, singer, composer and academic teacher.	Winfried Toll	1955
date of birth	James A. Hall, Sr. (born 1947) is an American percussionist of all idioms, jazz drummer, jazz guitarist, music educator, and Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the University of South Carolina School of Music.	James A. Hall	1947
date of birth	George Maxwell Wise, known as Max Wise (born 1975), is a college professor from his native Campbellsville, Kentucky, who is the Republican member of the Kentucky State Senate for District 16, which encompasses Adair, Clinton, Cumberland, McCreary, Russell, Taylor, and Wayne counties in south central Kentucky.	Max Wise	1975
date of birth	Born to a traditional Shiite Muslim family in 1936, Layla Balabakki grew up in Beirut.	Layla Balabakki	1936
date of birth	Georgia Taylor (born Claire Jackson; 26 February 1980) is an English actress, best known for her roles as Toyah Battersby in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 1997 to 2003, as Ruth Winters in the BBC show Casualty from 2007 to 2011 and as Kate Barker in Law & Order:	Georgia Taylor	26 February 1980
date of birth	Gulet Mohamed (born 1991) is a naturalized United States citizen who was detained in Kuwait and placed on the no-fly list maintained by the Terrorist Screening Center.	Gulet Mohamed	1991
date of birth	Dr Ranjay Vardhan (3 May 1969) is an Indian Sociologist who is serving as Senior Assistant Professor in Sociology at the Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42, Chandigarh.	Ranjay Vardhan	3 May 1969
date of birth	Marija Lugarić (born 1 June 1978 in Zagreb) is a Croatian centre-left politician representing the Social Democratic Party of Croatia (SDP), currently the biggest opposition party in Croatia.	Marija Lugarić	1 June 1978
date of birth	Abi Curtis (born 1979) is a poet, writer, and lecturer at York St John University.	Abi Curtis	1979
date of birth	Lady Arbella Stuart (or ``Arabella'' and/or ``Stewart'') (1575 -- 25 September 1615) was a noblewoman who was for some time considered a possible successor to Queen Elizabeth I of England.	Lady Arbella Stuart	1575
date of birth	Nikolaos Chountis (Greek: Νικόλαος Χουντής; born 17 September 1953 in Langadia, Arcadia) is a Greek politician and currently a Member of the European Parliament, representing Popular Unity.	Nikolaos Chountis	17 September 1953
date of birth	Victoria Curzon-Price (born 1942) was Professor of Economics at the University of Geneva and also at the European Institute (also of the University of Geneva).	Victoria Curzon-Price	1942
date of birth	Vit Klemes (30 April 1932 -- 8 March 2010) was a Canadian hydrologist of Czech origin.	Vit Klemes	30 April 1932
date of birth	Maria Lassnig (8 September 1919 -- 6 May 2014) was an Austrian artist known for her painted self-portraits and her theory of ``body awareness''.	Maria Lassnig	8 September 1919
date of birth	Jancita Eagle Deer (1952 -- April 4, 1975) was a Brulé Lakota who lived on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota.	Jancita Eagle Deer	1952
date of birth	Frej Gustav Rydergård (born 9 July 1984 in Falun) is a Swedish handballer who plays for CS Dinamo Bucureşti in the Romanian Liga Naţională.	Gustav Rydergård	9 July 1984
date of birth	Liam Bertazzo (born 17 February 1992) is an Italian racing cyclist currently riding for Southeast Pro Cycling team.	Liam Bertazzo	17 February 1992
date of birth	Graeme Jacobs (born 6 March 1944) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1960s.	Graeme Jacobs	6 March 1944
date of birth	Eamon O'Neill (born 15 September 1944) is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland, and a former Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.	Eamon O'Neill	15 September 1944
date of birth	Hasan Basri Güzeloğlu (born 22 September 1964) is a Turkish politician and the incumbent Governor of Kocaeli.	Hasan Basri Güzeloğlu	22 September 1964
date of birth	Jon Kirkham (born 16 November 1984 in Derby, Derbyshire), is a British motorcycle racer best known for his performances in the National Superstock 1000 championship, Krikham was runner up in 2009 before winning that championship in 2010.	Jon Kirkham	16 November 1984
date of birth	Nathan Lamey (born 14 October 1980) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Cambridge United.	Nathan Lamey	14 October 1980
date of birth	Hans-Joachim Schäfers (born 28 August 1957 in Lünen) is a German surgeon, as well as cardiac, thoracic, and vascular surgeon and university professor.	Hans-Joachim Schäfers	28 August 1957
date of birth	Catharine Dixon (born 1927) is a Canadian journalist and author of non-fiction books.	Catharine Dixon	1927
date of birth	Hamid Olimjon (sometimes spelled Hamid Alimjan in English) (Uzbek: Ҳамид Олимжон; Hamid Olimjon; Russian: Хамид Алимджан; Khamid Alimdzhan) (12 December 1909 -- 3 July 1944) was an Uzbek poet, playwright, scholar, and literary translator of the Soviet period.	Hamid Olimjon	12 December 1909
date of birth	Pierre Pibarot (23 July 1916 -- 1981) was a French football player and football manager.	Pierre Pibarot	23 July 1916
date of birth	LeRoy Clifford Deede (born 5 February 1916 in Woodworth, North Dakota) was a United States Naval Reserve officer.	LeRoy Clifford Deede	5 February 1916
date of birth	May Emory (1885-?) was an American actress.	May Emory	1885
date of birth	Zhang Shuguang (Chinese: 张曙光; 1920 -- 20 November 2002), born Han Zhihong (韩志洪), also known as Han Jianxun (韩建勋), was a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Shuguang	1920
date of birth	Delia Green (1886--December 25, 1900) was a 14-year-old African-American murder victim who has been identified as the likely inspiration for several well-known traditional American songs, usually known by the titles ``Delia'' and ``Delia's Gone.''	Delia Green	1886
date of birth	Fanny Clamagirand (born 1984) is a French classical violinist.	Fanny Clamagirand	1984
date of birth	Per Egil Ahlsen (born 4 March 1958) is a former Norwegian football player.	Per Egil Ahlsen	4 March 1958
date of birth	Nicholas Wachira (born 19 November 1982) is a retired Kenyan middles-distance runner who competed mostly in the 800 metres.	Nicholas Wachira	19 November 1982
date of birth	Pernille Rosenkrantz-Theil (born 17 January 1977 in Skælskør) is a member of Folketinget (Danish parliament) for the Social Democrats since 2011.	Pernille Rosenkrantz-Theil	17 January 1977
date of birth	Kristin Asbjørnsen (born 12 May 1971) is a Norwegian jazz singer and composer whose focus is on improvised music.	Kristin Asbjørnsen	12 May 1971
date of birth	Firyal Al-Adhamy (born 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq) is a Bahrain-based British Iraqi artist.	Firyal Al-Adhamy	1950
date of birth	Nie Gannu (Chinese: 聂绀弩; 1903--1986) was a modern Chinese essayist.	Nie Gannu	1903
date of birth	Kyle Trout (born 1 March 1991 ) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Wakefield, Hunslet Hawks and now Dewsbury Rams as a Prop, or Loose forward.	Kyle Trout	1 March 1991
date of birth	Tor Heiestad (born 13 January 1962) is a Norwegian shooter.	Tor Heiestad	13 January 1962
date of birth	Dr. Leo Wollman (1914--1998), was a New York doctor who assisted transsexuals with their transitions.	Leo Wollman	1914
date of birth	Barbara Oakley (born Barbara Ann Grim, 1955) is a Professor of Engineering at Oakland University.	Barbara Oakley	1955
date of birth	Patrick Thomas Daly (1870 -- 20 November 1943), known as P. T. Daly was an Irish trade unionist and politician.	P. T. Daly	1870
date of birth	Lajos Jekelfalussy (1 October 1848 -- 1911) was a Hungarian military officer and politician, who served as Minister of Defence between 1906 and 1910.	Lajos Jekelfalussy	1 October 1848
date of birth	Sherwood Picking (21 February 1890 - 1 September 1941) was a U.S. Navy officer who became a notable submarine commander during World War I. A native of Baltimore, Maryland, Picking graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1911.	Sherwood Picking	21 February 1890
date of birth	Alvin Simon (1928-Feb 23, 2010 in Mount Washington, California) was an American restaurateur who played a leading role in the development and revitalization of Pasadena, California in the 1980s.	Alvin Simon	1928
date of birth	Gary Southwell (born 14 February 1962) is a British musician-guitarist and luthier specializing in guitars of Modern Classical and Romantic eras, resident in Hough-on-the-Hill, Lincolnshire.	Gary Southwell	14 February 1962
date of birth	Humberto Fierro (1890 -- August 23, 1929) was an Ecuadorian poet who was part of a group known as the ``Generación decapitada'' (Decapitated Generation).	Humberto Fierro	1890
date of birth	Ingrid Mwangi (born 1975) is a Kenyan-German artist.	Ingrid Mwangi	1975
date of birth	William Dubh MacLeod (Scottish Gaelic: Uilleam Dubh MacLeòid) (c. 1415--1480) is considered to be the seventh chief of Clan MacLeod.	William Dubh MacLeod	1415
date of birth	Alexis Granowsky (1890--1937) was a Russian theatre director who later became a film director.	Alexis Granowsky	1890
date of birth	Sean Burch (born 18 June 1971) is an American adventure athlete and motivational speaker.	Sean Burch	18 June 1971
date of birth	Branislav Trifunović (Cyrillic: Бранислав Трифуновић; born 16 January 1978), also known as Bane Trifunović (Cyrillic: Бане Трифуновић), is a Serbian actor and film producer.	Branislav Trifunović	16 January 1978
date of birth	Dominic of Prussia (German: Dominikus von Preußen; Latin: Dominicus Prutenus) (1382--1461) was a Carthusian monk.	Dominic of Prussia	1382
date of birth	John VII Palaiologos or Palaeologus (Greek: Ιωάννης Ζ' Παλαιολόγος, Iōannēs Z' Palaiologos; 1370 -- 22 September 1408) was Byzantine Emperor for five months in 1390.	John VII Palaiologos	1370
date of birth	John Nickles (born 1964, Washington DC) is an elite American Triathlete and endurance athlete.	John Nickles	1964
date of birth	Anastas Kullurioti or Anastasios Koulouriotis (Greek: Αναστάσιος Κουλουριώτης; 1822--1887) was an Arvanite and Albanian nationalist figure, publisher and writer in Greece.	Anastas Kullurioti	1822
date of birth	Alberto Michán Halbinger (born 2 December 1978) is a Mexican horse rider.	Alberto Michán	2 December 1978
date of birth	Macy Nulman (1923 -- November 29, 2011) was an American Orthodox cantor and a scholar of Jewish music and Jewish liturgy.	Macy Nulman	1923
date of birth	Arne Olsson (born 1930) is the Bishop Ordinary of the Mission Province.	Arne Olsson	1930
date of birth	Ndidi Nnoli-Edozien Ph.D (Born July 31, 1972) is a Nigerian social entrepreneur and corporate sustainability and responsibility (CSR) expert and Bottom of the Pyramid empowerment advocate.	Ndidi Nnoli-Edozien	1972
date of birth	Paul Carney (1943 -- 24 September 2015) was a judge of the Irish High Court and the presiding judge of its criminal division, the Central Criminal Court.	Paul Carney	1943
date of birth	Gerald Burns (1940 in Detroit, Michigan -- 1997) was an American poet, and artist.	Gerald Burns	1940
date of birth	Horace Fletcher (1849--1919) was an American health food enthusiast of the Victorian era who earned the nickname ``The Great Masticator'', by arguing that food should be chewed about 100 times per minute before being swallowed: ``Nature will castigate those who don't masticate''.	Horace Fletcher	1849
date of birth	Tomislav Marić (born 28 January 1973) is a German-born Croatian former football striker.	Tomislav Marić	28 January 1973
date of birth	Stefan Hodgetts (born 17 June 1982 in Bromsgrove) is a British auto racing driver, best known for driving a part season in the British Touring Car Championship.	Stefan Hodgetts	17 June 1982
date of birth	Andrea Dovizioso (born 23 March 1986) is a professional motorcycle road racer who currently competes in the MotoGP world championship, for the factory Ducati Team.	Andrea Dovizioso	23 March 1986
date of birth	María Emilia Salerni (born 14 May 1983), known as Pitu Salerni, is a former Argentine professional tennis player.	María Emilia Salerni	14 May 1983
date of birth	Jakob Heusser-Staub (3 March 1862 -- 23 August 1941 as Jakob Heusser) was a Swiss industrialist and philanthropist.	Jakob Heusser-Staub	3 March 1862
date of birth	Samm Bennett (b. Birmingham, Alabama, 1957), is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Samm Bennett	1957
date of birth	Patrick Beckert (born 17 April 1990) is a German Olympic speed skater.	Patrick Beckert	17 April 1990
date of birth	Klaudio Çema (born 22 April 1995 in Tiranë) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a centre-back for Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Klaudio Çema	22 April 1995
date of birth	Even Thorsen ( 26 August 1778 -- 24 March 1867 ) was a Norwegian sailor, farmer, and representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll.	Even Thorsen	1778
date of birth	Daniel Constantin Florea (born 17 April 1988, Constanţa) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Astra Giurgiu.	Daniel Constantin Florea	17 April 1988
date of birth	Eric Hardmeyer (born 1959) is the current president and CEO of the Bank of North Dakota.	Eric Hardmeyer	1959
date of birth	Julia Agricola (born AD 64) was the daughter of Roman general Gnaeus Julius Agricola and Domitia Decidiana, a lady of illustrious birth.	Julia Agricola	64
date of birth	Walter Sully (1895--1970) was an Australian cinematographer who worked for Cinesound Productions, Frank Hurley and Movietone.	Walter Sully	1895
date of birth	Brian McGinlay (born 24 August 1945) is a retired football referee from Scotland, who officiated in 98 European club competition and international matches.	Brian McGinlay	24 August 1945
date of birth	Vladislav Shoot (Russian: Владислав Алексеевич Шуть, Vladislav Alekseyevich Shut' ; also spelled Chout, Schut, Sciut, Shut or Szut; born 3 March 1941) is a Ukrainian/Russian-British composer of contemporary classical music.	Vladislav Shoot	3 March 1941
date of birth	Adam Watene (7 October 1977 -- 13 October 2008) was a Maori Cook Islands rugby league player.	Adam Watene	7 October 1977
date of birth	David McMullan (born 1901 in Belfast) was an Irish footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool in The Football League.	David McMullan	1901
date of birth	József Csikány (born 26 April 1943) is a retired Hungarian backststroke swimmer who won two bronze medals at the European championships of 1962 and 1966.	József Csikány	26 April 1943
date of birth	John Aden Gillett (born 8 November 1958) is a British actor best known for playing the role of Jack Maddox on the popular BBC series The House of Eliott.	Aden Gillett	8 November 1958
date of birth	Igor Radojčić (born 12 October 1968) is a former Serbian FIFA Assistant Referee.	Igor Radojčić	12 October 1968
date of birth	Henry Van Ingen (12 November 1833, The Hague - 17 November 1898, Poughkeepsie, New York) was a Dutch painter who for many years taught art at Vassar College in the United States.	Henry Van Ingen	12 November 1833
date of birth	Ahdaf Soueif (born 23 March 1950) is an Egyptian novelist and political and cultural commentator.	Ahdaf Soueif	23 March 1950
date of birth	Francis Eardley (1885--1954) was a footballer who played for Port Vale and Stoke.	Francis Eardley	1885
date of birth	Andrés Muschietti, also known as Andy Muschietti (1973), is an Argentine film director and screenwriter, known for directing the 2013 horror film Mama, based on his short of the same name.	Andrés Muschietti	1973
date of birth	Colonel Leslie Corry (15 October 1712 -- 20 February 1741) was an Irish politician.	Leslie Corry	15 October 1712
date of birth	Victoria Angelova was born on 20 November 1902 in Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria to Vasil Angelov, a merchant who had been educated in England.	Victoria Angelova	20 November 1902
date of birth	Danny Grissett (born 1975) is an American jazz pianist, keyboardist, and composer.	Danny Grissett	1975
date of birth	Rev James Grahame (22 April 1765 -- 14 September 1811) was a Scottish poet.	James Grahame	22 April 1765
date of birth	Eibhlín Ní Chonghaile, Irish television presenter, born 1984.	Eibhlín Ní Chonghaile	1984
date of birth	Paul Magdalino FBA (born 10 May 1948) is Bishop Wardlaw Professor of Byzantine History in the University of St Andrews, Professor of Byzantine History at Koç University, Istanbul; and a Fellow of the British Academy.	Paul Magdalino	1948
date of birth	Sir Samuel Osborne-Gibbes, Second Baronet (27 August 1803 -- 12 November 1874) was a British Army officer, Freemason, plantation owner and politician.	Samuel Osborne-Gibbes	27 August 1803
date of birth	Ross Thornton (born 23 October 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1980s.	Ross Thornton	23 October 1956
date of birth	Marian Michelle Oblea (born April 14, 1987) was crowned Miss Philippines Earth Water 2008 on May 11, 2008 at Crowne Plaza Galleria.	Marian Michelle Oblea	1987
date of birth	César Camargo Mariano (born 19 September 1943) is a Brazilian pianist, arranger, composer and music producer.	César Camargo Mariano	19 September 1943
date of birth	Jarrad Schofield (born 30 January 1975) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles, Port Adelaide and Fremantle in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Subiaco in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Jarrad Schofield	30 January 1975
date of birth	Uladzimir Makowski (Belarusian: Уладзімір Макоўскі; Russian: Владимир Михайлович Маковский; born 23 April 1977 in Molodechno) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and currently a coach.	Uladzimir Makowski	23 April 1977
date of birth	Elsie Sigel (1889--1909) was a granddaughter of General Franz Sigel, and the victim of a notorious murder at the age of 19 in New York City in 1909.	Elsie Sigel	1889
date of birth	Walter Parfrey (1882-1918) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team.	Walter Parfrey	1882
date of birth	J. Heinrich Matthaei (born 4 May 1929) is a German biochemist.	J. Heinrich Matthaei	4 May 1929
date of birth	Joe Dunthorne (born 1982) is a Welsh novelist, poet and journalist, who first made his name with his novel, Submarine (2008), which was made into the film, Submarine, in 2010.	Joe Dunthorne	1982
date of birth	Saša Antunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Антуновић, born 4 November 1974 in Pristina) is a retired Serb football striker.	Saša Antunović	4 November 1974
date of birth	Joseph Owen Zurhellen (b. 1920-d. 1990) was a US diplomat.	Joseph Owen Zurhellen	1920
date of birth	Gao Xiqing (simplified Chinese: 高西庆; traditional Chinese: 高西慶; pinyin: Gāo Xīqìng) (born September 1953) is the former Vice Chairman, President and Chief Investment Officer of the China Investment Corporation, one of China's sovereign wealth fund.	Gao Xiqing	1953
date of birth	Sara Ahmed (30 August 1969), is a British-Australian academic working at the intersection of feminist theory, queer theory, critical race theory and postcolonialism.	Sara Ahmed	1969
date of birth	Gabriel Rivano is an Argentine bandoneonist, guitarist, flutist and composer, born in Buenos Aires in 1958.	Gabriel Rivano	1958
date of birth	Seda Domaniç (born 1975) is the Editor-in-Chief of Vogue Turkey.	Seda Domaniç	1975
date of birth	Terry Hodgkinson (Born 30 March 1949) is the former Chairman of Yorkshire Forward the Regional Development Agency for Yorkshire and the Humber.	Terry Hodgkinson	30 March 1949
date of birth	Irene James (born 1952) is a Welsh Labour politician who represented the constituency of Islwyn in the National Assembly for Wales from 2003 to 2011.	Irene James	1952
date of birth	Joseph Hueber, (1715 or 1717 -- 1787), was a significant Austrian baroque master builder who studied under Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt.	Joseph Hueber	1715
date of birth	Marco Coledan (born 22 August 1988) is an Italian road and track racing cyclist riding for Trek Factory Racing.	Marco Coledan	22 August 1988
date of birth	Jack Savoretti (born 10 October 1983) is an Italian-English solo acoustic singer.	Jack Savoretti	10 October 1983
date of birth	Fabrizio Faglioli (born c. 1925 (age 89--90)) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Loose forward/Lock, i.e. number 13, during the era of contested scrums.	Fabrizio Faglioli	1925
date of birth	Jenny Sages is an Archibald Prize peoples choice award winning Australian artist born 1933 in Shanghai, China.	Jenny Sages	1933
date of birth	Angel Otero (born 1981 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a contemporary visual artist specializing in painting.	Angel Otero	1981
date of birth	Giovanni Luca Conforti (1560 -- May 11, 1608) was an Italian composer and prominent falsetto singer who wrote an exercise book about Baroque embellishments, Breve et facile maniera d'essercitarsi ad ogni scolaro or Brief and easy manner of exercising for every student, still in use today.	Giovanni Luca Conforti	1560
date of birth	Eros Bagnara (born 27 April 1985) is a former Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Prima Categoria club Edo Mestre RSM.	Eros Bagnara	27 April 1985
date of birth	Hun Manith (Khmer: ហ៊ុន ម៉ាណិត; born 17 October 1981) is a brigadier general in the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces (RCAF) and the fourth child of Prime Minister Hun Sen. His older brother, Hun Manet, is a lieutenant general in the RCAF.	Hun Manith	17 October 1981
date of birth	James Doolin (1932--2002) was an American painter and muralist best known for his saturated natural and urban southern California landscapes.	James Doolin	1932
date of birth	Eva von Trott (1505-1567), was the royal mistress of Henry V, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, from 1522 until 1567.	Eva von Trott	1505
date of birth	Yuri Matochkin, also spelled Yury Matochkin, (born 18 October 1931 -- 6 July 2006) was a Russian politician.	Yuri Matochkin	18 October 1931
date of birth	William Ashley Magarey (30 January 1868 -- 18 October 1929) was a lawyer, sportsman and sports administrator.	William Ashley Magarey	30 January 1868
date of birth	Rocky Marshall (born 1967) is an English television and film actor, living near Battersea Park.	Rocky Marshall	1967
date of birth	Thomas Stock (1750--1803) established the first Sunday school in the United Kingdom.	Thomas Stock	1750
date of birth	Sadiduddin Muhammad Aufi (1171-124سدید الدین محمد عوفی) (2) was a Persian historian, scientist, and author.	Muhammad Aufi	1171
date of birth	Julia Sawalha (born 9 September 1968) is an English actress known mainly for her role as Saffron Monsoon in Absolutely Fabulous.	Julia Sawalha	9 September 1968
date of birth	Jesús Mena Campos (born 28 May 1968 in Gómez Palacio, Durango) is a retired Mexican diver.	Jesús Mena	28 May 1968
date of birth	George Ritchie Kinloch (1796 - 19 April 1877) was a Scottish lawyer, philanthropist and antiquarian best known today for publishing a collection of ballads.	George Ritchie Kinloch	1796
date of birth	Loftur Þorsteinsson (1702 -?), was an Icelandic Galdrmaster.	Loftur Þorsteinsson	1702
date of birth	Bashkim Sukaj (Serbo-Croat: Башким Сукај, Baškim Sukaj) (born 20 March 1992) is a Swiss professional footballer of Kosovan-Albanian origin who is currently playing for Lausanne-Sport.	Bashkim Sukaj	20 March 1992
date of birth	Tshegofatso Seakgoe (born 8 March 1990) is a South African model and entertainer.	Tshegofatso Seakgoe	8 March 1990
date of birth	Jayne Sharp (born 20 July 1977) is an English broadcaster who is a former host of Bingo Night Live on ITV.	Jayne Sharp	20 July 1977
date of birth	K. V. Krishna Iyer (1894-1982) was a professor of history at Zamorin's Guruvayurappan College, Kozhikode.	K. V. Krishna Iyer	1894
date of birth	Cosmas of Prague (Czech: Kosmas Pražský; c. 1045 -- October 21, 1125) was a priest, writer and historian born in a noble family in Bohemia.	Cosmas of Prague	1045
date of birth	Neha Sharma (pronounced (nɛːɦaː ʃrmaː) (Hindi: नेहा शर्मा) (Bengali: নেহা শর্মা); born 21 November 1987) is an Indian film actress and model.	Neha Sharma	21 November 1987
date of birth	Sascha Schmitz (born 5 January 1972), better known under his stage name Sasha or Sasha Alexander and his alter ego Dick Brave, is a German singer-songwriter, musician and occasional actor.	Sascha Schmitz	5 January 1972
date of birth	Willo McDonagh (born 14 March 1983) is an Irish footballer who plays for Shelbourne.	Willo McDonagh	14 March 1983
date of birth	Eulalia Guzmán Barrón was born 12 February 1890 in San Pedro Piedra Gorda, in the Cuauhtémoc Municipality, Zacatecas, Mexico.	Eulalia Guzmán	12 February 1890
date of birth	Zakar Zakarian (Armenian: Զաքար Զաքարյան; 1849 - 7 August 1923) was a famed French painter of Armenian descent.	Zakar Zakarian	1849
date of birth	Mustafa Osmanovich Belyalov (Russian: Мустафа Османович Белялов) (born 4 June 1957) also known as Mustafa Belyalov or Moustava Belialov is an Uzbekistan retired football player, who played as a defender.	Mustafa Belyalov	4 June 1957
date of birth	Dana Berger (Hebrew: דנה ברגר‎; born 2 November 1970) is an Israeli singer-songwriter and occasional actress.	Dana Berger	2 November 1970
date of birth	Li Zewen (simplified Chinese: 黎则文; traditional Chinese: 黎則文; pinyin: Lí Zéwén; born 5 December 1973 in Qujing, Yunnan) is a retired Chinese race walker.	Li Zewen	5 December 1973
date of birth	Lalita Lajmi (born 1932 in Kolkata) is a highly acclaimed Indian painter.	Lalita Lajmi	1932
date of birth	John Kelso Hunter (15 December 1802 -- 3 February 1873) was a self-taught Scottish portrait painter and author of two books.	John Kelso Hunter	15 December 1802
date of birth	Maria Helena Vieira da Silva (13 June 1908 -- 6 March 1992) was a Portuguese-French abstractionist painter.	Maria Helena Vieira da Silva	13 June 1908
date of birth	Göran Hydén (Born 1938) is a noted Africanist and Distinguished Professor of Political Science at the University of Florida.	Göran Hydén	1938
date of birth	Victor Pinchuk (Ukrainian: Віктор Михáйлович Пінчýк, Viktor Mykhailovych Pinchuk; born 14 December 1960) is a Ukrainian businessman and philanthropist.	Victor Pinchuk	14 December 1960
date of birth	Malcolm Geoffrey Hilson OBE (born 28 September 1942) was High Commissioner of Vanuatu (1997--2000).	Malcolm Geoffrey Hilson	28 September 1942
date of birth	Jean-Paul Gut, born on 1 July 1961, was executive director of marketing, strategy and international development at EADS.	Jean-Paul Gut	1961
date of birth	Nafis Fathima (born 6 April 1963) is a Syndicate Member of the Bangalore University and also the Secretary of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee.	Nafis Fathima	6 April 1963
date of birth	Joshua ``Josh'' McKenzie (born 10 July 1984), known by his stage name MckNasty, is an English DJ and drummer from London.	MckNasty	1984
date of birth	Natalya Panteleyeva (Russian: Наталья Пантелеева; born 10 September 1983) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres.	Natalya Panteleyeva	10 September 1983
date of birth	Ma Liuming 马六明 (born 1969 in Huangshi, Hubei province) is a contemporary Chinese painter active in performance art. He is known most of all for his exploration of the power and poetry of public nudity in China, where such behavior was strictly forbidden.	Ma Liuming	1969
date of birth	Gordon Norrie (6 May 1855 - 11 October 1941) was a Danish surgeon and ophthalmologist of Scottish parentage who was born in Helsingør (Elsinore).	Gordon Norrie	6 May 1855
date of birth	Antonio Ridolfi (Mezzana, 1824 - Siena, 1900) was an Italian painter, depicting sacred and historical subjects, as well as costume genre pieces.	Antonio Ridolfi	1824
date of birth	Sheridan Jobbins (born 21 July 1959) is an Australian journalist, television presenter and screenwriter.	Sheridan Jobbins	21 July 1959
date of birth	Santoshi Matsa (born 10 March 1994) is an Indian weightlifter who won the silver medal in the women's 53 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow.	Santoshi Matsa	10 March 1994
date of birth	Jorge Ramón Cáceres (born 7 January 1948) is a former football forward.	Jorge Ramón Cáceres	7 January 1948
date of birth	Gareth Denman (born 12 November 1990) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for Aviva Premiership side Northampton Saints.	Gareth Denman	12 November 1990
date of birth	Whabi Mohammad (born 1983) was reported to be the ``fifth bomber'' wanted in connection with the 21 July 2005 London bombings, and to have been arrested on or before 28 July 2005.	Whabi Mohammad	1983
date of birth	Ivan Rodić (born 11 November 1985), is a Croatian football striker for Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ivan Rodić	11 November 1985
date of birth	Ogtay Shiraliyev Kazim oglu (Azerbaijani: Oqtay Şirəliyev Kazım oğlu; born in 1950) is a professor, PhD and Azerbaijani politician serving as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Republic.	Ogtay Shiraliyev	1950
date of birth	Ferdinand Daučík (also known as Fernando Daucik; 30 May 1910 -- 14 November 1986) is a former Slovak football player and manager.	Ferdinand Daučík	30 May 1910
date of birth	Joan Mary Last (12 January 1908 -- 9 October 2002) was an English music educator, author and composer born in Littlehampton, Sussex.	Joan Mary Last	1908
date of birth	Tautau Moga (born 6 December 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League.	Tautau Moga	6 December 1993
date of birth	Marino Basso (born 1 June 1945) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist, who won the World Cycling Championship in 1972.	Marino Basso	1 June 1945
date of birth	Everett Chamberlin Benton (September 25, 1862 - ?) was a delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts in 1904, and the Republican candidate for Massachusetts governor in 1912.	Everett Chamberlin Benton	1862
date of birth	Richard Sexton (born 1954 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an author, fine art and media photographer, teacher, and critic of the urban built environment based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Richard Sexton	1954
date of birth	Hannah White (born Hannah Elizabeth Gwillim White on 30 March 1983 in Berkshire, England) is a Broadcaster, Sailor and Adventurer.	Hannah White	30 March 1983
date of birth	Nadia Hasnaoui (Arabic نادية حسناوي) (born 10 June 1963) is a Norwegian television presenter.	Nadia Hasnaoui	10 June 1963
date of birth	Katrien Verstuyft (born 21 July 1982 in Antwerp), is a Belgian professional triathlete, National Champion (Sprint, Olympic Distance, and Team) of the year 2009, and member of the National Team.	Katrien Verstuyft	21 July 1982
date of birth	Dieter Mirnegg (born 24 May 1954) is an Austrian retired footballer and coach.	Dieter Mirnegg	24 May 1954
date of birth	Holger Glinicki (born 25 October 1952) is a German wheelchair basketball coach, who coached Hamburger SV.	Holger Glinicki	25 October 1952
date of birth	Stephen Marks (born 23 May 1946) is a British fashion retailer and founder, chairman and chief executive of the French Connection brand.	Stephen Marks	1946
date of birth	Shwikar (Arabic: شويكار‎) (born 24 November 1938) is a famous Egyptian actress.	Shwikar	24 November 1938
date of birth	Jonas Bonnier (born 1963) was President of the Bonnier Group from 1 January 2008 until May 2013.	Jonas Bonnier	1963
date of birth	Jack Behrens (born 25 March 1935) is a Canadian composer, music educator, and writer of American birth.	Jack Behrens	25 March 1935
date of birth	Peter Castle (born 12 March 1987) is a footballer who plays as a centre-back for Sholing in the Southern League Division One South & West.	Peter Castle	12 March 1987
date of birth	Sappho Leontias (1832--1900) was a Greek writer, feminist, and educationist from Constantinople.	Sappho Leontias	1832
date of birth	Steven Haberman (born 26 June 1951) is Director and Deputy Dean in Cass Business School, Professor of Actuarial Science in its Faculty of Actuarial Science and Insurance and is Founding Editor of the Journal of Pension, Economics and Finance.	Steven Haberman	26 June 1951
date of birth	Samuel Souprayen (born 18 February 1989) is a French football player of Réunionais heritage who plays for Italian club Hellas Verona.	Samuel Souprayen	18 February 1989
date of birth	James Meena (born 1951) is an American conductor and opera administrator.	James Meena	1951
date of birth	Ksenija Bulatović, (Serbian: Ксенија Булатовић; born 5 May 1967) is a Serbian architect.	Ksenija Bulatović	5 May 1967
date of birth	Valter Dešpalj (born 1947) is cellist and a professor at the Zagreb Academy of Music.	Valter Dešpalj	1947
date of birth	Günter Pichler (born 9 September 1940) is an Austrian violinist, teacher and conductor.	Günter Pichler	9 September 1940
date of birth	Osita Henry Chikere (born 3 February 1991) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker and plays for Sogndal.	Osita Henry Chikere	3 February 1991
date of birth	Angel Manolov (Bulgarian: Ангел Манолов, born 30 December 1981 in Karnalovo, Blagoevgrad) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Angel Manolov	30 December 1981
date of birth	Jennifer Dalton is a contemporary artist born in 1967.	Jennifer Dalton	1967
date of birth	David Denby (born 1943) is an American journalist, best known as a film critic for The New Yorker magazine.	David Denby	1943
date of birth	Miodrag Radulović (Cyrillic: Миодраг Радуловић, born 23 October 1967) is a Montenegrin football manager, currently managing the Lebanese national team.	Miodrag Radulović	23 October 1967
date of birth	Del James was born Adalberto James Miranda in New Rochelle, New York, on February 5, 1964, and raised in Mamaroneck, New York.	Del James	1964
date of birth	Charlie Walker-Blair (born 20 April 1988) is an English rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker.	Charlie Walker-Blair	20 April 1988
date of birth	Henry Brush (June 1778 -- January 19, 1855) was a lawyer, soldier, legislator and farmer.	Henry Brush	June 1778
date of birth	Caitlin Kittredge (born September 1984) is an American author of dark fantasy and urban fantasy noir.	Caitlin Kittredge	September 1984
date of birth	Niamh Cusack (/ˈniːv/ NEEV; born 20 October 1959 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actress.	Niamh Cusack	20 October 1959
date of birth	Zhang Xiaolan (Chinese: 张晓兰; born November 1965) is a Chinese politician serving since 2012 as the Secretary of Discipline Inspection of Gansu Province in western China, and a member of the provincial Party Standing Committee.	Zhang Xiaolan	November 1965
date of birth	Guy Yamamoto (born 1961) is an American amateur golfer from Hawaii.	Guy Yamamoto	1961
date of birth	William Marshall (or William Leonard Marshall) (born 1944, Australia) is an Australian author, best known for his Hong Kong-based ``Yellowthread Street'' mystery novels, some of which were used as the basis for a British TV series.	William Leonard Marshall	1944
date of birth	Gabrielle Harbowy (born 1972) is an American editor, anthologist, and writer.	Gabrielle Harbowy	1972
date of birth	Eyal Yanilov (born 30 May 1959) is an Israeli Krav Maga instructor and currently Chief Instructor of Krav Maga Global.	Eyal Yanilov	30 May 1959
date of birth	Walter Gadsby (1872 -- after 1897) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath.	Walter Gadsby	1872
date of birth	Henry Colyear Dawkins MBE (1921 -- 4 May 1992) was a British forester, botanist, ecologist and statistician, a Fellow of St John's College, Oxford.	Henry Colyear Dawkins	1921
date of birth	Iulian Vesper (pen name of Teodor C. Grosu; November 22, 1908--February 11, 1986) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian poet and prose writer.	Iulian Vesper	1908
date of birth	Mike S. Zafirovski (born c. 1954) is a Macedonian American business executive.	Mike S. Zafirovski	1954
date of birth	Prajakta Shukre (born 29 November 1987) is an Indian singer who works in Bollywood films and has appeared on reality shows.	Prajakta Shukre	29 November 1987
date of birth	Thiago David Olson (born 1989) is an electrical engineer and entrepreneur.	Thiago David Olson	1989
date of birth	Bi Jingquan (Chinese: 毕井泉; born 1955) is the current director of the China Food and Drug Administration.	Bi Jingquan	1955
date of birth	Lena Nymark (born 6 November 1980 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz singer and music teacher raised on the island Sula, south of Ålesund.	Lena Nymark	6 November 1980
date of birth	John Daniel Heal (1825--1908) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane, Australia.	John Daniel Heal	1825
date of birth	Harald Ganzinger (31 October 1950, Werneck -- 3 June 2004, Saarbrücken) was a German computer scientist who together with Leo Bachmair developed the superposition calculus, which is (as of 2007) used in most of the state-of-the-art automated theorem provers for first-order logic.	Harald Ganzinger	1950
date of birth	Niyameddin Musayev (Azerbaijani: Niyaməddin Musayev), born 1940 in Imishli, is an Azerbaijani pop singer.	Niyameddin Musayev	1940
date of birth	Kong Bai Ji is a contemporary Chinese artist born in Shanghai, in the People's Republic of China, in 1932.	Kong Bai Ji	1932
date of birth	Joe Dingwall (born 2 October 1988) was a professional footballer who played for Scottish Football League club East Stirlingshire, as a Left Back.	Joe Dingwall	2 October 1988
date of birth	Antonio Fuoco (born 20 May 1996) is a professional Italian racing driver and member of the Ferrari Driver Academy.	Antonio Fuoco	20 May 1996
date of birth	Aleksandar Bečanović (born 1971 in Nikšić, Montenegro) is a Montenegrin poet, translator and a critic of literature and film.	Aleksandar Bečanović	1971
date of birth	Laurent Sagart (born 1951) is a senior researcher at the Centre de recherches linguistiques sur l'Asie orientale (CRLAO - UMR 8563) unit of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS).	Laurent Sagart	1951
date of birth	Natasha Mozgovaya (Hebrew: נטשה מוזגוביה‎, Russian: Наташа Мозговая; born 1979) is an American-Israeli journalist.	Natasha Mozgovaya	1979
date of birth	Jon Woronoff (Arthur Jon Woronoff, born 1938) is an American author and editor and previously an interpreter and translator.	Jon Woronoff	1938
date of birth	Dr. Joseph Kariyil B.A., S.T.D is an Indian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church, born on 11 January 1949 in Arthunkal, near Alleppey.	Joseph Kariyil	11 January 1949
date of birth	Geir Hasund (born 3 July 1971) is a former Norwegian football player that played as an offensive midfielder or forward at Hødd, Viking and Brann.	Geir Hasund	3 July 1971
date of birth	Hindol Sengupta (born 1979) is an Indian journalist, writer and entrepreneur.	Hindol Sengupta	1979
date of birth	Elizabeth Peke Davis or sometimes Betty Davis (1803--1860) was a Hawaiian high chiefess, being the hapa haole daughter of Isaac Davis, the Welsh advisor of Kamehameha I, who helped him unify the island in 1810.	Elizabeth Peke Davis	1803
date of birth	Francis Stoughton Sullivan (1715--1766) was an Irish lawyer, and Professor of Oratory and law professor at the University of Dublin.	Francis Stoughton Sullivan	1715
date of birth	Stephanie S. Tolan (born 1942 in Ohio) is an American author of children's books.	Stephanie S. Tolan	1942
date of birth	Adam Clayton Powell III (born 1946) is an American journalist, media executive, and scholar who currently serves as Director of Washington Policy Initiatives for the University of Southern California and University Fellow at the USC Center on Public Diplomacy.	Adam Clayton Powell III	1946
date of birth	Maksymilian Węgrzynek (1892 - November 8, 1944) was a Polish-American publisher (Nowy Świat), social activist as well as one of the founders of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America and the Polish American Congress.	Maksymilian Węgrzynek	1892
date of birth	Saint Maurus, O.S.B. (or Maur), was the first disciple of St. Benedict of Nursia (512-584).	Saint Maurus	512
date of birth	Mzi Mahola was born on 12 February 1949 as Mzikayise Winston Mahola.	Mzi Mahola	1949
date of birth	Alwin H. Küchler (also known as Alwin H. Kuchler; born 1965) is a German cinematographer.	Alwin H. Küchler	1965
date of birth	Josef Quinteros (born 1976) more commonly known as Bansi Quinteros is a trance keyboardist	Bansi Quinteros	1976
date of birth	George Reginald Balleine (1873 -- 1966) was a well-known historian and writer in the Island of Jersey.	George Reginald Balleine	1873
date of birth	Ranya Rao (born c. 1993) is an Indian actress and model who appears in South Indian films.	Ranya Rao	1993
date of birth	Elvir Mekić (Macedonian: Елвир Мекиќ) (born 15 October 1981) is a Macedonian musician.	Elvir Mekić	15 October 1981
date of birth	Adi Litia Samanunu Cakobau-Talakuli (1940-2012) was a Fijian chief, politician, and diplomat.	Samanunu Cakobau-Talakuli	1940
date of birth	Jeremiah Tolhurst (1615 - 1671) was an English tailor, soldier, businessman and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660.	Jeremiah Tolhurst	1615
date of birth	Christina Dodwell FRGS (born 1 February 1951) is a British explorer, travel writer, and lecturer.	Christina Dodwell	1 February 1951
date of birth	Allen Neuringer (born approximately 1940 - ) is an American psychologist.	Allen Neuringer	1940
date of birth	Sir George Brookman KBE (15 April 1840 -- 20 June 1927) was a South Australian businessman who made a fortune from a gold discovery in Western Australia, and is remembered as a generous benefactor of the South Australian School of Mines and Industries and the University of Adelaide.	George Brookman	15 April 1840
date of birth	Adolfo J. de Bold, OC, FRSC (born 14 February 1942) is an Argentinian--	Adolfo J. de Bold	14 February 1942
date of birth	Joshua Chelanga (born 7 April 1973 in Baringo District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner, who won the 2007 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon on April 15, clocking 2:08:21.	Joshua Chelanga	7 April 1973
date of birth	Abdurahiman Randathani was born on 15 March 1961 at Cherussola near Randathani in Malappuram district, as the son of Vakkel Mohammed Haji and Palamadathil Biriyumma Hajjumma.	Abdurahiman Randathani	15 March 1961
date of birth	Rob Curling (born 8 September 1957, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaya) is a British television presenter and journalist.	Rob Curling	8 September 1957
date of birth	Rini Simon Khanna (born 1964) is a noted Indian television news anchor, who worked with state-run Doordarshan (1985 -- 2001), which made her a ``household name'', and later started a career as voiceover professional and anchor person for various events.	Rini Simon Khanna	1964
date of birth	Aleksandar Džikić (Serbian: Александар Џикић; born 23 March 1971) is Serbian professional basketball coach.	Aleksandar Džikić	23 March 1971
date of birth	Diane Zaino Chase (born 1953) is an American anthropologist and archaeologist who specializes in the study of the Ancient Maya.	Diane Zaino Chase	1953
date of birth	Dejan Aćimović (born 20 May 1963) is a Bosnian Croat actor and director.	Dejan Aćimović	20 May 1963
date of birth	Louis Primeau or Primo (fl. 1749-1800) was one of the first European fur traders on the Churchill River.	Louis Primeau	1749
date of birth	Geoffrey de Groen (born December 1938) is an Australian artist known for his abstract works in oil and acrylics.	Geoffrey de Groen	December 1938
date of birth	Antoine Wilson (born 1971) is a Canadian-American novelist and short story writer.	Antoine Wilson	1971
date of birth	Glynis Barber-Brandon (born Glynis van der Riet; 25 October 1955) is a South African-born British actress of Afrikaner descent.	Glynis Barber	25 October 1955
date of birth	Hermann Kusmanek von Burgneustädten (16 September 1860 -- 7 August 1934) was a Colonel-General of the Austrian Imperial Army.	Hermann Kusmanek von Burgneustädten	16 September 1860
date of birth	Albert Roger Mooh Miller (born 20 May 1952), commonly known as Roger Milla, is a retired Cameroonian footballer who played as a striker.	Roger Milla	20 May 1952
date of birth	Dino Sani (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈdʒĩnu ˈsɐ̃ni); Italian: (ˈdino ˈsani); born 23 May 1932) is a former Brazilian footballer and coach.	Dino Sani	23 May 1932
date of birth	Geoff Norcott (born 16 December 1976) is a British comedian who has been performing since 2001.	Geoff Norcott	16 December 1976
date of birth	Nick Gorman (born 7 July 1965) is a television and film director based in the United Kingdom.	Nick Gorman	7 July 1965
date of death	Lauritz Falk (15 November 1909 -- 1 February 1990) was a Swedish actor, film director, singer and painter.	Lauritz Falk	1 February 1990
date of death	Blessed Thomas Belson (died 5 July 1589) was an English Roman Catholic layman.	Thomas Belson	5 July 1589
date of death	Samuel van den Bergh (Oss 6 April 1864 -- Nice 4 February 1941) was one of the main European margarine and soap manufacturers in the early 20th century.	Samuel van den Bergh	4 February 1941
date of death	Howard S. Hoffman (1925--2006) was an American experimental psychologist.	Howard S. Hoffman	2006
date of death	Jean-Blaise Kololo (1952? -- 28 April 1999) was a Congolese politician and diplomat who served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation from 1991 to 1992 as part of the transitional government of Prime Minister André Milongo.	Jean-Blaise Kololo	28 April 1999
developer	Unreal Tournament 2004 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes.	Unreal Tournament 2004	Epic Games
developer	Sanctum 2 is a first-person shooter tower defense video game, developed by independent developer Coffee Stain Studios for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.	Sanctum 2	Coffee Stain Studios
developer	Test Drive Unlimited 2 is an open world racing video game developed by Eden Games and published by Atari.	Test Drive Unlimited 2	Eden Games
developer	Who Dunit was an Exidy light gun arcade game released in 1988.	Who Dunit	Exidy
developer	Spiral Knights is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by Three Rings Design and published by Sega.	Spiral Knights	Three Rings Design
developer	Shard of Spring is a role-playing video game developed by TX Digital Illusions and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. for the Apple II, Commodore 64 and PC DOS computers in 1986.	Shard of Spring	TX Digital Illusions
developer	Evoland is a 2013 role-playing video game developed by Shiro Games, a French video game development company based in Bordeaux.	Evoland	Shiro Games
developer	MotoHeroz is a platform-racing video game developed and self-published by RedLynx.	MotoHeroz	RedLynx
developer	The game engine for Stunt Island was co-developed by The Assembly Line.	Stunt Island	The Assembly Line
developer	E-Motion (also known as Sphericule) is a strategy, action, and puzzle video game developed by The Assembly Line in the late 1980s.	E-Motion	The Assembly Line
developer	WTA Tour Tennis is a tennis video game for the PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox and Game Boy Advance published and the developed by Konami.	WTA Tour Tennis	Konami
developer	Video Pinball is a dedicated video game console released in 1978 as an Atari Inc. coin-op-to-standalone home console translation, by bringing the game Breakout to home players.	Video Pinball	Atari Inc.
developer	Subway Surfers is an ``endless running'' mobile game co-developed by Kiloo, a private company based in U.S.A and SYBO Games.	Subway Surfers	Kiloo	SYBO Games
developer	Rayman Origins is a platform video game developed by Ubisoft Montpellier and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3, Wii, Xbox 360, PlayStation Vita, Nintendo 3DS and Microsoft Windows.	Rayman Origins	Ubisoft Montpellier
developer	Dark Sector, also stylized as darkSector, is a third-person shooter video game developed by Digital Extremes for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows.	Dark Sector	Digital Extremes
developer	BloodNet is a cyberpunk role-playing video game / Adventure game published by MicroProse in 1993.	BloodNet	MicroProse
developer	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004 is a 2003 golf video game published by EA Sports.	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004	EA Sports
developer	Avara is a 1996 computer shooter/action game made by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh.	Avara	Ambrosia Software
developer	JumpStart acquired Neopets from Viacom in April 2014.	Neopets	JumpStart
developer	Warriors of Might and Magic is an action role-playing game developed and released by The 3DO Company for the PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color in 2000.	Warriors of Might and Magic	The 3DO Company
developer	Need for Speed II was developed by EA Canada.	Need for Speed II	EA Canada
developer	Day of the Viper is a first-person adventure video game published by Accolade in 1989.	Day of the Viper	Accolade
developer	Pursuit Force is an action game developed by Bigbig Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation Portable in 2005.	Pursuit Force	Bigbig Studios
developer	Windows 10 is a personal computer operating system released by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems.	Windows 10	Microsoft
developer	Shadow Squadron is a video game published in 1995 for the Sega 32X, known in Japan and Europe as Stellar Assault.	Shadow Squadron	Sega
developer	The Journeyman Project is a time travel adventure computer game developed by Presto Studios.	The Journeyman Project	Presto Studios
developer	Destroy All Humans! 2 (also known as Destroy All Humans! 2: Make War Not Love as seen in the title screen) is an action-adventure game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ.	Destroy All Humans! 2	Pandemic Studios
developer	Laser Blast is a single-player video game developed and published by Activision in March 1981 for the Atari 2600 video game system.	Laser Blast	Activision
developer	Pocket Paint is the Windows CE version of the raster graphics editor Microsoft Paint accessory commonly included with the Windows Operating System.	Pocket Paint	Microsoft
developer	The Magic of Scheherazade, known as Arabian Dream Scheherazade (アラビアンドリーム シェラザード Arabian Dorīmu Sherazādo) in Japan, is an action role-playing video game for the Family Computer and Nintendo Entertainment System, released by Culture Brain in 1987 in Japan and 1989 in North America.	The Magic of Scheherazade	Culture Brain
developer	Tropico 4 is a construction and management simulation video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media.	Tropico 4	Haemimont Games
developer	Darksiders II is an action role-playing hack and slash video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ (now by Nordic Games).	Darksiders II	Vigil Games
developer	Warlocked is a real-time strategy video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color.	Warlocked	Bits Studios
developer	Rogue Ops is a stealth-based action-adventure video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Kemco for the Xbox, GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2003.	Rogue Ops	Bits Studios
developer	Cities XL (originally Cities Unlimited) is a city-building video game developed by Monte Cristo as a sequel to their earlier title City Life.	Cities XL	Monte Cristo
developer	OpenNTPD is primarily developed by Henning Brauer as part of the OpenBSD project.	OpenNTPD	OpenBSD
developer	Joshua & the Battle of Jericho is a Christian video game developed and published by Wisdom Tree.	Joshua & the Battle of Jericho	Wisdom Tree
developer	Paper Toss is a game developed originally for the operating system iOS (iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch) by Backflip Studios, which has since been ported to Android.	Paper Toss	Backflip Studios
developer	Zeno Clash II is a first-person action role-playing and beat 'em up video game developed by ACE Team as the follow-up to Zeno Clash.	Zeno Clash II	ACE Team
developer	On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey (PANYNJ) confirmed that the building would be officially known by its legal name of ``One World Trade Center'', rather than its colloquial name of ``Freedom Tower''.	One World Trade Center	Port Authority of New York and New Jersey
developer	CryEngine is a game engine designed by the German game developer Crytek.	CryEngine	Crytek
developer	David Crane's Amazing Tennis is a tennis simulation video game developed and published by Absolute Entertainment for the Super Nintendo and Mega Drive consoles in 1992.	David Crane's Amazing Tennis	Absolute Entertainment
developer	Brainfuck is an esoteric programming language created in 1993 by Urban Müller, and notable for its extreme minimalism.	Brainfuck	Urban Müller
developer	Avid Free DV is a non-linear editing video editing software application which was made by Avid Technology.	Avid Free DV	Avid Technology
developer	Hollywood Hijinx is an interactive fiction computer game written by ``Hollywood'' Dave Anderson and Liz Cyr-Jones and published by Infocom in 1986.	Hollywood Hijinx	Infocom
developer	Virtua Racing or V.R. for short, is a Formula One racing arcade game, developed by Sega AM2 and released in 1992.	Virtua Racing	Sega AM2
developer	Keystone Kapers is a video game published by Activision for the Atari 2600 in April 1983, and later ported to the Atari 5200, Atari 8-bit family, ColecoVision, and MSX in 1984.	Keystone Kapers	Activision
developer	101-in-1 Sports Party Megamix is a video game developed by Nordcurrent and published by Atlus for the Wii.	101-in-1 Sports Party Megamix	Nordcurrent
developer	Tour de France 2013: 100 Edition is a video game developed by Cyanide, the creators of Pro Cycling Manager, and published by Focus Home Interactive.	Tour de France 2013: 100 Edition	Cyanide
developer	Rampage Knights is a 2015 indie video game by Rake In Grass.	Rampage Knights	Rake In Grass
developer	F1 Racing Simulation is a racing simulation game, developed for the PC by Ubisoft in 1997.	F1 Racing Simulation	Ubisoft
developer	Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge, known in Japan as Rockman EXE Battle Chip GP (ロックマンエグゼ バトルチップGP), is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld game console.	Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge	Inti Creates
developer	UFC Undisputed 2010 (also known as UFC Undisputed 2) is a mixed martial arts video game featuring Ultimate Fighting Championship properties and fighters developed by Yuke's and published by THQ.	UFC Undisputed 2010	Yuke
developer	Mr. Nutz is a side scrolling, 2D platformer video game published by Ocean Software.	Mr. Nutz	Ocean Software
developer	When questioned about Sega AM2's plans for Virtua Cop 2 in a February 1995 interview, AM2 manager Fumio Kurokawa stated ``We're not sure if there will be (a) VC2.	Virtua Cop 2	Sega AM2
developer	Angry Birds POP! is a tile matching game co-developed by Rovio Entertainment and Outplay Entertainment that was soft launched for iOS in Canada on December 22, 2014 and released worldwide for iOS and Android on March 12, 2015.	Angry Birds POP!	Rovio Entertainment
developer	Far Cry 4 is an open world action-adventure first-person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows.	Far Cry 4	Ubisoft Montreal
developer	Darkstalkers Resurrection, known as Vampire Resurrection (ヴァンパイア リザレクション Vanpaia Rizarekushon) in Japan, is a 2013 video game developed by Iron Galaxy Studios and published by Capcom.	Darkstalkers Resurrection	Iron Galaxy Studios
developer	The Cope reaction or Cope elimination, developed by Arthur C. Cope, is an elimination reaction of the N-oxide of a tertiary amine to form an alkene and a hydroxylamine.	Cope reaction	Arthur C. Cope
developer	Perfect Dark is a first-person shooter video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console.	Perfect Dark	Rare
developer	AdventureQuest (also referred to by its website name BattleOn or abbreviated to AQ) is an online flash-based single-player role-playing video game started in 2002 and currently developed by Artix Entertainment.	AdventureQuest	Artix Entertainment
developer	Cosmic Wartoad was an action game developed by Denton Designs for the ZX Spectrum.	Cosmic Wartoad	Denton Designs
developer	Ricochet Infinity is the fourth installment in the Ricochet video game series by Reflexive Entertainment.	Ricochet Infinity	Reflexive Entertainment
developer	Hero Academy is a two-player turn-based tactics video game created by the developer Robot Entertainment, known for their previous series Orcs Must Die!.	Hero Academy	Robot Entertainment
developer	In computer programming, a Visual Basic Extension (commonly abbreviated VBX) or custom control, was the component model used in Microsoft Visual Basic versions 1.0 to 3.0.	Visual Basic Extension	Microsoft
developer	Grabbed by the Ghoulies is an action-adventure video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox.	Grabbed by the Ghoulies	Rare
developer	OpenRefine, formerly called Google Refine, is a standalone open source desktop application for data cleanup and transformation to other formats, the activity known as data wrangling.	OpenRefine	Google	open source
developer	Valtric is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game, released in 1986 by Jaleco.	Valtric	Jaleco
developer	Developed by VSoft Technologies, Automise offers a graphical user interface for automating repetitive tasks through the creation of Automise projects.	Automise	VSoft Technologies
developer	PixelJunk Racers is a puzzle, racing game developed by Q-Games for the PlayStation 3.	PixelJunk Racers	Q-Games
developer	Bejeweled Blitz is a puzzle video game, originally a Facebook application which is developed and published by PopCap Games.	Bejeweled Blitz	PopCap Games
developer	Family Table Tennis (Okiraku Ping Pong Wii in Japan) is a table tennis video game developed by Arc System Works for the Wii and Nintendo 3DS.	Family Table Tennis	Arc System Works
developer	Moto Racer 2 is a motocross racing game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.	Moto Racer 2	Delphine Software International
developer	A preview version of Windows XP Media Center Edition from Microsoft's eHome division, was shown at CES 2002, with the final version released later that year.	Windows XP Media Center Edition	Microsoft
developer	Knight Force is a computer game developed by Titus Software for the Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, IBM PC compatible and the ZX Spectrum.	Knight Force	Titus Software
developer	Inbox by Gmail is an email app by Google for Android, iOS, as well as the browsers Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.	Inbox by Gmail	Google
developer	Age of Mythology (AoM) is a mythology-based real-time strategy video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios.	Age of Mythology	Ensemble Studios
developer	Mega Man Network Transmission, known in Japan as Rockman EXE Transmission (ロックマン エグゼ トランスミッション Rokkuman Eguze Toransumisshon), is a video game developed by Arika and published by Capcom and ShoPro Entertainment for the Nintendo GameCube console.	Mega Man Network Transmission	Arika
developer	Top Spin 4 is a tennis video game developed by 2K Czech and published by 2K Sports released on the PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 consoles.	Top Spin 4	2K Czech
developer	Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters is an arcade game developed by Atari Games in 1989.	Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters	Atari Games
developer	Halo 3 is a 2007 first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie for the Xbox 360 console.	Halo 3	Bungie
developer	The GNU Project announced on November 2012 the first release of GNU Guix, a functional package manager based on Nix that provides, among other things, Guile Scheme APIs.	GNU Guix	GNU Project
developer	Missile Command 3D is a 3D rendered version of the original Missile Command arcade game for the Atari Jaguar console.	Missile Command 3D	Atari
developer	Grand Theft Auto Online is a persistent, open world online multiplayer video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games.	Grand Theft Auto Online	Rockstar North
developer	The Alchemy (microarchitecture) is a low power microprocessor design developed by Alchemy Semiconductor implementing the MIPS32 instruction set by MIPS Technologies.	Alchemy (microarchitecture)	Alchemy Semiconductor
developer	Sandvox is a WYSIWYG template-based website creation tool by Karelia Software, based on WebKit.	Sandvox	Karelia Software
developer	The Pentium III (marketed as Intel Pentium III Processor, informally PIII, also stylized as Pentium !!! ) brand refers to Intel's 32-bit x86 desktop and mobile microprocessors based on the sixth-generation P6 microarchitecture introduced on February 26, 1999.	Pentium III	Intel
director	Wild Canaries is an American comedy film directed, produced and written by Lawrence Michael Levine.	Wild Canaries	Lawrence Michael Levine
director	Shivashankar (Kannada: ಶಿವಶಂಕರ್) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Bhargava and Rajaram.	Shivashankar	H. R. Bhargava
director	My Wife Makes Music (German:Meine Frau macht Musik) is an East German musical film directed by Hans Heinrich.	My Wife Makes Music	Hans Heinrich
director	Once You Give Away Your Heart (German: Wenn du einmal dein Herz verschenkst) is a 1929 German film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Lilian Harvey, Igo Sym and Harry Halm.	Once You Give Away Your Heart	Johannes Guter
director	IOWA is an independent neo-noir film directed, written and starring Matt Farnsworth.	IOWA	Matt Farnsworth
director	No Lies is a 1973 short dramatic film made by Mitchell Block while he was a student at New York University.	No Lies	Mitchell Block
director	When Husbands Flirt is a 1925 American film directed by William A. Wellman.	When Husbands Flirt	William A. Wellman
director	Carga de rurales is an 1896 Mexican short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Gabriel Veyre.	Carga de rurales	Gabriel Veyre
director	Unfriended is a 2014 American found footage supernatural horror film directed by Russo-Georgian director Levan Gabriadze, written by Nelson Greaves, exec-produced by Jason Blum, co-produced by Adam Sidman, and produced by Timur Bekmambetov and Greaves.	Unfriended	Levan Gabriadze
director	The Las Vegas Hillbillys is a 1966 American country music comedy film directed by Arthur C. Pierce.	The Las Vegas Hillbillys	Arthur C. Pierce
director	Sati Savitri is a 1978 Telugu film directed by B. A. Subba Rao under the banner of Lalitha Siva Jyothi Studios.	Sati Savitri	B. A. Subba Rao
director	Of Thee I Sting is a 1946 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, written by Michael Maltese and narrated by Robert C. Bruce that is a parody of World War II documentaries and the title Of Thee I Sing.	Of Thee I Sting	Friz Freleng
director	Mathai Kuzhappakkaranalla is a 2014 Malayalam family film directed by Akku Akbar, produced by Anto Joseph.	Mathai Kuzhappakkaranalla	Akku Akbar
director	The Nebraskan is a 1953 3-D Technicolor Western film directed by Fred F. Sears starring Phil Carey and Roberta Haynes.	The Nebraskan	Fred F. Sears
director	Apasionata (English: Passion) is a 1983 Albanian romantic drama film directed by Kristaq Mitro and Ibrahim Muçaj.	Apasionata	Kristaq Mitro	Ibrahim Muçaj
director	Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian thriller film, written and directed by Sebastián Cordero.	Crónicas	Sebastián Cordero
director	Since Otar Left (original French title: Depuis qu'Otar est parti...) is a 2003 film by director Julie Bertuccelli, recounting the lives of three Georgian women in modern-day Tbilisi.	Since Otar Left	Julie Bertuccelli
director	Murder in the Blue Room is a 1944 American film directed by Leslie Goodwins.	Murder in the Blue Room	Leslie Goodwins
director	A Confucian Confusion (Chinese: 獨立時代; pinyin: Dúlì Shídài) is a 1994 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Edward Yang.	A Confucian Confusion	Edward Yang
director	There Are So Many Things Still to Say (Arabic: وهناك أشياء كثيرة كان يمكن أن يتحدث عنها المرء‎) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay.	There Are So Many Things Still to Say	Omar Amiralay
director	The Tale of Zatoichi (Japanese: 座頭市物語 Zatōichi monogatari), directed by Kenji Misumi, is the first film of a classic Japanese samurai drama saga starring Shintaro Katsu as Zatoichi, a character created by Kan Shimozawa.	The Tale of Zatoichi	Kenji Misumi
director	Apne Paraye (English: Relatives and Others) is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Mushir Alam.	Apne Paraye	Basu Chatterjee
director	Love, Lies and Seeta is a 2012 Indian-American independent romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Chandra Pemmaraju.	Love, Lies and Seeta	Chandra Pemmaraju
director	One Wild Ride is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	One Wild Ride	Robert F. McGowan
director	The Curse of Man (German: Der Fluch der Menschheit, 1. Teil - Die Tochter der Arbeit) is a 1920 German film directed by Richard Eichberg and featuring Béla Lugosi.	The Curse of Man	Richard Eichberg
director	Union Maids is a 1976 American documentary film directed by Jim Klein, Julia Reichert and Miles Mogulescu.	Union Maids	Jim Klein
director	A Bucket of Blood is a 1959 American black comedy horror film directed by Roger Corman.	A Bucket of Blood	Roger Corman
director	Ontarjatra (Bengali: অর্ন্তযাত্রা; English: Homeland) is a 2006 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud.	Ontarjatra	Tareque Masud
director	Last Embrace is a 1979 thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme.	Last Embrace	Jonathan Demme
director	Kali the Little Vampire (Portuguese: Kali, o pequeno vampiro) is a 2012 animated short film directed by Regina Pessoa.	Kali the Little Vampire	Regina Pessoa
director	Denk bloß nicht, ich heule (English: Just Don't Think I'll Cry) is a 1965 East German drama film directed by Frank Vogel of DEFA Studio.	Denk bloß nicht, ich heule	Frank Vogel
director	A Shadow You Soon Will Be (Spanish: Una sombra ya pronto serás) is a 1994 Argentine drama film directed by Héctor Olivera.	A Shadow You Soon Will Be	Héctor Olivera
director	Sarvam (Tamil: சர்வம்; English: Everything) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic thriller written and directed by Vishnuvardhan.	Sarvam	Vishnuvardhan
director	Muddula Krishnaiah is a 1986 Telugu film produced by S. Gopal Reddy, Bhargav Art Productions, and directed by Kodi Ramakrishna.	Muddula Krishnaiah	Kodi Ramakrishna
director	Little Lili (French: La petite Lili) is a 2003 French film by French director Claude Miller.	Little Lili	Claude Miller
director	Let Me Die a Woman is a 1978 semi-documentary film by exploitation film director Doris Wishman.	Let Me Die a Woman	Doris Wishman
director	The Mystic is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning, who later directed MGM's Freaks (1932).	The Mystic	Tod Browning
director	Cold Creek Manor is a 2003 American mystery thriller film directed by Mike Figgis.	Cold Creek Manor	Mike Figgis
director	Arctic Son was produced and directed by Andrew Walton, aired on PBS's P.O.V. documentary series in 2007, and was screened as part of the Seattle International Film Festival.	Arctic Son	Andrew Walton
director	Naukari (Job) is a 1954 Bollywood film directed by Bimal Roy for Bimal Roy Productions.	Naukari	Bimal Roy
director	Grave Encounters 2 is a 2012 Canadian-American horror film, directed by John Poliquin, written by The Vicious Brothers and the sequel to the 2011 film Grave Encounters.	Grave Encounters 2	John Poliquin
director	Gandondu Hennaru (Kannada: ಗಂಡೊಂದು ಹೆಣ್ಣಾರು) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu.	Gandondu Hennaru	B. R. Panthulu
director	Lost Kisses (Italian: I baci mai dati) is a 2010 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberta Torre and based on a story by Torre.	Lost Kisses	Roberta Torre
director	Engaeyum Eppothum (Anywhere, Anytime) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by newcomer M. Saravanan.	Engaeyum Eppothum	M. Saravanan
director	Buccaneer Bunny is a 1947 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series, released in 1948, directed by Friz Freleng.	Buccaneer Bunny	Friz Freleng
director	Gharana Bullodu is a 1995 Telugu film produced by K. Krishna Mohan Rao on RK Film Associates, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Gharana Bullodu	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Country of the Deaf (Russian: Страна глухих, translit. Strana glukhikh) is a 1998 Russian crime film directed by Valery Todorovsky, loosely based on the Renata Litvinova's novel To Own and Belong.	Country of the Deaf	Valery Todorovsky
director	Janathipathyam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Madhu and produced by M Mani.	Janathipathyam	K. Madhu
director	Aa Dinagalu (Kannada: ಆ ದಿನಗಳು; English: Those Days) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime drama film based on the non-fiction novel Daadaagiriya Dinagalu by Agni Shridhar, and directed by K. M. Chaitanya.	Aa Dinagalu	K. M. Chaitanya
director	Grand Jury Secrets is a 1939 American comedy film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Irving Reis, Maxwell Shane and Robert Yost.	Grand Jury Secrets	James P. Hogan
director	Alolam is a 1982 Malayalam film directed by Mohan.	Alolam	Mohan
director	Shoot Out is a 1971 western film directed by Henry Hathaway.	Shoot Out	Henry Hathaway
director	Memories in March is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Sanjoy Nag.	Memories in March	Sanjoy Nag
director	In the Name of the Girl (Spanish: En el Nombre de la Hija) is a 2011 Ecuadorian drama film written and directed by Tania Hermida.	In the Name of the Girl	Tania Hermida
director	Kochi Rajavu (translated as King of Kochi) is a 2005 Malayalam-language Masala film , directed by Johny Antony.	Kochi Rajavu	Johny Antony
director	Boys' School (Les Disparus de Saint-Agil in French) is a 1938 French drama film by Christian-Jaque based on the novel of the same title by Pierre Véry.	Boys' School	Christian-Jaque
director	The Daffy Doc is a 1938 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Bob Clampett and starring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck.	The Daffy Doc	Bob Clampett
director	Freckles Comes Home is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough based on the novel by Jeannette Stratton-Porter that was a sequel to Freckles by her mother Gene Stratton-Porter.	Freckles Comes Home	Jean Yarbrough
director	Gable and Lombard is a 1976 American biographical film directed by Sidney J. Furie.	Gable and Lombard	Sidney J. Furie
director	Man at Sea (Greek: Άνθρωπος στη Θάλασσα, translit. Anthropos sti thalassa) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Constantine Giannaris.	Man at Sea	Constantine Giannaris
director	The Marines Who Never Returned (Hangul: 돌아오지 않는 해병; RR: Doraoji anneun haebyong; aka Marines Are Gone) is a 1963 South Korean film directed by Lee Man-hee.	The Marines Who Never Returned	Lee Man-hee
director	Adada (Hangul: 아다다) is a 1987 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek, based on a story by Kye Yong-mook.	Adada	Im Kwon-taek
director	Directed by Roger Lim, it is the first AmerAsian film of a trilogy and stars Lim as Eric Young (who takes on the identity of unknown Jimmy Lee) and Evlin Lake as Monica Donovan (Eric's potential love interest).	AmerAsian	Roger Lim
director	Fire Birds (originally titled Wings of the Apache and released internationally under that name) is a 1990 action-thriller film directed by David Green and produced by William Badalato, Keith Barish and Arnold Kopelson.	Fire Birds	David Green
director	The Wrong Door is directed by Ben Wheatley, and written by him, Jack Cheshire and a large writing team, including Phillip Barron, John Camm, the Dawson Brothers, Ollie Aplin, Tim Inman, Susy Kane, Will Maclean, and Bert Tyler-Moore.	The Wrong Door	Ben Wheatley
director	El Benny is a Cuban film released in 2006, directed and co-written by Jorge Luis Sánchez, his first feature-length film.	El Benny	Jorge Luis Sánchez
director	Raid on Rommel is an American B movie in Technicolor from 1971, directed by Henry Hathaway and set in North Africa during the Second World War.	Raid on Rommel	Henry Hathaway
director	Blaze of Noon is a 1947 aviation adventure film directed by John Farrow and based on writer and aviator Ernest K. Gann's best-selling novel Blaze of Noon (1946), a story about early air mail operations.	Blaze of Noon	John Farrow
director	Khoya Khoya Chand, (translation: Lost Moon) is a Bollywood film directed by Sudhir Mishra which released on 7 December 2007.	Khoya Khoya Chand	Sudhir Mishra
director	Laugh and Get Rich is a 1931 Pre-Code American comedy film, directed by Gregory La Cava, from a screenplay he also wrote with contributions from Douglas MacLean, who also was the associate producer, and Ralph Spence.	Laugh and Get Rich	Gregory La Cava
director	The Old Young People (Spanish: Los Jóvenes viejos, and also known as The Sad Young Men) is a 1962 Argentine film written and directed by Rodolfo Kuhn.	The Old Young People	Rodolfo Kuhn
director	The Best Bad Man is a 1925 American silent Western film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Lillie Hayward.	The Best Bad Man	John G. Blystone
director	Colin Fitz Lives!, also known simply as Colin Fitz is a 1997 Independent film directed by Robert Bella.	Colin Fitz Lives!	Robert Bella
director	They Were So Young (German: Mannequins für Rio) is a 1954 drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Felix Lützkendorf and Kurt Neumann.	They Were So Young	Kurt Neumann
director	Raja Rani Badsha (Bengali: রাজা রানী বাদশা) is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced under the banner of Lakshmi Chitram.The film has been music composed by Babul Bose.	Raja Rani Badsha	Haranath Chakraborty
director	Puthiya Theerangal (Malayalam: പുതിയ തീരങ്ങള്‍; English: The New Shores) is a 2012 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad, produced by Anto Joseph, and written by Benny P Nayarambalam.	Puthiya Theerangal	Sathyan Anthikad
director	The Virtuous Bigamist (French: Sous le ciel de Provence, Italian: Era di venerdì 17) is a 1956 French-Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Soldati.	The Virtuous Bigamist	Mario Soldati
director	Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa's documentary on Straub and Huillet, Où gît votre sourire enfoui? (alternately translated into English as Where Does Your Hidden Smile Lie? or Where Lies Your Hidden Smile?), was filmed while they were editing Sicilia!.	Sicilia!	Straub and Huillet
director	Blood Monkey is a 2007 American direct-to-video natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment and directed by Robert Young.	Blood Monkey	Robert Young
director	Killing Words (Palabras encadenadas) is a Spanish psychological thriller co-written and directed by Laura Mañá.	Killing Words	Laura Mañá
director	Ali Baba 40 Dongalu is a 1970 Telugu swashbuckling adventure fantasy film directed by B. Vittalacharya.	Ali Baba 40 Dongalu	B. Vittalacharya
director	Bill and Coo is a 1948 film directed by Dean Riesner, filmed in Trucolor, and conceived to showcase George Burton's trained birds (Burton's Birds).	Bill and Coo	Dean Riesner
director	Isle of Flowers (Portuguese: Ilha das Flores) is a 1989 Brazilian short film by Jorge Furtado.	Isle of Flowers	Jorge Furtado
director	The Glass Agency (Persian: آژانس شیشه‌ای‎‎) is a 1998 Iranian drama film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia.	The Glass Agency	Ebrahim Hatamikia
director	Bunshinsaba 2 (simplified Chinese: 笔仙Ⅱ; traditional Chinese: 筆仙Ⅱ; pinyin: Bĭxiān Ⅱ) is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki.	Bunshinsaba 2	Ahn Byeong-ki
director	Trieste mia!, alternately titled Trieste del mio cuore, is a 1951 Italian film directed by Mario Costa.	Trieste mia!	Mario Costa
director	Cirkusrevyen 1936 is a 1936 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Cirkusrevyen 1936	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 (also known as pagal2) is a 2013 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Sangeeth Sivan and a sequel to the 2011 hit film, Yamla Pagla Deewana.	Yamla Pagla Deewana 2	Sangeeth Sivan
director	Vicharana (English: Trial) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by Sibi Malayil.	Vicharana	Sibi Malayil
director	The Redhead from Wyoming is a 1953 American Western drama film produced by Leonard Goldstein and directed by Lee Sholem.	The Redhead from Wyoming	Lee Sholem
director	``Nothing Important Happened Today I'' was directed by Kim Manners and ``Nothing Important Happened Today II'' was directed by Tony Wharmby.	Nothing Important Happened Today	Kim Manners	Tony Wharmby
director	Jab Tak Hai Jaan (English: As Long as I Live, literally ``as long, or as far, as there is life'') is a 2012 Indian romantic drama film directed by Yash Chopra and written and produced by Aditya Chopra under their production banner, Yash Raj Films.	Jab Tak Hai Jaan	Yash Chopra
director	Bangaarada Panjara (Kannada: ಬಂಗಾರದ ಪಂಜರ) is a 1974 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by V. Somashekhar and starring Rajkumar in the lead role.	Bangaarada Panjara	V. Somashekhar
director	Ek Thi Daayan (Hindi: एक थी डायन; English translation: Once there was a Witch) is a 2013 Indian supernatural thriller film directed by Kannan Iyer, adapted from the short story Mobius Trips by Mukul Sharma.	Ek Thi Daayan	Kannan Iyer
director	Gol Maal (Chaos) is a 1979 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.	Gol Maal	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
director	The Fate of Renate Langen (German:Das Schicksal der Renate Langen) is a 1931 German film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Mady Christians, Francis Lederer and Hilde Hildebrand.	The Fate of Renate Langen	Rudolf Walther-Fein
director	Koothara (English: The Rogue / Cultureless / Bad / Untidy) is a 2014 Malayalam coming of age mystery thriller film directed by Srinath Rajendran.	Koothara	Srinath Rajendran
director	Garoto Cósmico (English: Cosmic Boy) is a 2007 Brazilian animated film directed by Alê Abreu.	Garoto Cósmico	Alê Abreu
director	Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam 2 is a 2005 Malaysian horror movie directed by Shuhaimi Baba released in Malaysia on 24 November 2005.	Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam 2	Shuhaimi Baba
director	Eight Taels of Gold (Chinese: 八兩金, Ba ya jin) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Mabel Cheung.	Eight Taels of Gold	Mabel Cheung
director	Walking Too Fast (Czech: Pouta, literally handcuffs or bonds) is a Czech Thriller and drama film directed by Radim Špaček.	Walking Too Fast	Radim Špaček
director	All My Loved Ones (Czech: Všichni moji blízcí) is a 1999 Czech-language film directed by Matej Mináč.	All My Loved Ones	Matej Mináč
director	The Liberation of L.B. Jones is a 1970 American drama film directed by William Wyler, his final project in a career that spanned 45 years.	The Liberation of L.B. Jones	William Wyler
director	Deep Breath (Persian:نفس عمیق) is a 2003 Iranian Crystal Simorgh winner film directed by Parviz Shahbazi.	Deep Breath	Parviz Shahbazi
director	The Unnamed Zone (Spanish: La Zona) is a 2006 Spanish documentary film by director Carlos Rodríguez about the lives of three young Ukrainian children directly affected by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster.	The Unnamed Zone	Carlos Rodríguez
director	Do Knot Disturb is a Bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan.	Do Knot Disturb	David Dhawan
director	The Last Posse is a 1953 American black-and-white western film directed by Alfred L. Werker.	The Last Posse	Alfred L. Werker
director	The She Beast (Italian title: La Sorella di Satana; also known as Revenge of the Blood Beast) is a 1966 British-Italian horror film written and directed by Michael Reeves.	The She Beast	Michael Reeves
director	Appointment for Love is a 1941 film made by Universal Pictures, directed by William A. Seiter.	Appointment for Love	William A. Seiter
director	Sevanthi Sevanthi (Kannada: ಸೇವಂತಿ ಸೇವಂತಿ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed and written by S. Narayan.	Sevanthi Sevanthi	S. Narayan
director	Some Girls Do is a 1969 British comedy spy film directed by Ralph Thomas.	Some Girls Do	Ralph Thomas
director	``Onks' Viljoo näkyny?'' is a 1988 Finnish comedy film directed by Hannu Seikkula.	Onks' Viljoo näkyny?	Hannu Seikkula
director	Rang De Basanti (IPA: (ˈrəŋɡ d̪eː bəˈsənt̪i); English: Colour it Saffron) is a 2006 Indian drama film co written, co produced and directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra.	Rang De Basanti	Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
director	Sana Dati (English: If Only) is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film written and directed by Jerrold Tarog.	Sana Dati	Jerrold Tarog
director	Yeh Hai Jalwa (Hindi: ये है जलवा, Urdu: یے ہے جلوہ‎, This Is Magic) is a 2002 Bollywood comedy film Directed by David Dhawan.	Yeh Hai Jalwa	David Dhawan
director	Naked Massacre is a 1976 West German / Canadian / French / Italian film directed by Denis Héroux.	Naked Massacre	Denis Héroux
director	What Has That Woman Done to You? (Spanish:¡¿Qué te ha dado esa mujer?!) is a 1951 Mexican comedy film directed by Ismael Rodríguez and starring Pedro Infante, Luis Aguilar and Rosa Arenas.	What Has That Woman Done to You?	Ismael Rodríguez
director	Dena Paona (Bengali: দেনা পাওনা) is a 1931 Bengali film directed by Premankur Atorthy, starring Amar Mullick, Durga Das Bannerjee, Jahar Ganguly, Nibhanani Devi and Bhanu Bandyopadhyay.	Dena Paona	Premankur Atorthy
director	The Inkwell is a 1994 romantic comedy/drama film, directed by Matty Rich.	The Inkwell	Matty Rich
director	Stalin's Disciples (Hebrew: ילדי סטאלין) is a 1986 Israeli film directed by Nadav Levitan that satirizes the utopian ideology of the Israeli kibbutz.	Stalin's Disciples	Nadav Levitan
director	Oru Malarin Payanam (Tamil: ஒரு மலரின் பயணம்) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha V. Ramasasmy.	Oru Malarin Payanam	Muktha Srinivasan
director	Money No Enough 2 (Chinese: 钱不够用二; pinyin: Qián bùgòu yòng èr) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by Neo Studios, Mediacorp Raintree Pictures and Scorpio EastPictures.	Money No Enough 2	Jack Neo
director	A Place to Live is a 1941 documentary film directed by Irving Lerner and produced by the Philadelphia Housing Association, a nonprofit affordable housing advocacy group.	A Place to Live	Irving Lerner
director	There's One Born Every Minute is a 1942 American Universal Pictures comedy film directed by Harold Young.	There's One Born Every Minute	Harold Young
director	By Reason of Insanity is a two-part 2015 BBC documentary by Louis Theroux.	By Reason of Insanity	Louis Theroux
director	Hag in a Black Leather Jacket (1964) is a John Waters short film made in Baltimore, Maryland, starring Mona Montgomery and Mary Vivian Pearce.	Hag in a Black Leather Jacket	John Waters
director	The Waif and the Wizard (AKA: The Home Made Happy) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a magician using his magic to aid an ailing girl at the request of her brother.	The Waif and the Wizard	Walter R. Booth
director	I Am Maria (Swedish: Jag är Maria) is a 1979 Swedish drama film directed by Karsten Wedel.	I Am Maria	Karsten Wedel
director	12B is a 2001 Tamil romance film directed and co-written by Jeeva.	12B	Jeeva
director	Arizona to Broadway is a 1933 American Pre-Code crime romance film made by Fox Film Corporation, directed by James Tinling.	Arizona to Broadway	James Tinling
director	Fatal Honeymoon is a 2012 made-for-television movie directed and produced by Nadia Tass.	Fatal Honeymoon	Nadia Tass
director	Khud-Daar (Hindi: खुद्दार) is a 1982 Indian Hindi movie directed by Ravi Tandon.	Khud-Daar	Ravi Tandon
director	Eiffel I'm in Love is a 2003 Indonesian teen romantic comedy film directed by was Nasri Cheppy.	Eiffel I'm in Love	Nasri Cheppy
director	The Finishing Touch is a 1928 short comedy silent film produced by Hal Roach, directed by Clyde Bruckman and starring Laurel and Hardy.	The Finishing Touch	Clyde Bruckman
director	Secrets of the Tribe is a documentary film by director José Padilha premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival, where it was nominated for a Grand Jury Prize.	Secrets of the Tribe	José Padilha
director	Thinkalaazhcha Nalla Divasam (English: Monday, an Auspicious Day) is a 1985 Malayalam drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan.	Thinkalaazhcha Nalla Divasam	P. Padmarajan
director	Boy 7 is a Dutch movie from 2015 directed by Lourens Blok.	Boy 7	Lourens Blok
director	Sivappu Mazhai (Tamil: சிவப்பு மழை; English: (lit.) Red Rain) is a 2010 Tamil action film written and directed by V. Krishnamurthy.	Sivappu Mazhai	V. Krishnamurthy
director	Adam and Eva is a 1923 American comedy silent film directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Guy Bolton, George Middleton and Luther Reed.	Adam and Eva	Robert G. Vignola
director	5 Fingers, known also as Five Fingers, is a 1952 American spy film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Otto Lang.	5 Fingers	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
director	Sugar, Honey and Pepper (Italian: Zucchero, miele e peperoncino) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.	Sugar, Honey and Pepper	Sergio Martino
director	Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining (Dutch: Achter de wolken schijnt de zon) is a 1925 Dutch silent documentary film directed by Willy Mullens.	Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining	Willy Mullens
director	Too Busy to Work is a 1939 American comedy film, directed by Otto Brower that was one of the Jones Family film series.	Too Busy to Work	Otto Brower
director	The Puppetoon Movie is a 1987 animated film written, produced, and directed by Arnold Leibovit.	The Puppetoon Movie	Arnold Leibovit
director	Blinkity Blank is a 1955 animated short film by Norman McLaren, engraved directly onto black film leader, Blinkity Blank features a soundtrack combining improvisational jazz from composer Maurice Blackburn along with graphical sounds created by McLaren scratching onto the film's optical soundtrack.	Blinkity Blank	Norman McLaren
director	Yankee Doodle Bugs is a Looney Tunes cartoon short, released in 1954, which was written by Warren Foster and directed by Friz Freleng.	Yankee Doodle Bugs	Friz Freleng
director	The Duped Journalist (Hungarian:A becsapott újságíró) is a 1914 Hungarian silent film directed by Alexander Korda and Gyula Zilahi.	The Duped Journalist	Alexander Korda
director	Last Stop for Paul is a 2006 independent film by Neil Mandt.	Last Stop for Paul	Neil Mandt
director	Brass Target is a 1978 American post war suspense film, based on the novel The Algonquin Project by Frederick Nolan and directed by John Hough.	Brass Target	John Hough
director	Off Key (also known as Desafinado) is a 2001 Spanish-British-Italian comedy film written and directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira.	Off Key	Manuel Gómez Pereira
director	The Shipbuilders is a 1943 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Clive Brook, Morland Graham and Nell Ballantyne.	The Shipbuilders	John Baxter
director	Five Minutes of Heaven is a British and Irish film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel from a script by Guy Hibbert.	Five Minutes of Heaven	Oliver Hirschbiegel
director	Les J3 (also known as The J3) is a 1945 French film directed by Roger Richebé, and adapted from the play by the same name, written by Roger Ferdinand.	Les J3	Roger Richebé
director	Beyond the Walls (Hebrew: מאחורי הסורגים‎, MeAhorei HaSoragim, lit. ``Behind the Bars'') is a 1984 Israeli film directed by Uri Barbash co-wrote with Eran Preis.	Beyond the Walls	Uri Barbash
director	The Woman in the Cupboard (German:Die Frau im Schrank) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Kaethe Consee and Willy Fritsch.	The Woman in the Cupboard	Rudolf Biebrach
director	Chain of Desire is an American 1992 drama - romance film directed by Temístocles López.	Chain of Desire	Temístocles López
director	Aldri annet enn bråk is a 1954 Norwegian comedy-drama film, edited by Edith Carlmar.	Aldri annet enn bråk	Edith Carlmar
director	Co-Written and Directed by P. Bharathiraja, music by Ilaiyaraaja and cinematography by P. S. Nivas In an era of over-dramatised acting in Tamil films, Sigappu Rojakkal was one of the notable and the best exceptions.	Sigappu Rojakkal	P. Bharathiraja
director	Jugnu (English: firefly) is a 1973 Indian Hindi movie produced and directed by Pramod Chakravorty.	Jugnu	Pramod Chakravorty
director	Shaadi Se Pehle (Hindi: शादी से पहले, Urdu: شادی سے پہلے English: Before the marriage) is a 2006 Bollywood comedy film directed by Satish Kaushik and produced by Subhash Ghai.	Shaadi Se Pehle	Satish Kaushik
director	Xuxa em O Mistério de Feiurinha is a children's film directed by Tizuka Yamasaki and starring Xuxa Meneghel.	Xuxa em O Mistério de Feiurinha	Tizuka Yamasaki
director	Better Days Ahead (Portuguese: Dias Melhores Virão) is a 1989 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed by Carlos Diegues.	Better Days Ahead	Carlos Diegues
director	3 Day Test is a 2012 American film directed and written by Corbin Bernsen and starring George Newbern, Megyn Price, and Bernsen.	3 Day Test	Corbin Bernsen
director	Abraham Lincoln's Clemency was a 1910 American film directed by Theodore Wharton and produced by Pathé Films.	Abraham Lincoln's Clemency	Theodore Wharton
director	The Communication Awards of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine awarded a $20,000 prize for excellence in communicating science to the general public in Film/Radio/TV to David Kaplan and Mark Levinson for ``Particle Fever'' on October 14, 2015.	Particle Fever	Mark Levinson
director	Those Without Sin is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Marshall Neilan and written by Thomas J. Geraghty, George DuBois Proctor and Harvey F. Thew.	Those Without Sin	Marshall Neilan
director	27A is a 1974 Australian film directed by Esben Storm.	27A	Esben Storm
director	Lips of Lurid Blue (Italian: Labbra di lurido blu, also known as With Lips of Lurid Blue and With Lips of Filthy Blue) is a 1975 erotic drama film written and directed by Giulio Petroni.	Lips of Lurid Blue	Giulio Petroni
director	The Thin Man Goes Home is a 1945 motion picture directed by Richard Thorpe.	The Thin Man Goes Home	Richard Thorpe
director	The Silk Express is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Ray Enright and written by Houston Branch and Ben Markson.	The Silk Express	Ray Enright
director	The Leap in the Dark (German:Der Sprung ins Dunkle) is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective character Stuart Webbs, part of a long-running series of silent films.	The Leap in the Dark	Ernst Reicher
director	The Black Enforcer (Chinese: 黑強制執行) is a 1972 Hong Kong dramatic action film directed by Ho Meng Hua.	The Black Enforcer	Ho Meng Hua
director	Russian Meat (Croatian: Rusko meso) is a 1997 Croatian film directed by Lukas Nola.	Russian Meat	Lukas Nola
director	Trishagni (English title:The Sand Storm) was a 1988 Hindi film directed by Nabendu Ghosh.	Trishagni	Nabendu Ghosh
director	Suburban Mayhem is a 2006 Australian film directed by Paul Goldman, written by Alice Bell, produced by Leah Churchill-Brown and Executive Producer Jan Chapman.	Suburban Mayhem	Paul Goldman
director	Kiss Daddy Goodnight is a 1987 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Peter Ily Huemer.	Kiss Daddy Goodnight	Peter Ily Huemer
director	Killer's Moon is a 1978 British horror film written and directed by Alan Birkinshaw, with uncredited dialogue written by his novelist sister, Fay Weldon.	Killer's Moon	Alan Birkinshaw
director	Bad Charleston Charlie is a 1973 comedy film written by and starring cult actor Ross Hagen and directed by Ivan Nagy.	Bad Charleston Charlie	Ivan Nagy
director	The Saplings (Russian: Саженцы, translit. Sazhentsy, Georgian: ნერგები, translit. Nergebi) is a 1972 Soviet comedy film directed by Rezo Chkheidze.	The Saplings	Rezo Chkheidze
director	Unsettled is a 2007 documentary feature film written, directed, and produced by Adam Hootnick, depicting the experiences of six young Israeli adults taking part in the Gaza disengagement of August, 2005.	Unsettled	Adam Hootnick
director	Portia on Trial is a 1937 American film about a trial based on story of Faith Baldwin and directed by George Nicholls, Jr..	Portia on Trial	George Nicholls, Jr.
director	The Public Life of Henry the Ninth (1935) is a British comedy film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring Leonard Henry, Betty Frankiss, and George Mozart.	The Public Life of Henry the Ninth	Bernard Mainwaring
director	Revenge of the Electric Car is a 2011 feature documentary film by Chris Paine, who also directed Who Killed the Electric Car?.	Revenge of the Electric Car	Chris Paine
director	Miss Pilgrim's Progress is a 1949 black-and-white British comedy film by producer Nat Cohen and director Val Guest.	Miss Pilgrim's Progress	Val Guest
director	Four Women of Egypt (original French title Quatre femmes d'Égypte) is a 1997 Canadian-Egyptian documentary film by Tahani Rached.	Four Women of Egypt	Tahani Rached
director	See You in Montevideo (Serbian: Montevideo, vidimo se!) is a 2014 Serbian comedy film written and directed by Dragan Bjelogrlić.	See You in Montevideo	Dragan Bjelogrlić
director	The Petal on the Current is a lost 1919 American drama film directed by Tod Browning.	The Petal on the Current	Tod Browning
director	Wild Horse Stampede is a 1943 American Western film, directed by Alan James and starring Ken Maynard and Hoot Gibson playing marshals with their own names in the manner of Gene Autry and Roy Rogers.	Wild Horse Stampede	Alan James
director	Kakkakum Poochakkum Kalyanam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. K. Haridas and produced by Fazal, Satheesh Kuttiyil and Premkumar Parambath.	Kakkakum Poochakkum Kalyanam	K. K. Haridas
director	Swinging at the Castle (Swedish: Det svänger på slottet) is a 1959 Swedish comedy film directed by Alf Kjellin.	Swinging at the Castle	Alf Kjellin
director	I am a Mother (Persian: Man Madar Hastam‎) is a 2012 Iranian drama film directed by Fereydoun Jeyrani.	I am a Mother	Fereydoun Jeyrani
director	Yaarige Saluthe Sambala (Kannada: ಯಾರಿಗೆ ಸಾಲುತ್ತೆ ಸಂಬಳ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada comedy - family drama film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by B. G. Hemalatha.	Yaarige Saluthe Sambala	M. S. Rajashekar
director	Gents in a Jam was the last short directed by Edward Bernds, long considered the Stooges' finest director.	Gents in a Jam	Edward Bernds
director	Thirupaachi is a 2005 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Perarasu.	Thirupaachi	Perarasu
director	Outlaws of Pine Ridge is a 1942 American western film directed by William Witney and starring Don 'Red' Barry, Lynn Merrick and Noah Beery.	Outlaws of Pine Ridge	William Witney
director	Twist of Faith is a 2004 American documentary film directed by Kirby Dick about a man who confronts the Catholic Church about the abuse he suffered as a teenager.	Twist of Faith	Kirby Dick
director	The Ordinary Radicals is a 2008 documentary film directed by Philadelphia filmmaker Jamie Moffett.	The Ordinary Radicals	Jamie Moffett
director	Psychos in Love is a 1987 American black comedy horror film, directed by Gorman Bechard.	Psychos in Love	Gorman Bechard
director	The Loser Takes It All (Greek: Ο χαμένος τα παίρνει όλα, tr. O chamenos ta pairnei ola) is a 2002 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film, the seventh feature film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis.	The Loser Takes It All	Nikos Nikolaidis
director	Podokkhep (Bengali: পদক্ষেপ ``Footstep'') is a 2006 Bengali film by Suman Ghosh.	Podokkhep	Suman Ghosh
director	The Russian Novel (Hangul: 러시안 소설; RR: Reosian Soseol) is a 2012 South Korean film written and directed by Shin Yeon-shick about an aspiring author who wakes up from a 27-year coma as one of his country's finest authors, credited for a book he didn't write.	The Russian Novel	Shin Yeon-shick
director	Columbus on Trial is a film directed by Lourdes Portillo in 1992.	Columbus on Trial	Lourdes Portillo
director	A Coo-ee from Home is a 1918 Australian silent film directed by Charles Woods about a miner who falls in love with a wealthy heiress.	A Coo-ee from Home	Charles Woods
director	The Boxing Kangaroo is an 1896 British short black-and-white silent documentary film, produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's peep show Kinetoscopes, featuring a young boy boxing with a kangaroo.	The Boxing Kangaroo	Birt Acres
director	Tyrant Fear is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Roy William Neill and written by R. Cecil Smith.	Tyrant Fear	Roy William Neill
director	Mugabe's Zimbabwe (2010) is a factual film directed by Shrenik Rao.	Mugabe's Zimbabwe	Shrenik Rao
director	The Spessart Inn (German: Das Wirtshaus im Spessart) is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Kurt Hoffmann.	The Spessart Inn	Kurt Hoffmann
director	Beautiful Wonderful Perfect or Er rer (Thai: เอ๋อเหรอ) is a 2005 Thai family comedy film directed by Poj Arnon.	Beautiful Wonderful Perfect	Poj Arnon
director	Sila Samayangalil (English: Sometimes) is an upcoming Indian Tamil social drama film, written and directed by Priyadarshan.	Sila Samayangalil	Priyadarshan
director	Flame in the Streets is a 1961 film directed by Roy Ward Baker and based on the 1958 play Hot Summer Night by Ted Willis.	Flame in the Streets	Roy Ward Baker
director	On June 25, 2008, director Charles Band announced that he would be making a sequel entitled Bride of the Head of the Family.	Head of the Family	Charles Band
director	Incident at Oglala is a 1992 documentary by Michael Apted, narrated by Robert Redford.	Incident at Oglala	Michael Apted
director	Oru Naal Oru Kanavu (Tamil: ஒரு நாள் ஒரு கனவு, English: One day, one dream) is a 2005 Indian Tamil romance film directed by Fazil.	Oru Naal Oru Kanavu	Fazil
director	Bawke is a 2005 short film directed by Hisham Zaman and produced in Norway.	Bawke	Hisham Zaman
director	Terror Island is a 1920 American silent adventure film produced by Jesse Lasky and directed by James Cruze.	Terror Island	James Cruze
director	Black Field is a 2009 Canadian historical drama film and the debut of filmmaker Danishka Esterhazy.	Black Field	Danishka Esterhazy
director	Ein Sommer in Paris (English: ``A Summer in Paris'') is a 2011 German romantic film, written by Stefan Cantz and Jan Hinterand and directed by Jorgo Papavassiliou.	Ein Sommer in Paris	Jorgo Papavassiliou
director	The Cowboy and the Blonde is a 1941 western-comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and released by 20th Century Fox.	The Cowboy and the Blonde	Ray McCarey
director	Itha Oru Snehagatha is a 1997 Indian Malayalam romance film, written and directed by Captain Raju.	Itha Oru Snehagatha	Captain Raju
director	Dreams That Money Can Buy is a 1947 experimental feature color film written, produced, and directed by surrealist artist and dada film-theorist Hans Richter.	Dreams That Money Can Buy	Hans Richter
director	Zurdo, is a 2003 Mexican fantasy adventure film, directed by Carlos Salces from the same company that produced Amores Perros.	Zurdo	Carlos Salces
director	InAlienable is a 2008 science fiction film with horror and comic elements, written and produced by Walter Koenig, and directed by Robert Dyke.	InAlienable	Robert Dyke
director	Nuts in May is a television film devised and directed by Mike Leigh, filmed in March 1975, and originally broadcast as part of the BBC's Play for Today series on 13 January 1976.	Nuts in May	Mike Leigh
director	The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania is a 2005 documentary film directed by David Hunt and Jody Eldred about the fiftieth annual ``Pennsylvania Bituminous Coal Queen'' beauty pageant which took place on Sunday, August 17, 2003 at the State Theatre Center for the Arts (Uniontown, Pennsylvania).	The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania	David Hunt
director	Devil Face, Angel Heart is a 2002 thriller film directed by Billy Chung.	Devil Face, Angel Heart	Billy Chung
director	The Night Brings Charlie is a 1990 horror film directed by Tom Logan, and written by Bruce Carson.	The Night Brings Charlie	Tom Logan
director	The Abyss of Repentance (Polish:Otchlan pokuty) is a 1923 Polish silent drama film directed by Wiktor Biegański and starring Antoni Piekarski, Ryszard Sobiszewski and Halina Maciejowska.	The Abyss of Repentance	Wiktor Biegański
director	A Hole in the Forehead (Italian: Un buco in fronte, also known as A Hole Between the Eyes) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuseppe Vari.	A Hole in the Forehead	Giuseppe Vari
director	Chinnamul (alternate spelling Chhinnamul, The Uprooted) was a 1950 Bengali film directed by Nemai Ghosh.	Chinnamul	Nemai Ghosh
director	Morning in the Streets is a BBC television documentary directed by Denis Mitchell and Roy Harris in 1959, for the BBC Northern Film Unit.	Morning in the Streets	Denis Mitchell
director	Mucheettukalikkaarante Makal is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by SK Nair.	Mucheettukalikkaarante Makal	Thoppil Bhasi
director	Dead Sure (Tagalog: Segurista) is a 1996 Philippine drama film directed by Tikoy Aguiluz.	Dead Sure	Tikoy Aguiluz
director	Where Is Freedom? (Italian: Dov'è la libertà?) is a 1954 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini.	Where Is Freedom?	Roberto Rossellini
director	Neenga Nalla Irukkanum (English: (lit.) You Should Live Long) is a 1992 Tamil film written and directed by Visu.	Neenga Nalla Irukkanum	Visu
director	Dear Old London is a 1933 Australian short film directed by Claude Flemming for Efftee Studios.	Dear Old London	Claude Flemming
director	Ubojite misli (English: Battle Thoughts) is a 2006 Croatian short film directed by Stanka Gjurić.	Ubojite misli	Stanka Gjurić
director	El pasajero clandestino (French: Le Passager clandestin, Catalan: El passatger clandestí) is a 1995 French-Spanish dramatic independent underground television art film directed by Agustí Villaronga.	El pasajero clandestino	Agustí Villaronga
director	The Red Cat (German:Die rote Katze) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder.	The Red Cat	Erich Schönfelder
director	It's Always the Woman is a British silent motion picture of 1916 directed by Wilfred Noy (1883--1948) and produced by the Clarendon Film Company.	It's Always the Woman	Wilfred Noy
director	Island of Lost Women is a 71-minute, black-and-white film, directed by Frank Tuttle, which was released by Warner Brothers in 1959.	Island of Lost Women	Frank Tuttle
director	From a Night Porter's Point of View (Polish: Z punktu widzenia nocnego portiera) is a 1977 documentary film by Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Kieślowski.	From a Night Porter's Point of View	Krzysztof Kieślowski
director	Yoga Hosers is a 2016 American comedy horror film written and directed by Kevin Smith.	Yoga Hosers	Kevin Smith
director	Five Hours from Paris (Hebrew: Hamesh Shaot me'Pariz‎) is a 2009 Israeli comedy film by Leonid Prudovsky.	Five Hours from Paris	Leonid Prudovsky
director	Hanna's War is a 1988 film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan.	Hanna's War	Menahem Golan
director	A Matter of Faith is a 2014 American Christian drama film directed by Rich Christiano and stars Harry Anderson, Jordan Trovillion, Jay Pickett, and Clarence Gilyard.	A Matter of Faith	Rich Christiano
director	Jedenácté přikázání, also known as The Eleventh Commandment', is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Jedenácté přikázání	Martin Frič
director	The Make Believe Pirates (Italian: Allegri masnadieri) is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Elter.	The Make Believe Pirates	Marco Elter
director	Chimmie Fadden is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed, written and edited Cecil B. DeMille.	Chimmie Fadden	Cecil B. DeMille
director	The General in Red Robes (홍의 장군 - Hongui janggun) is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo-yong.	The General in Red Robes	Lee Doo-yong
director	Okay Bill is a 1971 film directed by John G. Avildsen.	Okay Bill	John G. Avildsen
director	Pehla Nasha (Hindi: पहला नशा, English: First Intoxication (as in Love)) is a 1993 Indian film and the debut of director Ashutosh Gowariker.	Pehla Nasha	Ashutosh Gowariker
director	Voltati Eugenio (internationally released as Eugenio and Turn Around Eugenio) is a 1980 Italian comedy drama film by Luigi Comencini.	Voltati Eugenio	Luigi Comencini
director	Balkan Express (Serbian: Балкан експрес) is a 1983 Yugoslavian film by director Branko Baletić.	Balkan Express	Branko Baletić
director	Monsterz(aka.Monsters) is a 2014 Japanese fantasy horror thriller film directed by Hideo Nakata.	Monsterz	Hideo Nakata
director	Atthege Thakka Sose (Kannada: ಅತ್ತೆಗೆ ತಕ್ಕ ಸೊಸೆ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by S. D. Ankalagi, B. H. Chandannavar, Surendra Ingale and M. G. Hublikar.	Atthege Thakka Sose	Y. R. Swamy
director	Candida, Woman of the Year (Spanish: Cándida, la mujer del año) is a 1943 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Santos Discépolo and starring Niní Marshall, Augusto Codecá, and Carlos Morganti.	Candida, Woman of the Year	Enrique Santos Discépolo
director	Robert Kennedy Remembered is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Charles Guggenheim.	Robert Kennedy Remembered	Charles Guggenheim
director	La Modelo de la calle Florida is a 1939 Argentine low budget musical film directed by Julio Irigoyen.	La Modelo de la calle Florida	Julio Irigoyen
director	Coming to America is a 1988 American romantic comedy film directed by John Landis, and based on a story originally created by Eddie Murphy, who also starred in the lead role.	Coming to America	John Landis
director	Lover of the Great Bear (Italian: L'amante dell'Orsa Maggiore, French: La ligne de feu, German: Nur der letzte kam durch, also known as The Smugglers) is a 1971 Italian-French-German drama film directed by Valentino Orsini and starring Giuliano Gemma and Senta Berger.	Lover of the Great Bear	Valentino Orsini
director	Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land is a black and white 1952 Adventure film directed by Lew Landers and written by Samuel Newman.	Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land	Lew Landers
director	Pereval (The Pass; Russian: Перевал) is a 1988 Soviet animated short film, directed by Vladimir Tarasov and written by Kir Bulychov.	Pereval	Vladimir Tarasov
director	Middle of the Night is a 1959 American drama film directed by Delbert Mann, and released by Columbia Pictures.	Middle of the Night	Delbert Mann
director	The Lightkeepers is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Adams.	The Lightkeepers	Daniel Adams
director	Kunjaliyan (Malayalam: കുഞ്ഞളിയന്‍ , English: Young Brother-in-law) is a 2011 Malayalam satirical film directed by Saji Surendran and written by Krishna Poojapura.	Kunjaliyan	Saji Surendran
director	Cutting Moments (Daybreak) is a 1997 short film written, produced and directed by Douglas Buck, in cooperation with The New School.	Cutting Moments	Douglas Buck
director	Denko is a 1993 short drama film directed by Guinean film maker Mohamed Camara.	Denko	Mohamed Camara
director	Toto Forever, also known in Spanish as Toto Para Siempre or Siempre Toto, is a 2010 drama short film directed by Roberto F. Canuto and written by Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi.	Toto Forever	Roberto F. Canuto
director	Biraj Bahu is a 1954 Hindi film produced by Hiten Choudhury and directed by Bimal Roy, and based on a Bengali novel by Saratchandra Chattopadhyay.	Biraj Bahu	Bimal Roy
director	Bambi is a 1942 American animated drama film directed by David Hand (supervising a team of sequence directors), produced by Walt Disney and based on the book Bambi, A Life in the Woods by Austrian author Felix Salten.	Bambi	David Hand
director	Muhwagwa (무화과, Fig Tree) is a 1935 Korean film directed by Na Woon-gyu.	Muhwagwa	Na Woon-gyu
director	Ramji Rao Speaking is a 1989 Indian Malayalam comedy film written and directed by the Siddique-Lal duo.	Ramji Rao Speaking	Siddique-Lal
director	Tuesday, After Christmas (Romanian: Marţi, după Crăciun) is a 2010 Romanian film written and directed by Radu Muntean.	Tuesday, After Christmas	Radu Muntean
director	Mundhinam Paartheney is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant director Magizh Thirumeni, starring newcomers Sanjay, Ekta Ghosla, Lizna, Pooja and Sai Prashanth in lead roles.	Mundhinam Paartheney	Magizh Thirumeni
director	Destiny Turns on the Radio (1995) is an American action-comedy film, directed by Jack Baran.	Destiny Turns on the Radio	Jack Baran
director	Dance of the Damned is a 1989 American film directed by Katt Shea and executive produced by Roger Corman.	Dance of the Damned	Katt Shea
director	Mankillers, also known as 12 Wild Women, is a 1987 film written and directed by David A. Prior.	Mankillers	David A. Prior
director	Indonesia Calling is a 1946 Australian short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and produced by the then Waterside Workers' Federation.	Indonesia Calling	Joris Ivens
director	Stark Raving Black is a stand-up comedy film starring Lewis Black and directed by Adam Dubin.	Stark Raving Black	Adam Dubin
director	Dhamaal (Hindi: धमाल; English translation: Fun) is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria.	Dhamaal	Indra Kumar
director	Aar Ya Paar (now or never) is a 1997 Bollywood film produced and directed by Ketan Mehta.	Aar Ya Paar	Ketan Mehta
director	Antareen (The Confined) is a 1993 Indian film in Bengali language, directed by Mrinal Sen, based on a story by Saadat Hasan Manto.	Antareen	Mrinal Sen
director	Wrong World is a 1985 Australian film directed by Ian Pringle.	Wrong World	Ian Pringle
director	We'll Smile Again is a 1942 British musical comedy film, directed by John Baxter, and starring Bud Flanagan, Chesney Allen and Meinhart Maur.	We'll Smile Again	John Baxter
director	Avittam Thirunaal Aarogya Sriman (Malayalam: അവിട്ടം തിരുനാള്‍ ആരോഗ്യ ശ്രീമാന്‍ ) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi.	Avittam Thirunaal Aarogya Sriman	Viji Thampi
director	Neil Simon's I Ought to Be in Pictures (also known simply as I Ought to Be in Pictures) is a 1982 American comedy-drama film directed by Herbert Ross and based on Neil Simon's play of the same name.	Neil Simon's I Ought to Be in Pictures	Herbert Ross
director	Friendship! is a 2010 German film directed by Markus Goller.	Friendship!	Markus Goller
director	The Perfect Dictatorship (Spanish: La dictadura perfecta) is a 2014 Mexican comedy political satire film, written, produced and directed by Luis Estrada and starring Damián Alcázar, Alfonso Herrera, Joaquín Cosío, Dagoberto Gama, María Rojo and Salvador Sánchez.	The Perfect Dictatorship	Luis Estrada
director	Girl from Avenue A is a 1940 American comedy film, directed by Otto Brower.	Girl from Avenue A	Otto Brower
director	Suddenly, It's Spring (some sources list the title without a comma) is a 1947 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen.	Suddenly, It's Spring	Mitchell Leisen
director	Veruthe Oru Bharya (English: A Wife for Nothing) is a 2008 Malayalam film written by K. Gireesh Kumar and directed by Akku Akbar.	Veruthe Oru Bharya	Akku Akbar
director	The Forgiveness of Blood (Albanian: Falja e Gjakut) is a 2011 Albanian-American drama film co-written and directed by Joshua Marston.	The Forgiveness of Blood	Joshua Marston
director	Ezhai Pangalan (Tamil: ஏழை பங்காளன்) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by Violin K. V. Mahadevan.	Ezhai Pangalan	K. Shankar
director	De tal palo tal astilla (English translation: A Chip Off the Old Block) is a 1960 Mexican western comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado, produced by Jesús Galindo, and released by Filmadora Chapultepec.	De tal palo tal astilla	Miguel M. Delgado
director	The Sweet Sins of Sexy Susan (Austrian release: Susanne, die Wirtin von der Lahn, West German release: Die Wirtin von der Lahn) is a 1967 Austrian costume drama-sex comedy film directed by Franz Antel.	The Sweet Sins of Sexy Susan	Franz Antel
director	Do Raaste (translation: Two roads) is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla.	Do Raaste	Raj Khosla
director	Sudhandhiram (English: Independence) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Raj Kapoor and produced by K. R. Gangadharan.	Sudhandhiram	Raj Kapoor
director	Les Longs Manteaux is a Franco-Argentine film, directed by Gilles Béhat, which links drama and action in the spaghetti-western genre.	Les Longs Manteaux	Gilles Béhat
director	If You Build It is a 2013 documentary directed by Patrick Creadon, produced by Neal Baer, and filmed on location largely in the town of Windsor and surrounding Bertie County, North Carolina, the state's poorest county.	If You Build It	Patrick Creadon
director	Rikas tyttö (English translation - The Rich Girl) is a 1939 Finnish film directed by Valentin Vaala.	Rikas tyttö	Valentin Vaala
director	The Old Monk's Tale is a 1913 American drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley, produced by The Edison Company and released by General Film Company.	The Old Monk's Tale	J. Searle Dawley
director	Crocodile Hunters is 1949 documentary directed by Lee Robinson about both aboriginal and professional crocodile hunters in the Northern Territory.	Crocodile Hunters	Lee Robinson
director	Pride of Maryland is a 1951 American drama film directed by Philip Ford and written by John K. Butler.	Pride of Maryland	Philip Ford
director	Chinnari Papalu (Telugu: చిన్నారి పాపలు) is a 1968 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Mahanati Savitri.	Chinnari Papalu	Savitri
director	The Million Dollar Collar is a 1929 American part-talkie crime film directed by D. Ross Lederman.	The Million Dollar Collar	D. Ross Lederman
director	The Man Without Desire is a 1923 British silent film fantasy drama, directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ivor Novello, who also co-produced the film along with Miles Mander.	The Man Without Desire	Adrian Brunel
director	Frankenstein's Daughter is a 1958 science-fiction romance horror film directed by Richard E. Cunha and is one of the four drive-in films that he released with help from producer Marc Frederic.	Frankenstein's Daughter	Richard E. Cunha
director	My Heart Incognito (French:Mon coeur incognito) is a 1931 comedy film directed by André-Paul Antoine and Manfred Noa and starring Mady Christians.	My Heart Incognito	André-Paul Antoine
director	There Was Once a Loyal Hussar (German:Es war einmal ein treuer Husar) is a 1929 German film directed by Carl Heinz Wolff and starring Grit Haid.	There Was Once a Loyal Hussar	Carl Heinz Wolff
director	The Holocaust Experience is a 2003 documentary by Oeke Hoogendijk that takes a serious, slightly critical, look at Holocaust museums around the globe.	The Holocaust Experience	Oeke Hoogendijk
director	Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Bharat Nalluri.	Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day	Bharat Nalluri
director	Crossfire Hurricane is a 2012 documentary film about The Rolling Stones written and directed by Brett Morgen.	Crossfire Hurricane	Brett Morgen
director	The Adventures of Mr. Pickwick is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley based on the novel The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens.	The Adventures of Mr. Pickwick	Thomas Bentley
director	The Little Drummer Girl was made into a feature film by George Roy Hill in 1984.	The Little Drummer Girl	George Roy Hill
director	Sevagan is a 1992 Tamil language crime film directed and produced by Arjun Sarja, making his directorial debut.	Sevagan	Arjun Sarja
director	Thommanum Makkalum (English: Thomman and Sons) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Shafi, written by Benny P. Nayarambalam, and produced by Lal under his production house Lal Creations.	Thommanum Makkalum	Shafi
director	The Man from Colorado is a 1948 American western-psychological drama film directed by Henry Levin and produced by Jules Schermer for Columbia Pictures.	The Man from Colorado	Henry Levin
director	Registe, also known as Women Directors, is a 2014 Italian independent film written and directed by Diana Dell'Erba.	Registe	Diana Dell'Erba
director	Erstwhile Susan is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by John S. Robertson, produced and distributed by Realart Pictures.	Erstwhile Susan	John S. Robertson
director	Never on Tuesday is a comedy film written and directed by Adam Rifkin.	Never on Tuesday	Adam Rifkin
director	Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile (Translation: This Way, Students) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by avant-garde filmmaker John Abraham.	Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile	John Abraham
director	Lucky Carson is a 1921 American silent film, directed by Wilfrid North.	Lucky Carson	Wilfrid North
director	Mina Tannenbaum is a 1994 French film written and directed by Martine Dugowson, her debut feature.	Mina Tannenbaum	Martine Dugowson
director	Devudu (English: God) is a 1997 Telugu, drama film produced by A.Gopinath, M.Venkatrao & C.Krishna Rao on Sri Chitra Creations banner, directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty.	Devudu	Ravi Raja Pinisetty
director	Bataille de boules de neige (also known as Snowball Fight) is an 1896 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière.	Bataille de boules de neige	Louis Lumière
director	À propos de Sarajevo is a name of a documentary written and directed by Haris Pašović.	À propos de Sarajevo	Haris Pašović
director	Why Cry at Parting? (German:Wer wird denn weinen, wenn man auseinandergeht?) is a 1929 British-German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Dina Gralla, Harry Halm and Paul Morgan.	Why Cry at Parting?	Richard Eichberg
director	Jiseul (Hangul: 지슬) is a 2012 South Korean war drama film written and directed by Jeju Island native O Muel.	Jiseul	O Muel
director	The series movie's scenario which screened the novel Toate pînzele sus! (1954) of Radu Tudoran, it was written by Alexandru Struțeanu and Mircea Mureșan.	Toate pînzele sus	Mircea Mureșan
director	Assignment Redhead (released in the US as Million Dollar Manhunt) is a 1956 British crime thriller, written and directed by Maclean Rogers.	Assignment Redhead	Maclean Rogers
director	Njan Samvidhanam Cheyyum (English: I Will Direct) is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian family drama film written, directed and produced by Balachandra Menon.	Njan Samvidhanam Cheyyum	Balachandra Menon
director	Madhura Charika (English: Joyful journeys) is a Sinhala language film written and directed by Udayakantha Warnasuriya.	Joyful journeys	Udayakantha Warnasuriya
director	Markandeyan is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language film written and directed by FEFSI Vijayan.	Markandeyan	FEFSI Vijayan
director	Like Two Drops of Water (Dutch: Als twee druppels water) is a 1963 Dutch drama film directed by Fons Rademakers.	Like Two Drops of Water	Fons Rademakers
director	O Homem que Virou Suco is a 1980 Brazilian drama film written and directed by João Batista de Andrade.	O Homem que Virou Suco	João Batista de Andrade
director	Mulleya Mulleya (Hangul: 여인 잔혹사 물레야 물레야; RR: Yeo-in Janhoksa Mulle-ya Mulle-ya ; also known as Spinning the Tales of Cruelty Towards Women), is a 1984 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo-yong.	Mulleya Mulleya	Lee Doo-yong
director	Bonds of Honor is a 1919 American silent film directed by William Worthington.	Bonds of Honor	William Worthington
director	'It's Alive!' is a 1969 American film directed by Larry Buchanan about a mad farmer who tries to feed a stranded couple to a dinosaur he keeps in a cave.	'It's Alive!'	Larry Buchanan
director	A Computer Animated Hand is a 1972 American computer-animated film produced by Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke.	A Computer Animated Hand	Edwin Catmull
director	The Wooden Man's Bride (Chinese: 五魁; pinyin: Wǔ kuí) is a 1994 Chinese film directed by the fifth generation filmmaker Huang Jianxin.	The Wooden Man's Bride	Huang Jianxin
director	Tum Bin - Love Will Find the Way (meaning Without You) is a 2001 Hindi movie directed by Anubhav Sinha.	Tum Bin	Anubhav Sinha
dissolved or abolished	The Province of Hesse-Nassau (German: Provinz Hessen-Nassau) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1868 to 1918, then a province of the Free State of Prussia until 1944.	Hesse-Nassau	1944
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Morón was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066.	Taifa of Morón	1066
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Purchena was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed from 1145 to 1150.	Taifa of Purchena	1150
dissolved or abolished	In December 1988, Philip Morris acquired Kraft, Inc., and, in 1990, combined the two food companies as Kraft General Foods (KGF).	General Foods	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Valencia was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed, in and around Valencia, Spain during four distinct periods: from 1010 to 1065, from 1075 to 1099, from 1145 to 1147 and last from 1229 to 1238 when it was finally conquered by the Aragon.	Taifa of Valencia	1238
dissolved or abolished	James Shears and Sons was a firm of London coppersmiths and braziers who were active from c1785 to 1891.	James Shears and Sons	1891
dissolved or abolished	Although Hewson Consultants closed in 1991, their games are still covered in the retro gaming press, and many of their hit titles, including Uridium, Paradroid, Nebulus and Cybernoid, have recently launched on Nintendo's Virtual Console game download service.	Hewson Consultants	1991
dissolved or abolished	When the Batavian Republic was created in 1795, the Lordship of Utrecht was abolished.	Lordship of Utrecht	1795
dissolved or abolished	At the end of February 2003, The Cranberries started working with Stephen Street and debuted their work for the first time in Belfast, Northern Ireland, on 29 May 2003 performing the songs ``Astral Projection'' and ``In it Together''.	The Cranberries	2003
dissolved or abolished	The Colony of Vancouver Island (officially known as the Island of Vancouver and its Dependencies), was a crown colony of British North America from 1849 to 1866, after which it was united with the mainland to form the Colony of British Columbia.	Colony of Vancouver Island	1866
dissolved or abolished	During the Napoleonic Wars, Prussian troops occupied Nordhausen on 2 August 1802; the city lost its status as an Imperial Free City during the German Mediatisation.	Nordhausen	1802
dissolved or abolished	Tver Viceroyalty (Russian: Тверское наместничество, Tverskoye namestnichestvo) was an administrative division of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1775 until 1796.	Tver Viceroyalty	1796
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Guadix and Baza was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from only 1145 to 1151 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Murcia.	Taifa of Guadix and Baza	1151
dissolved or abolished	The Lokot Autonomy (Russian: Локотскoe самоуправление) was a semi-autonomous region in Nazi German-occupied Central Russia led by Bronislav Kaminski's administration from July 1942 to August 1943.	Lokot Autonomy	1943
dissolved or abolished	The Fifth Republic of South Korea was the government of South Korea from 1979 to 1987, replacing the Fourth Republic of South Korea.	Fifth Republic of South Korea	1987
dissolved or abolished	Aster Società Italiana Motori was an Italian manufacturer of automobiles from 1906-1908.	Aster Società Italiana Motori	1908
dissolved or abolished	The Union of Populars (Greek: Ένωσις Λαϊκών) was a coalition of Greek right-wing political parties for the elections of 1958.	Union of Populars	1958
dissolved or abolished	Founded on December 6, 1929, by Leroy Grumman and partners, its independent existence ended in 1994 when it was acquired by Northrop Corporation to form Northrop Grumman.	Grumman	1994
dissolved or abolished	S.C.A.P. (Société de Construction Automobile Parisienne) was a French manufacturer of cars and proprietary engines, existing between 1912 and 1929.	S.C.A.P.	1929
dissolved or abolished	The Bornu Empire (1380--1893) was a state of what is now northeastern Nigeria from 1380 to 1893.	Bornu Empire	1893
dissolved or abolished	Moscow Governorate (Russian: Московская губерния; pre-reform Russian: Московская губернiя), or the Government of Moscow, was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Tsardom of Russia, the Russian Empire, and the Russian SFSR, which existed in 1708--1929.	Moscow Governorate	1929
dissolved or abolished	Hafslund Nycomed is a defunct company that existed between 1986 and 1996 after the power and industry company Hafslund had bought the pharmaceutical company Nycomed.	Hafslund Nycomed	1996
dissolved or abolished	Since discontinuing all scheduled service in May 2008, North American Airlines continued to operate until 2014 as solely a charter airline.	North American Airlines	2014
dissolved or abolished	The State of the Presidi (Italian Stato dei Presidi, meaning ``state of the garrisons'') was a small state (300 km2) in Italy between 1557 and 1801.	State of the Presidi	1801
dissolved or abolished	The Königsberg Public Library was destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II.	Königsberg Public Library	1944
dissolved or abolished	Southern Han (simplified Chinese: 南汉; traditional Chinese: 南漢; pinyin: Nán Hàn) was a kingdom that existed during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period (907-960) along China's southern coast from 917 to 971.	Southern Han	971
dissolved or abolished	From 1 July 2015, the Department of Immigration and Border Protection and the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service were consolidated into a single Department of Immigration and Border Protection.	Australian Customs and Border Protection Service	1 July 2015
dissolved or abolished	The Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim (German: Hochstift Hildesheim) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire from the Middle Ages until 1803.	Bishopric of Hildesheim	1803
dissolved or abolished	The Pahlavi dynasty (Persian: دودمان پهلوی‎‎) was the ruling house of Iran from 1925 until 1979, when the monarchy was overthrown and abolished as a result of the Iranian Revolution.	Pahlavi dynasty	1979
dissolved or abolished	PC Bruno was a Polish-French signals intelligence station near Paris during World War II, from October 1939 until June 1940.	PC Bruno	1940
dissolved or abolished	Amp'd Mobile was a mobile phone service launched in the United States in late 2005, and in Canada in early 2007.	Amp'd Mobile	2007
dissolved or abolished	On February 1, 2006, the Filene's/Kaufmann's organization was dissolved and the management of its stores was assumed by Macy's East and the new Macy's Midwest.	Kaufmann's	2006
dissolved or abolished	On 10 February 2015, RapidShare announced on its home page that it would shut down its services permanently on 31 March 2015.	RapidShare	31 March 2015
dissolved or abolished	In 1998, Synon was acquired by Sterling Software of Plano, Texas.	Synon	1998
dissolved or abolished	Alenia Aeronautica was created in 1990 by concentrating the Finmeccanica aerospace and defense industries Aeritalia and Selenia.	Aeritalia	1990
dissolved or abolished	The Janoir was a French automobile manufactured from 1921 until 1922 by a motorcycle and sidecar company in Saint-Ouen.	Janoir	1922
dissolved or abolished	The Polish Academy of Literature (Polish: Polska Akademia Literatury, PAL) was one of the most important state institutions of literary life in the Second Polish Republic, operating between 1933--1939 with the headquarters in Warsaw.	Polish Academy of Literature	1939
dissolved or abolished	Vesy (Russian: Весы́; English: The Balance or The Scales) was a Russian symbolist magazine published in Moscow from 1904 to 1909, with the financial backing of philanthropist S. A. Polyakov.	Vesy	1909
dissolved or abolished	The International Marxist Group (IMG) was a Trotskyist group in Britain between 1968 and 1982.	International Marxist Group	1982
dissolved or abolished	The Michel Irat was a French automobile manufactured from 1929 until 1930 in Paris.	Michel Irat	1930
dissolved or abolished	Confederate Arizona was a territory claimed by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War, between 1861 and 1865.	Confederate Arizona	1865
dissolved or abolished	The Woermann-Linie was a German shipping company that operated from 1885 to 1941.	Woermann-Linie	1941
dissolved or abolished	Chimor (also Kingdom of Chimor) was the political grouping of the Chimú culture that ruled the northern coast of Peru, beginning around 850 and ending around 1470.	Chimor	1470
dissolved or abolished	Lechmere (/ˈliːtʃmɪər/; sometimes described as Lechmere's) was a New England retail store that closed in 1997.	Lechmere	1997
dissolved or abolished	Infinity Broadcasting Corporation was a radio company that existed from 1972 until 2005.	Infinity Broadcasting Corporation	2005
dissolved or abolished	Weingarten Abbey or St. Martin's Abbey (German: Reichsabtei Weingarten until 1803, then merely Abtei Weingarten) is a Benedictine monastery on the Martinsberg (St. Martin's Mount) in Weingarten near Ravensburg in Baden-Württemberg (Germany).	Weingarten Abbey	1803
dissolved or abolished	On 31 March 1924 the assets and operations of Handley Page Transport were merged with three other British airlines to found Imperial Airways.	Handley Page Transport	1924
educated at	Joseph Bell DeRemer was born in New Jersey on September 14, 1871 and studied one year at Columbia University.	Joseph Bell DeRemer	Columbia University
educated at	Born in Arrah on 4 March 1881, Rivers Berney Worgan was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Rivers Berney Worgan	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	The Art Guys have worked together since 1983 after meeting while students at the University of Houston.	The Art Guys	University of Houston
educated at	Travis Nicklaw (born December 21, 1993) is an American-born Guamanian international footballer who plays D1 soccer for San Diego State University in the Pac-12 Conference and for FC Tucson in the USL Premier Development League.	Travis Nicklaw	San Diego State University
educated at	Erica Yuen graduated from St. Stephen's College, Hong Kong in 1997, and she continued her education at Tufts University in Massachusetts, and graduated summa cum laude.	Erica Yuen	Tufts University
employer	Lothar Ledderose (born July 12, 1942 in Munich) is a German professor of the History of Art of Eastern Asia at the University of Heidelberg.	Lothar Ledderose	University of Heidelberg
employer	Bill Nichols is Professor Emeritus in the Cinema Department at San Francisco State University and Chair of the Documentary Film Institute advisory board.	Bill Nichols	San Francisco State University
employer	Sarah Cullen (6 October 1949 -- 22 January 2012) was a British radio and television journalist who worked for ITN, as well as BBC Radio 4's Today programme.	Sarah Cullen	BBC
employer	Rim Turkmani is a Syrian-born astrophysicist at Imperial College London and Dorothy Hodgkin Research Fellow of the Royal Society.	Rim Turkmani	Imperial College London
employer	Anne Fausto-Sterling (born July 30, 1944) is the Nancy Duke Lewis Professor of Biology and Gender Studies at Brown University.	Anne Fausto-Sterling	Brown University
father	Claudia Cohen was the daughter of businessman Robert B. Cohen, the founder of Hudson News and the president of the Hudson County News Company, a magazine wholesaler, and his wife, Harriet (née Brandwein).	Claudia Cohen	Robert B. Cohen
father	Hatshepsut was the daughter of Thutmose I and his primary wife Ahmes.	Hatshepsut	Thutmose I
father	Przemysł II was the fifth child and only son of Duke Przemysł I of Greater Poland and his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Duke Henry II the Pious of Silesia.	Przemysł II	Przemysł I of Greater Poland
father	Lady Agnes Campbell (1526--1601) was the daughter of Colin Campbell, 3rd Earl of Argyll and his wife Lady Jean Gordon.	Agnes Campbell	Colin Campbell, 3rd Earl of Argyll
father	John Sherman was born in Lancaster, Ohio, May 10, 1823, to Charles Robert Sherman and his wife, Mary Hoyt Sherman, the eighth of their eleven children.	John Sherman	Charles Robert Sherman
father	Æthelswith (c. 838-888) was the only known daughter of King Æthelwulf of Wessex.	Æthelswith	Æthelwulf
father	David Wallechinsky was born David Wallace in Los Angeles to a Jewish family, the son of writer Sylvia Kahn and the author and screenwriter Irving Wallace.	David Wallechinsky	Irving Wallace
father	Mithridates I Callinicus (Greek: Μιθριδάτης ὀ Кαλλίνικος) was a king of Orontid Armenian descent who lived between 2nd century BC and 1st century BC. Mithridates was a prince, the son and successor of King of Commagene, Sames II Theosebes Dikaios.	Mithridates I Callinicus	Sames II Theosebes Dikaios
father	Born in New York City, Guy Wildenstein is the son of Daniel Wildenstein, an art dealer, race horse owner and breeder in France.	Guy Wildenstein	Daniel Wildenstein
father	Francesco da Sangallo (1494--1576) was an Italian High Renaissance sculptor, the son of the architect and sculptor Giuliano da Sangallo.	Francesco da Sangallo	Giuliano da Sangallo
father	Immaculately bred, Tompion was the son of the Hall of Fame horse Tom Fool.	Tompion	Tom Fool
father	A native of Stockholm, Jan Molander was the son of actor/director Gustaf Molander and Elsa Fahlberg and the half-brother of director and producer Harald Molander from his father's first marriage to actress Karin Molander.	Jan Molander	Gustaf Molander
father	Sebastián Marroquín (born Juan Pablo Escobar in 1977, Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian architect, author, and the son of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar.	Sebastián Marroquín	Pablo Escobar
father	John Churchill, Marquess of Blandford (13 February 1686 -- 20 February 1703) (sometimes called Charles Churchill) was the heir apparent to the Dukedom of Marlborough -- as the only surviving son of John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, an accomplished general, and Sarah Jennings, a close friend of Queen Anne.	John Churchill, Marquess of Blandford	John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough
father	In the books, Maedhros was the first son of Fëanor, the creator of the Silmarils that were essential to the plot and the history of Middle-earth.	Maedhros	Fëanor
father	Rapid Redux (foaled in Kentucky on February 24, 2006) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Pleasantly Perfect out of the mare Thiscatsforcaryl by Storm Cat.	Rapid Redux	Pleasantly Perfect
father	After his father Eriba-Adad I (1392-1366 BC) had broken Mitanni influence over Assyria, Ashur-uballit I's defeat of the Mitanni king Shuttarna II marks Assyria's ascendancy over the Hurri-Mitanni Empire, and the beginning of its emergence as a powerful empire.	Ashur-uballit I	Eriba-Adad I
father	Sir Hercules was by the great sire Whalebone, winner of the Epsom Derby, out of Peri (1822) by Wanderer.	Sir Hercules	Whalebone
father	Wild Again (foaled May 22, 1980 in Kentucky -- December 5, 2008) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Icecapade out of Bushel-N-Peck (by Khaled).	Wild Again	Icecapade
father	Antoine Gustave Droz (June 9, 1832 -- October 22, 1895), author, French man of letters and son of the sculptor Jules-Antoine Droz (1807--1872), was born in Paris.	Antoine Gustave Droz	Jules-Antoine Droz
father	Shreemant Chimaji Ballal Peshwa (aka Chimaji Appa) (Marathi: चिमाजी अप्पा) (1707--1740) was the son of Balaji Vishwanath Bhat and the younger brother of Bajirao Peshwa of Maratha Empire.	Chimaji Appa	Balaji Vishwanath
father	Peter, Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia (born 5 February 1980 in Chicago, Illinois, United States), also known as Petar III Karađorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар III Карађорђевић), is the eldest son of Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia and Princess Maria da Gloria of Orléans Bragança.	Peter, Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia	Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia
father	Lord Augustus FitzClarence (1 March 1805 -- 14 June 1854), was the youngest illegitimate son of William IV of the United Kingdom and his long-time mistress Dorothea Jordan.	Lord Augustus FitzClarence	William IV of the United Kingdom
father	Raymond Postgate was born in Cambridge, the eldest son of John Percival Postgate and Edith Allen, Postgate was educated at St John's College, Oxford where, despite being sent down for a period because of his pacifism, he gained a First in Honours Moderations in 1917.	Raymond Postgate	John Percival Postgate
father	Moon Ballad's sire was the very talented international winner Singspiel who won G-1 events in England, Canada, Japan, and the Dubai World Cup.	Moon Ballad	Singspiel
father	Robert Spencer, 4th Earl of Sunderland (24 October 1701 -- 15 September 1729) was a British peer from the Spencer family, the son of the Whig politician, Charles Spencer, 3rd Earl of Sunderland.	Robert Spencer, 4th Earl of Sunderland	Charles Spencer, 3rd Earl of Sunderland
father	Albert II of Gorizia (German: Albrecht II., Graf von Görz) was a son of Count Albert I of Gorizia and his wife, Euphemia of Silesia-Glogau.	Albert II of Gorizia	Albert I of Gorizia
father	Lady Anne Brandon, Baroness Grey of Powys (c. 1507 -- January 1558) was an English noblewoman, and the eldest daughter of Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk by his second wife, Anne Browne.	Anne Brandon, Baroness Grey of Powys	Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk
father	William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire, KG, PC (26 September 1698 -- 5 December 1755) was a British nobleman and Whig politician, the son of William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire and the Hon. Rachel Russell.	William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire	William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire
father	Vikramaditya II (reigned 733 -- 744 CE) was the son of King Vijayaditya and ascended the Badami Chalukya throne following the death of his father.	Vikramaditya II	Vijayaditya
father	William of Aumelas (or Omelas) was the second son of William V of Montpellier and of Ermessende, daughter of count Peter of Melgueil.	William of Aumelas	William V of Montpellier
father	Secrettame was a daughter of the great Triple Crown winner Secretariat.	Secrettame	Secretariat
father	Henry Harris Lines (1800/01-1889) was a landscape artist and archaeologist, and the eldest son of Birmingham artist and drawing master Samuel Lines (1778--1863).	Henry Harris Lines	Samuel Lines
father	John Lapus is son of showbiz columnist, the late Jojo Lapus (1943--2007).	John Lapus	Jojo Lapus
father	William Frederick, Prince of Wied (German: Wilhelm Friedrich Hermann Otto Karl Fürst von Wied; 27 June 1872 -- 18 June 1945) was a German nobleman, eldest child of William, Prince of Wied.	William Frederick, Prince of Wied	William, Prince of Wied
father	Henry of Austria, known as Henry the Friendly (15 May 1299-3 February 1327) was the son of King Albert I of Germany and Elisabeth of Gorizia-Tyrol.	Henry the Friendly	Albert I of Germany
father	Benjamin Gonson (c.1525--1577) was the son of William Gonson and was a surveyor for the English Royal Navy.	Benjamin Gonson	William Gonson
father	Jay Catherwood Hormel (September 11, 1892 -- August 30, 1954) was the son of George A. Hormel, founder of Hormel Foods, and was head of the company from 1929 to 1954.	Jay Catherwood Hormel	George A. Hormel
father	Elizabeth de Vere (died 14 or 16 August 1375) was the daughter of John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford and Maud de Badlesmere, and the wife of Sir Hugh Courtenay (died c. 1348), then John de Mowbray, 3rd Baron Mowbray, and then Sir William de Cossington.	Elizabeth de Vere	John de Vere, 7th Earl of Oxford
father	Rodoald (or Rodwald), (c. 637 -- 653) was a Lombard king of Italy, who succeeded his father Rothari on the throne in 652.	Rodoald	Rothari
father	Cao Xiong (birth and death dates unknown) was a son of Cao Cao, a warlord who rose to power towards the end of the Han dynasty and laid the foundation of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Cao Xiong	Cao Cao
father	Kalaglow was a grey horse, standing just over 16 hands high, sired by Kalamoun (winner of the Poule d'Essai des Poulains and the Prix Jacques le Marois) out of the mare Rossitor.	Kalaglow	Kalamoun
father	Elisabeth of Wrocław (Polish: Elżbieta wrocławska) (c. 1232 -- 16 January 1265), also known as Elisabeth of Poland, was a daughter of Henry II the Pious and his wife, Anna of Bohemia.	Elisabeth of Wrocław	Henry II the Pious
father	Yuan Tan (died 205), courtesy name Xiansi, was the eldest son of Yuan Shao, a warlord who occupied much of northern China in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Yuan Tan	Yuan Shao
father	Francis Bacon was born on 22 January 1561 at York House near the Strand in London, the son of Sir Nicholas Bacon by his second wife, Anne (Cooke) Bacon, the daughter of the noted humanist Anthony Cooke.	Francis Bacon	Nicholas Bacon
father	Elisabeth-Anne de Massy (Noghès) was born in Monaco on 13 January/13 July 1947 to Princess Antoinette of Monaco and her then lover Alexandre-Athenase Noghès.	Elisabeth-Anne de Massy	Alexandre-Athenase Noghès
father	Hunald (also known as Hunoald, Hunuald, Chunoald, Chunold, Hunold, or Hunaud), Duke of Aquitaine and Count of Toulouse (735--744 or 748), succeeded his father Odo the Great in 735.	Hunald	Odo the Great
father	Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan to Lorenzo Brentano and his wife Caroline, Theodore Brentano was educated in Chicago, Dresden and Zurich.	Theodore Brentano	Lorenzo Brentano
father	Leo Müller (from 1938 Miler; 1894--1941) was Croatian industrialist, entrepreneur, philanthropist and second son of well known Croatian industrialist Adolf Müller.	Leo Müller	Adolf Müller
father	Adèle of Dreux (1145 -- aft. 1210) was a member of Norman French nobility, daughter of Robert I, Count of Dreux and his second wife Hawise of Salisbury.	Adèle of Dreux	Robert I, Count of Dreux
father	She was one of two classic winners sired by Kris the leading British miler of 1979: the chestnut Oh So Sharp came from his first crop of foals.	Oh So Sharp	Kris
father	Sired by Dixieland Band, a son of Northern Dancer, Del Mar Dennis was out of the mare, Party Bonnet.	Del Mar Dennis	Dixieland Band
father	Prince Heinrich VIII Reuss of Köstritz (German: Heinrich VIII Prinz Reuß zu Köstritz; born 30 August 1944) is a son of Prince Heinrich I Reuss of Köstritz, and is a member of the House of Reuss.	Prince Heinrich VIII Reuss of Köstritz	Prince Heinrich I Reuss of Köstritz
father	Odd Nansen was the son of the scientist and explorer Fridtjof Nansen and was raised at Lysaker outside of Oslo.	Odd Nansen	Fridtjof Nansen
father	Gaston de Gerlache was the son of Adrien de Gerlache and followed in the tracks of his father by leading the second Belgian expedition to Antarctica in 1957-1958, 60 years after his father led the 1897-1899 Belgian Antarctic Expedition with the ship Belgica.	Gaston de Gerlache	Adrien de Gerlache
father	Sa'ad bin Osama bin Muhammad bin 'Awad bin Laden (Arabic: سعد بن أسامة بن محمد بن عوض بن لادن‎; 1979 -- July 2009), better known as Saad bin Laden, was one of Osama bin Laden's sons.	Saad bin Laden	Osama bin Laden
father	Barbara Berlusconi (born 30 July 1984) is one of the daughters of Silvio Berlusconi.	Barbara Berlusconi	Silvio Berlusconi
father	Agnes of Rochlitz (died 1195) came from the Wettin family and was daughter of Dedi III, Margrave of Lusatia and his wife, Matilda of Heinsburg.	Agnes of Rochlitz	Dedi III, Margrave of Lusatia
father	Anselperga was the eldest daughter of Desiderius, King of the Lombards, and Ansa.	Anselperga	Desiderius
father	Sir Whitmore Acton, 4th Baronet (c. 1677 - 17 January 1731/32) was the son of Sir Edward Acton, 3rd Baronet.	Whitmore Acton	Sir Edward Acton, 3rd Baronet
father	John Romita Jr. is the son of Virginia and comic-book artist John Romita Sr., one of the signature Spider-Man artists since the 1960s.	John Romita Jr.	John Romita Sr.
father	Royal Charger was a chestnut horse sired by the important stallion Nearco.	Royal Charger	Nearco
father	Roger I Trencavel (died 1150) was the eldest son of Bernard Ato IV, Viscount of Albi, Agde, Béziers, Carcassonne, Nîmes, and Razès.	Roger I Trencavel	Bernard Ato IV
father	Wahb ibn Umayr was the son of Umayr ibn Wahb.	Wahb ibn Umayr	Umayr ibn Wahb
father	Winkipop was sired by William the Third, a good racehorse and sire that was second to Volodyovski in the 1901 Derby and won the 1902 Ascot Gold Cup.	Winkipop	William the Third
father	Edward John Chalmers Morton (1856 -- 3 October 1902), known as E. J. C. Morton, was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Devonport from 1892 until his death.	E. J. C. Morton	John Chalmers Morton
father	Igor Yaroslavich was one of the younger sons of Yaroslav the Wise from the Rurikid dynasty of Kievan Rus''.	Igor Yaroslavich	Yaroslav the Wise
father	Double Trigger was bred in Ireland, a son of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Ela-Mana-Mou.	Double Trigger	Ela-Mana-Mou
father	Charlotta Arfwedson was the daughter of the merchant Carl Kristoffer Arfwedson and Katarina Charlotta von Langenberg.	Charlotta Arfwedson	Carl Kristoffer Arfwedson
father	George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury, 4th Earl of Waterford, KG, KB, PC (c. 1468 -- 26 July 1538) was the son of John Talbot, 3rd Earl of Shrewsbury, and Lady Catherine Stafford, daughter of the 1st Duke of Buckingham.	George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury	John Talbot, 3rd Earl of Shrewsbury
father	Ceredig ap Cunedda (died 453), king of Ceredigion, may have been born c. 420 in the Brythonic kingdom of Manaw Gododdin (modern Lothian in Scotland), centred on the Firth of Forth in the area known as Yr Hen Ogledd.	Ceredig	Cunedda
father	Paul Leo was the youngest son of the Classical Philologist Friedrich Leo (1851-1914) and Cécile Leo née Hensel (1858-1928).	Paul Leo	Friedrich Leo
father	Araros (Greek: Ἀραρὼς), son of Aristophanes, born in 387 BCE, was an Athenian comic poet of the Middle Comedy.	Araros	Aristophanes
father	Nicola Bulgari was born in Rome in 1941, the third son of Giorgio Bulgari (1890-1966).	Nicola Bulgari	Giorgio Bulgari
father	Juqu Anzhou succeeded Juqu Wuhui after Juqu Wuhui's death in 444, and he continued to use the title of Prince of Hexi, a title used by his brothers and previously by his father Juqu Mengxun (Prince Wuxuan).	Juqu Anzhou	Juqu Mengxun
father	Henry Willoughby, 6th Baron Middleton (24 April 1761 -- 19 June 1835) was an English nobleman, the only son of Henry Willoughby, 5th Baron Middleton.	Henry Willoughby, 6th Baron Middleton	Henry Willoughby, 5th Baron Middleton
father	Ravi Coltrane is the son of saxophonist John Coltrane and jazz pianist Alice Coltrane.	Ravi Coltrane	John Coltrane
father	Dieter Burdenski is the son of Herbert Burdenski (1922--2001), who was a German international himself.	Dieter Burdenski	Herbert Burdenski
father	Bred by Darby Dan Farm owner John W. Galbreath who owned his dam, Outward Sunshine, and his damsire, Graustark, Sunshine Forever was sired by Galbreath's 1972 Epsom Derby winner, Roberto.	Sunshine Forever	Roberto
father	John de Vere, 16th Earl of Oxford (1516 -- 3 August 1562) was born to John de Vere, 15th Earl of Oxford and Elizabeth Trussell, daughter of Edward Trussell.	John de Vere, 16th Earl of Oxford	John de Vere, 15th Earl of Oxford
father	Itzcoatl was an illegitimate son of tlàtoāni Acamapichtli and an unknown Tepanec princess.	Itzcoatl	Acamapichtli
father	Si Votha was a grandson of King Ang Eng (1772--1796) and a son of King Ang Duong.	Si Votha	Ang Duong
father	Serdar Denktaş (in English often spelled Serdar Denktash) is the one surviving son of Rauf Denktaş, the former President of the de facto Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.	Serdar Denktaş	Rauf Denktaş
founder	DigiPen Institute of Technology was founded in 1988 by Claude Comair in Vancouver, B.C., Canada as DigiPen Corporation, a computer simulation and animation company.	DigiPen Institute of Technology	Claude Comair
founder	BaseN was founded in 2001 by Pasi Hurri (President and CEO) together with of network professionals who have been developing Internet and IP technologies for the last two decades, both in industry and service provider world.	BaseN	Pasi Hurri
founder	Over the years their original music has been produced by Dream Rockwell, Rick Alick and Super Tall Pall of Helios Jive, Chris Komashko, KRADDY, Atla Gadret, Metaphase, Nikita Sorkin, David Block, Stephan Jacobs, Maggie Lally, all under the collective Lucent Dossier Experience.	Lucent Dossier Experience	Dream Rockwell
founder	The Global Country of World Peace (GCWP) was inaugurated by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, the founder of Transcendental Meditation, on October 7, 2000.	Global Country of World Peace	Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
founder	BritBangla was founded by Taryn Khanam and Shirin Hussain.	BritBangla	Taryn Khanam
founder	Ingenious Media is a UK media investment and advisory group founded in 1998 by Patrick McKenna who is its Chief Executive Officer.	Ingenious Media	Patrick McKenna
founder	During the summer of 1981, Walter Day, founder of Twin Galaxies incorporated, visited more than 100 video game arcades over four months, recording the high scores that he found on each game.	Twin Galaxies	Walter Day
founder	The Order of Friars Minor Conventual (OFMConv), is a branch of the order of Catholic Friars founded by Saint Francis of Assisi in 1209.	Order of Friars Minor Conventual	Francis of Assisi
founder	Students for the Exploration and Development of Space was founded in 1980 at MIT by Peter Diamandis, Princeton University by Scott Scharfman, and Yale University by Richard Sorkin, and consists of an international group of high school, undergraduate, and graduate students from a diverse range of educational backgrounds who are working to promote space.	Students for the Exploration and Development of Space	Peter Diamandis
founder	The French Academy of Sciences (French: Académie des sciences) is a learned society, founded in 1666 by Louis XIV at the suggestion of Jean-Baptiste Colbert, to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research.	French Academy of Sciences	Jean-Baptiste Colbert
founder	GroupLens Research, a research lab in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota, created MovieLens in 1997 to gather research data on personalized recommendations.	MovieLens	GroupLens Research
founder	MindSpring was founded on February 1, 1994, by Charles Brewer in Atlanta, Georgia.	MindSpring	Charles Brewer
founder	By branding himself as ``Colonel Sanders'', Harland became a prominent figure of American cultural history, and his image remains widely used in KFC advertising.	KFC	Colonel Sanders
founder	Passion Conferences is a Christian organization (also referred to as the 268 Generation, originally named Choice Ministries), founded by Louie Giglio in 1997, known for their annual gatherings of young adults between the ages of 18--25, more specifically college students.	Passion Conferences	Louie Giglio
founder	Meccano is a model construction system created in Liverpool, United Kingdom, by Frank Hornby.	Meccano	Frank Hornby
founder	Sher Shah Suri (1486 -- 22 May 1545)(Pashto: شېر شاه سوري‎) was the founder of the Sur Empire in North India, with its capital at Delhi.	Sher Shah Suri	Sur Empire
founder	It was founded by Berry Gordy, Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960, in Detroit, Michigan.	Motown	Berry Gordy
founder	Creative Playthings was an educational toy store and catalogue that was established by Frank and Theresa Caplan in 1945.	Creative Playthings	Theresa Caplan
founder	The Behemoth is a video game development company that was created in 2003 by John Baez, artist Dan Paladin (aka Synj), and programmers Tom Fulp (the creator of the popular Newgrounds Flash website), Brandon LaCava, and Nick Dryburgh.	The Behemoth	Dan Paladin	Tom Fulp
founder	The Institute for Humane Studies was founded in 1961 in Menlo Park, California by F. A. Harper in order to promote peace, prosperity, and social harmony by fostering a greater understanding of human affairs and freedom.	Institute for Humane Studies	F. A. Harper
founder	The Hogarth Press was a British publishing house founded in 1917 by Leonard Woolf and Virginia Woolf.	Hogarth Press	Virginia Woolf
founder	U2 Clothing was a casual-wear clothing brand founded by Michael Tien in 1980 in Hong Kong.	U2 Clothing	Michael Tien
founder	The founders of StopBadware.org were John Palfrey, then Executive Director of the Berkman Center, and Jonathan Zittrain, then at the Oxford Internet Institute.	StopBadware	John Palfrey
founder	Planet Moon Studios was a game development studio based in San Francisco, California founded by ex-Shiny Entertainment developers Nick Bruty (President) and Bob Stevenson (CEO) in 1997.	Planet Moon Studios	Nick Bruty
founder	In the 8 April 2010 parliamentary election in which the United People's Freedom Alliance alliance led by President Rajapaksa retained power, the Tamil National People's Front led by Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam won 0.09% of the popular vote and no seats in the Sri Lankan parliament.	Tamil National People's Front	Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam
founder	Cognifit was founded in 1999 by Professor Shlomo Breznitz.	Cognifit	Shlomo Breznitz
founder	Although liver disease is among the ten major causes of death in the United States, there was no national voluntary health agency devoted exclusively to combating liver diseases until 1976, when the American Liver Foundation was created by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD).	American Liver Foundation	American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases
founder	Coty, Inc., is an American beauty products manufacturer based in New York founded in Paris, France, by François Coty in 1904.	Coty, Inc.	François Coty
founder	North Sails was founded in 1957 by Lowell North, in San Diego, California.	North Sails	Lowell North
founder	Iron Lore Entertainment was a video game developer that was founded in October 2000 by Brian Sullivan and Paul Chieffo.	Iron Lore Entertainment	Brian Sullivan
founder	Skye Records was a music label formed in early 1968 by vibist Cal Tjader, guitarist Gábor Szabó, composer/musician Gary McFarland, and music executive Norman Schwartz.	Skye Records	Cal Tjader
founder	The Fungus Federation of Santa Cruz (FFSC) is a North American mycological club that evolved as a result of David Arora's mushroom classes and early Fungus Fairs in the Santa Cruz, California area in the 1970's.	Fungus Federation of Santa Cruz	David Arora
founder	Alfred Nobel, Alfred Nobel's Will The executors of his will were Ragnar Sohlman and Rudolf Lilljequist who formed the Nobel Foundation to take care of Nobel's fortune and organize the prizes.	Nobel Foundation	Ragnar Sohlman
founder	Turner Entertainment Company, Inc. (commonly known as Turner Entertainment Co.) is a media company founded by Ted Turner.	Turner Entertainment	Ted Turner
founder	During Dental school, Neilesh Patel said he spent many ``pizza nights'' -- subsisting on pizza and pulling all-nighters teaching himself how to program and build a Web site, which became the backbone of HealthCare Volunteer.	HealthCare Volunteer	Neilesh Patel
founder	The day was officially declared by the United Nations in November 2009, with the first UN Mandela Day held on 18 July 2010.	Mandela Day	United Nations
founder	Headquartered in San Francisco, California with offices in Amsterdam, Netherlands, Optimizely was founded in 2010 by Dan Siroker and Pete Koomen, both formerly of Google.	Optimizely	Dan Siroker	Pete Koomen
founder	L'Arpeggiata is a European early music group led by Christina Pluhar, and founded by her in 2000.	L'Arpeggiata	Christina Pluhar
founder	Bigfoot Entertainment was founded in 2002 by German entrepreneur Michael Gleissner to finance and develop feature films, documentaries, and reality TV shows.	Bigfoot Entertainment	Michael Gleissner
founder	Rising Son Records is an independent record label founded in 1983 by Arlo Guthrie.	Rising Son Records	Arlo Guthrie
founder	Virgin Megastores is an international entertainment retailing chain, originally founded by Sir Richard Branson as a record shop on London's Oxford Street in early 1976.	Virgin Megastores	Richard Branson
headquarters location	Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. is an American supermarket chain based in Jacksonville, Florida.	Winn-Dixie	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Incubated out of Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, Lucideus is now headquartered in New Delhi and continues to have its research and innovation lab located at the computer science department of IIT Bombay.	Lucideus	New Delhi
headquarters location	PFSweb's corporate headquarters were relocated to Allen, Texas in March 2012 with call center operations moved to downtown Dallas, Texas.	PFSweb	Allen
headquarters location	Established in Las Vegas in 1959, Nevada State Bank has 49 branches in 20 communities across the state, and employs more than 800 people.	Nevada State Bank	Las Vegas
headquarters location	Comau (COnsorzio MAcchine Utensili) is an Italian multinational company based in Turin, Italy and is part of the Fiat Group.	Comau	Turin
headquarters location	Kal Tire is a wholly owned Canadian company based in Vernon, British Columbia, where it was originally founded in 1953 by Thomas J. Foord OBC and Jim Lochhead.	Kal Tire	Vernon
headquarters location	Limtex is an Indian multinational company, headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India and a subsidiary of Limtex Group.	Limtex	Kolkata
headquarters location	Qualtrics is a private research software company, based in Provo, Utah.	Qualtrics	Provo
headquarters location	Catalyst Paper Corporation is a pulp and paper company based in the Canadian city of Richmond, British Columbia.	Catalyst Paper	Richmond
headquarters location	Jebel Ali Free Zone (Jafza; Arabic: المنطقة الحرّة لجبل علي al-Munṭaqa al-Ḥurra le Jabal ʿAlī) is a free economic zone located in the Jebel Ali area at the far western end of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, near Abu Dhabi.	Jebel Ali Free Zone	Dubai
headquarters location	International Energy Mining Industry Limited (simplified Chinese: 国际能源矿业公司; traditional Chinese: 國際能源礦業公司) (short form:IEM ) registered in Hong Kong in 2004.	International Energy Mining Industry Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Attachmate, founded in 1982 by Frank W. Pritt and Julia Pritt focused initially on the IBM terminal emulation market, and became a major technology employer in the Seattle area.	Attachmate	Seattle
headquarters location	Primrose Schools is a family of accredited, early childhood education providers headquartered in Acworth, Georgia.	Primrose Schools	Acworth, Georgia
headquarters location	The Federal Convention of Namibia (FCN) was a political party based in Rehoboth, Namibia.	Federal Convention of Namibia	Rehoboth
headquarters location	Bayliner facilities are located in Knoxville, Tennessee, Dandridge, Tennessee and Arlington, Washington, in the United States;and in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, in Mexico.	Bayliner	Arlington
headquarters location	The Federal Office of Administration (German: Bundesverwaltungsamt, BVA) is an agency of the Federal Ministry of the Interior, headquartered in Cologne.	Federal Office of Administration	Cologne
headquarters location	Florida Ice and Farm Company S.A. (abbreviated as FIFCO) is a Costa Rican food and beverages company headquartered in the province of Heredia, Costa Rica.	Florida Ice and Farm Company	Heredia
headquarters location	Superior Software was established in 1982 by Richard Hanson and John Dyson, two graduates of the University of Leeds, England.	Superior Software	Leeds
headquarters location	In 1999, it was demutualised and the company listed on the London, Johannesburg, Zimbabwe, Malawi and Namibian Stock Exchanges as Old Mutual.	Old Mutual	London
headquarters location	App Annie is a business intelligence company and analyst firm headquartered in San Francisco, California.	App Annie	San Francisco
headquarters location	Novarama Technology is a Spanish video game developer based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Novarama	Barcelona
headquarters location	Mr.Goodliving Ltd. was a Finnish video game developer and a video game publisher based in Helsinki, Finland.	Mr.Goodliving	Helsinki
headquarters location	Polski Cukier (actually: Krajowa Spółka Cukrowa Spółka Akcyjna, abbreviated to KSC Polski Cukier S.A., literally: Polish Sugar) - founded in August 2002 after the consortium with the headquarters in Toruń.	Polski Cukier	Toruń
headquarters location	Baristas Corporation is an American costume coffee company and coffeehouse chain based in Seattle, Washington.	Baristas	Seattle
headquarters location	Calumet Motorsports is an American aircraft parts manufacturer and former aircraft manufacturer based in Lansing, Illinois and founded by Tom Milton.	Calumet Motorsports	Lansing
headquarters location	Senvion maintain their global operating headquarters and administrative centre at Hamburg.	Senvion	Hamburg
headquarters location	Corma Inc. is a manufacturer of corrugated plastic pipe production systems headquartered near Toronto, Canada.	Corma Inc.	Toronto
headquarters location	Established in 1957 by Roberto Perlini, Perlini is based in San Bonifacio.	Perlini	San Bonifacio
headquarters location	BellSouth Telecommunications/AT&T Southeast regional headquarters are located in the AT&T Midtown Center building in Atlanta, Georgia.	BellSouth Telecommunications	AT&T Midtown Center
headquarters location	In 1998, Trico then moved their head office from Buffalo to Rochester Hills.	Trico	Buffalo
headquarters location	Eurofly was a privately owned airline based in Milan, Italy.	Eurofly	Milan
headquarters location	Synthes Holding AG (formerly Synthes-Stratec) is a multinational medical device manufacturer based in Solothurn, Switzerland and West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.	Synthes	West Chester
headquarters location	Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (formerly Ivanplats Limited) is a Canadian mineral exploration and development company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Ivanhoe Mines	Vancouver
headquarters location	Shoe Show, Inc. is an American footwear retailer based in Concord, North Carolina.	Shoe Show	Concord, North Carolina
headquarters location	Kelly & Birchall, a partnership between Edward Birchall (1839--6 March 1903) and John Kelly (1840--1904), was an architectural practice based in Leeds, England, from 1886 to 1904 and specialising in churches in the Italianate and Gothic Revival styles.	Kelly & Birchall	Leeds
headquarters location	Fan Death Records is an independent record label currently based out of Baltimore, Maryland, and Montreal, Quebec.	Fan Death Records	Baltimore
headquarters location	Bullyland AG is a manufacturing company founded in 1973 and based in Spraitbach, Germany, known worldwide as a manufacturer of hand-painted collectors' models and figurines.	Bullyland	Spraitbach
headquarters location	China Huiyuan Juice Group Limited (Chinese: 中国汇源果汁集团有限公司; pinyin: Zhōngguó Huìyuán Guǒzhī Jítuán Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) (SEHK: 1886), established in 1992 and headquartered in Beijing, is the largest privately owned juice producer in China.	Huiyuan Juice	Beijing
headquarters location	Briazz was a Seattle based sandwich restaurant chain founded in 1995.	Briazz	Seattle
headquarters location	The Interfax-Ukraine News Agency (Ukrainian: Інтерфакс-Україна) is a Kiev-based Ukrainian news agency founded in 1992, the company belongs to the Russian news group Interfax Information Services.	Interfax-Ukraine	Kiev
headquarters location	Dongfeng Yulon Motor Co., Ltd. (Dongfeng Yulon) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Hangzhou, China and a 50:50 joint venture between the Chinese automaker Dongfeng Motor and the Taiwanese automaker Yulon Motor.	Dongfeng Yulon	Hangzhou
headquarters location	GERB is headed by Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov, former mayor of Sofia and former member of the National Movement Simeon II. The establishment of the party followed the creation of a non-profit organization with the acronym (in Bulgarian) GERB --	GERB	Sofia
headquarters location	StrataCom was founded in Cupertino, California, USA, in January 1986, by 26 former employees of the failing Packet Technologies, Inc. StrataCom produced the first commercial cell switch, also known as a fast-packet switch.	StrataCom	Cupertino
headquarters location	HomeSense is a chain of off-price home furnishing stores operated by TJX Companies with stores in Canada and Europe.	HomeSense	Canada
headquarters location	Hollinger Inc. was a Canadian media company based in Toronto started by Conrad Black.	Hollinger Inc.	Toronto
headquarters location	Tokio Millennium Re Ltd. (abbreviated as TMR) is a reinsurance company headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda with branches in Zurich, Switzerland and Sydney, Australia.	Tokio Millennium Re Ltd.	Hamilton
headquarters location	ARVA Energetika is a Russian energy corporation headquartered in London, England.	ARVA Energetika	London
headquarters location	Advocacy for Respect for Cyclists (ARC) is a Toronto advocacy group formed in 1996.	Advocacy for Respect for Cyclists	Toronto
headquarters location	Clustrix, Inc. is a San Francisco-based company that develops a NewSQL Database.	Clustrix	San Francisco
headquarters location	Headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, XTRA Lease is the largest over-the-road trailer rental and leasing company in the United States.	XTRA Lease	St. Louis
headquarters location	Capstone Software was a subsidiary of IntraCorp, a Miami-based computer and video game company.	Capstone Software	Miami
headquarters location	Cranford Historical Preservation Advisory Board was established on December 28, 1993 by the Township of Cranford, New Jersey, USA to identify and preserve buildings of historic significance.	Cranford Historical Preservation Advisory Board	Cranford, New Jersey
headquarters location	Hexaware Technologies Limited (HTL) (BSE: 532129, NSE: HEXT) is an information technology and business process outsourcing service provider company based in Navi Mumbai, India.	Hexaware Technologies	Navi Mumbai
headquarters location	Zag Bank (formerly Bank West) is a chartered bank that was founded in High River, Alberta in 2002.	Zag Bank	High River
headquarters location	Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc. was a Washington, D.C.-based national retail conglomerate that existed from 1967 to 1981.	Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc.	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Pixel Qi Corporation (pronounced Pixel ``Chi'') was an American company involved in the research of low-power computer display technology, based in San Bruno, California.	Pixel Qi	San Bruno
headquarters location	Chandrani Pearls's headquarters is at Kolkata in West Bengal.	Chandrani Pearls	Kolkata
headquarters location	Bussen Trafikkselskap was a Norwegian bus company that operated the yellow city bus in Kristiansand and surrounding areas Vennesla, Søgne and Songdalen.	Bussen Trafikkselskap	Kristiansand
headquarters location	Burmeister & Wain was a large established Danish shipyard and leading diesel engine producer headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Burmeister & Wain	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Before Snapplify were two years into business they had won a start-up Entrepreneurial competition known as Launch Cape Town, a global start-up competition.	Snapplify	Cape Town
headquarters location	Information Control Company (formerly Information Control Corporation) headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, United States, is the largest Ohio-owned IT consulting company.	Information Control Corporation	Columbus
headquarters location	Penmans is a Toronto, Canada-based clothing manufacturer.	Penmans	Toronto
headquarters location	Kleinhans, formally The Kleinhans Company, was a high-end men's clothing store located in Buffalo, New York.	Kleinhans	Buffalo
headquarters location	New Heritage Theatre Group (NHTG) is the oldest black nonprofit theater company in New York City, established in 1964.	New Heritage Theatre Group	New York City
headquarters location	Arri was founded in Munich, Germany as Arnold & Richter Cine Technik in 1917, named after founders August Arnold and Robert Richter.	Arri	Munich
headquarters location	Packaging Corporation of America (NYSE: PKG) is an American manufacturing company based in Lake Forest, Illinois.	Packaging Corporation of America	Lake Forest
headquarters location	Tangerine Confectionery is a British confectionery company with its headquarters in Blackpool, Lancashire.	Tangerine Confectionery	Blackpool
headquarters location	The Autopoint Company was a manufacturer of pencils and desk top accessories in Chicago for about 50 years from the 1920s to around 1970.	Autopoint Company	Chicago
headquarters location	The Vollrath Company is an American company based in Sheboygan, Wisconsin that manufactures stainless steel and aluminum small-wares and equipment, and deep draw stainless steel.	The Vollrath Company	Sheboygan
headquarters location	Arkell's Brewery was established in Swindon, England in 1843, and has been owned by members of the Arkell family since its establishment.	Arkell's Brewery	Swindon
headquarters location	Niscayah was a security-systems company based in Stockholm, Sweden, active in 17 countries and first listed at Nasdaq OMX Stockholm, Mid Cap, when it was distributed to the shareholders of Securitas AB in 2006, under the name of Securitas Systems.	Niscayah	Stockholm
headquarters location	Propellerhead Software is a music software company, based in Stockholm, Sweden, and founded in 1994.	Propellerhead Software	Stockholm
headquarters location	Early Winters, Ltd. of Seattle, Washington, USA was founded in 1972 by William S. Nicolai, who formed the company after creating a tent called the Omnipotent.	Early Winters	Seattle
headquarters location	British Waterways operated from headquarters in Watford, with additional administrative offices in Leeds and thirteen regional waterway offices.	British Waterways	Watford
headquarters location	Think Mutual Bank is an American mutual bank based out of Rochester, Minnesota.	Think Mutual Bank	Rochester
headquarters location	Italia Marittima S.p.A., from 1919 until 2006 called Lloyd Triestino, originally founded as Österreichischer Lloyd, is a shipping company with its head office in Trieste, Italy, and run by Evergreen Marine Corporation.	Italia Marittima	Trieste
headquarters location	Wiggle Ltd is an online retailer of cycle, run, swim and triathlon products, based in Portsmouth, Great Britain.	Wiggle Ltd	Portsmouth
headquarters location	Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. (``Liberty Safe'') is a residential and commercial safe manufacturer located in Payson, Utah, USA.	Liberty Safe	Payson
headquarters location	Hallmark Business Expressions is a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards, headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri.	Hallmark Business Expressions	Kansas City
headquarters location	Ball Stores was a Muncie, Indiana based department store chain founded in November 1934.	Ball Stores	Muncie
headquarters location	Stemco (from ``Specialized Truck Equipment Manufacturing Company'') is a Longview, TX, based company that manufactures and distributes products for the global commercial vehicle market.	Stemco	Longview
headquarters location	Shaw Wallace & Company Limited, abbreviated to SWC, was an Indian liquor manufacturer headquartered in the Wallace House in Kolkata, West Bengal.	Shaw Wallace	Kolkata
headquarters location	Chester Barrie is a semi-bespoke gentleman's tailor located at No19 Savile Row, London.	Chester Barrie	Savile Row
headquarters location	The Builders of the Adytum (B.O.T.A.) is a school of the Western mystery tradition based in Los Angeles which is registered as a non-profit tax-exempt religious organization.	Builders of the Adytum	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Coalition of Socialist Forces (CSF) (Arabic: تحالف القوى الاشتراكية) is a coalition of five socialist and left-wing groups in Egypt formed on 10 May 2011.	Coalition of Socialist Forces	Egypt
headquarters location	Crittall Windows Ltd is a notable English manufacturer of steel-framed windows, today based in Witham, Essex, close to its historic roots in the county.	Crittall Windows	Witham
headquarters location	Brodosplit is the Croatian largest shipyard, located in the Supaval bay, on the north side of the Split peninsula.	Brodosplit	Split
headquarters location	Otto's Pub & Brewery is a brewpub in State College, Pennsylvania, USA.	Otto's Pub & Brewery	State College
headquarters location	In 2011, Sefaira won the Green Building Innovation of the Year award at London's Ecobuild.	Sefaira	London
headquarters location	FaceRecog Asia is a data analytics company headquartered in Singapore.	FaceRecog	Singapore
headquarters location	Bloodshot Records is an independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois that specializes in roots-infused indie rock, punk rock, and alternative country.	Bloodshot Records	Chicago
headquarters location	Quadrangle Development Corporation is a privately held, vertically integrated real estate development company based in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Quadrangle Development Corporation	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Headquartered in Imperial Beach, California, in 2007 Wildcoast established a Mexican division, Costasalvaje A.C. in Tijuana to manage its conservation programs in Latin America.	Wildcoast	Imperial Beach
headquarters location	Kingfisher plc is a British multinational retailing company headquartered in London.	Kingfisher plc	London
headquarters location	With headquarters in Oslo, Norway, STX Europe operated 15 shipyards in Brazil, Finland, France, Norway, Romania and Vietnam.	STX Europe	Oslo
headquarters location	The Usedomer Bäderbahn (UBB) with its head office in Heringsdorf, northeastern Germany, is a 100 percent-owned subsidiary of the German national railway, Deutsche Bahn and the owner and operator of the railway network on the island of Usedom as well as the Züssow--	Usedomer Bäderbahn	Heringsdorf
headquarters location	The Santax was a French automobile manufactured by Cyclecars Le Santax of Paris from 1920 until 1927.	Santax	Paris
headquarters location	Red Redemption was a serious game developer based in Oxford, UK.	Red Redemption	Oxford
headquarters location	Michigan State University Federal Credit Union or MSUFCU, headquartered in East Lansing, Michigan, is the largest university-based credit union in the world in membership and asset size.	Michigan State University Federal Credit Union	East Lansing
headquarters location	The roots of Applied Biosystems trace back to GeneCo (Genetic Systems Company), a pioneer biotechnology company founded in 1981 in Foster City, California.	Applied Biosystems	California
headquarters location	In April 2000 Freight Australia began hauling export grain from southern New South Wales to Melbourne and Port Kembla.	Freight Australia	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Movement for Justice and Development in Syria (Arabic: حركة العدالة والبناء في سورية‎ Ḥarakat Al-'Idalat Wal-Bana'a fi Suriyah) is a political party and movement founded in the year 2006 and based in London, United Kingdom.	Movement for Justice and Development in Syria	London
headquarters location	WePay was founded by Rich Aberman and Bill Clerico in 2008 in Boston, Massachusetts, and is now based in Redwood City, California.	WePay	Redwood City
headquarters location	Genomatica is a San Diego-based biotechnology company that develops and licenses bio-based manufacturing processes for the production of intermediate and basic chemicals.	Genomatica	San Diego
headquarters location	WildWorks (formerly Smart Bomb Interactive) is a game development studio based in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	WildWorks	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	BN Bank ASA, formerly known as Bolig- og Næringsbanken, is a Norwegian commercial bank based in Trondheim with a branch office in Oslo.	Bolig- og Næringsbanken	Trondheim
headquarters location	Marketing for Salomon Snowboards is based in Portland, Oregon, near Mt.	Salomon Snowboards	Portland
headquarters location	Abba Seafood AB, formerly Abba AB, with head offices in Gothenburg, Sweden is a company producing preserved fish products.	Abba Seafood	Gothenburg
headquarters location	The company was recapitalized as an independent company, MD Helicopters, Inc. MD Helicopters is based in Mesa, Arizona.	MD Helicopters	Mesa
headquarters location	Fortune Features, Inc. is a Los Angeles-based motion picture company, specialized in worldwide distribution, production and film financing.	Fortune Features	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Headquartered in the Dubai International Financial Centre, Fajr Capital has a diverse portfolio consisting of businesses operating in over 10 key MENA and ASEAN markets, including:	Fajr Capital	Dubai International Financial Centre
headquarters location	Sculptured Software Inc. was a former video game developer in the Salt Lake City, Utah metropolitan area.	Sculptured Software	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Storm Impact was a Macintosh software developer and publisher located in Glenview, Illinois, active from 1989 to 1997.	Storm Impact	Glenview
headquarters location	Muller Martini Print Finishing Systems AG, Zofingen (Switzerland) Muller Martini Electronic AG, Zofingen (Switzerland) Muller Martini Maschinen & Anlagen AG, Hasle and Stans (Switzerland) Muller Martini Book Technology GmbH, Bad Mergentheim (Germany)	Muller Martini	Zofingen
headquarters location	Racelogic Ltd is an automotive technology company based in Buckingham, United Kingdom.	Racelogic	Buckingham
headquarters location	Bosch Solar Energy AG was a German solar wafer and solar cell manufacturer, based in Erfurt, which specialized in crystalline silicon-based photovoltaic (PV) products, as well as thin-film modules using amorphous silicon and CIGS absorber materials.	Bosch Solar Energy	Erfurt
headquarters location	Pharmstandard is the leading Russian pharmaceutical company, it is headquartered in Dolgoprudny.	Pharmstandard	Dolgoprudny
headquarters location	Ford Romania is an automobile manufacturing company operated by Ford of Europe, located in Craiova, Romania.	Ford Romania	Craiova
headquarters location	Spectrum Aeronautical is a business jet developer based in Carlsbad, California with its development center located in Spanish Fork, Utah.	Spectrum Aeronautical	Carlsbad
headquarters location	Founded in Seattle in 1947, by Wendell Milliman and Stuart A. Robertson, the firm operates 59 offices worldwide with over 3,000 employees, including more than 1,300 consultants and actuaries.	Milliman	Seattle
headquarters location	Mair Foods owns its own agricultural farms based in Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab.	Mair Foods	Mandi Bahauddin
headquarters location	Cicis (formerly titled CiCi's Pizza) is an American buffet restaurant chain based in Coppell, Texas, specializing in pizza.	Cicis	Coppell
headquarters location	Neato Robotics is a robotics company located in Newark, California.	Neato Robotics	Newark
headquarters location	Intelligent Medical Imaging, also known as IMI or 'IMII' on Nasdaq, was based in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.	Intelligent Medical Imaging	Palm Beach Gardens
headquarters location	Good Energy is a British energy company based in Chippenham, Wiltshire that generates renewable electricity.	Good Energy	Chippenham
headquarters location	Gaspard Robert (1722-1799) was the founder of a factory that made faience, a type of pottery, in Marseille, France between 1750 and 1793.	Gaspard Robert	Marseille
headquarters location	Kayser-Roth Corporation (a subsidiary of Golden Lady) is an intimate apparel and hosiery manufacturer based in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Kayser-Roth	Greensboro
headquarters location	Schlitterbahn is a family-owned and operated company based in New Braunfels, Texas.	Schlitterbahn	New Braunfels
headquarters location	Hoffman Construction Company is a privately held construction firm based in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hoffman Construction Company	Portland
headquarters location	OshKosh B'Gosh is an American children's apparel company founded in Oshkosh, Wisconsin in 1895.	OshKosh B'Gosh	Oshkosh
headquarters location	The Daniel Kern Manufacture d'Orgues (formerly Alfred Kern & Fils) is an organ builder based in Strasbourg, France.	Daniel Kern Manufacture d'Orgues	Strasbourg
headquarters location	Express Metrix is based in Seattle, Washington, and its software has been deployed on more than two million desktop computers worldwide.	Express Metrix	Seattle
headquarters location	Proximo Spirits, Inc., is an American spirits importer and international distributor based in Jersey City, New Jersey.	Proximo Spirits	Jersey City
headquarters location	In 1992 Schmidt & Bender Hungaria Optik GmbH in Budapest, Hungary was founded as an independent company by Schmidt & Bender GmbH & Co. KG, Biebertal, Germany.	Schmidt & Bender	Biebertal
headquarters location	Bilfinger Deutsche Babcock Middle East is an engineering company in the Persian Gulf that is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, where it is among the leading companies in its sector.	Bilfinger Deutsche Babcock Middle East	Dubai
headquarters location	When Tiger was an independent company, Tiger Electronics Inc., its headquarters were in Vernon Hills, Illinois.	Tiger Electronics	Vernon Hills
headquarters location	Pilot PMR is an award-winning creative agency based in the St. Lawrence neighbourhood in downtown Toronto, Canada, near the city's historic Distillery District.	Pilot PMR	Toronto
headquarters location	Liberty Aerospace is a Bahrainian-owned manufacturer of general aviation aircraft based in Melbourne, Florida, United States.	Liberty Aerospace	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Company (traditional Chinese: 金門餅食公司; simplified Chinese: 金门饼食公司; pinyin: Ménjīn sīgōngshíbǐng; Jyutping: Mun4gam1 Si1gung1sik6beng2) is a fortune cookie company located along Jackson Street in the Chinatown neighborhood of San Francisco, California in the United States.	Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Company	San Francisco
headquarters location	Brouwerij De Molen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌbrʌwəˈrɛi̯ də ˈmoːlə(n))) is a small brewery, distillery and restaurant in Bodegraven, the Netherlands.	Brouwerij De Molen	Bodegraven
headquarters location	Trevelino/Keller Communications Group is a public relations firm based in Atlanta with offices in Charleston and Washington DC. The firm has four practices:	Trevelino/Keller	Atlanta
headquarters location	Based in Shouguang, Shandong, China, Chenming Paper is ranked among the top 50 paper producers worldwide by PWC.	Chenming Paper	Shouguang
headquarters location	Sørlandsparken is an industry park in Kristiansand, Norway, it covers over 670,000 meters and has over 5,000 work positions.	Sørlandsparken	Kristiansand
headquarters location	DNA Studio (standing for Dedicated Net Access) is a Los Angeles-based Web marketing advertising agency founded in 1994 by John Moshay, Chris Gibbin and Josh Mutchnick (brother of Max Mutchnick).	DNA Studio	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Arkansas Business Publishing Group is a magazine and newspaper publisher based in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.	Arkansas Business Publishing Group	Little Rock
headquarters location	OutSystems is a global enterprise software company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States.	OutSystems	Atlanta
headquarters location	Laughlin Constable is an American marketing communications agency with offices in Chicago, Milwaukee, New Jersey, and New York City.	Laughlin Constable	Chicago
headquarters location	RetailMeNot, Inc. (formerly Whaleshark Media) is an American multinational company headquartered in Austin, that maintains a collection of coupon web sites.	RetailMeNot	Austin
headquarters location	Joining forces with young Syrian Turkmens living in Turkey, they launched another formation, the Syrian Democratic Turkmen Movement.	Syrian Democratic Turkmen Movement	Turkey
headquarters location	The American Academy of Art is an art school located in downtown Chicago, Illinois.	American Academy of Art	Chicago
headquarters location	Based in Boston, Janji sells apparel with designs representing Haiti, Rwanda, Peru, Tanzania, the U.S. and Kenya, the countries in which Janji has ongoing efforts.	Janji	Boston
headquarters location	Festival Cruises (known as First European Cruises in North America) was a Greece-based cruise line that operated between 1994 and 2004.	Festival Cruises	Greece
headquarters location	The Somali Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SCCI) is a trade organization headquartered in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Somali Chamber of Commerce and Industry	Mogadishu
headquarters location	Founded in 1913, and headquartered in Seattle, Washington, Moss Adams has offices in Washington, Oregon, California, Arizona, New Mexico, Kansas, and Texas.	Moss Adams	Seattle
headquarters location	The Rendezvous Society is an educational charity founded in Cheltenham, England in 1985.	The Rendezvous Society	Cheltenham
headquarters location	J. L. van den Heuvel Orgelbouw is a firm of pipe organ builders, based in Dordrecht, Netherlands.	J. L. van den Heuvel Orgelbouw	Dordrecht
headquarters location	SouthWest Energy Ltd is an Ethiopian oil and gas exploration and production company located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.	SouthWest Energy	Ethiopia
headquarters location	Twig Com Ltd. (formerly Benefon) is a mobile telecommunications company founded in 2011 and headquartered in Salo, Finland.	Twig Com	Salo
headquarters location	Monkey Business Institute is a professional improvisational theater company in Madison, Wis. The group includes ComedySportz veterans, cast members of Blame Society Productions (creators of Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager and other YouTube series), as well as local stand-up comedians and musicians.	Monkey Business Institute	Madison
headquarters location	Based out of Mexico City, Mexico, Proteak has satellite offices in Wimberley, Texas and Tepic, Mexico.	Proteak	Mexico City
headquarters location	Southern Company Services, Inc., headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is the shared services division of Southern Company.	Southern Company Services	Birmingham
headquarters location	Egon Brütsch Fahrzeugbau, usually shortened to Brütsch, was a German automotive design and automaker based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg.	Brütsch	Stuttgart
headquarters location	Kaneva, LLC is a privately owned Atlanta-based company founded in 2004 by Christopher Klaus and Greg Frame.	Kaneva	Atlanta
headquarters location	MediaBrix is a mobile focused digital advertising company based in New York.	MediaBrix	New York
headquarters location	Oberoi Realty is a real estate developer based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Oberoi Realty	Mumbai
headquarters location	In November of 2011, Marriott Vacation Club was spun off from Marriott International and became a publicly traded company (NYSE: VAC) under the new parent company Marriott Vacations Worldwide, based in Orlando, Florida.	Marriott Vacation Club	Orlando
headquarters location	Atari, SA (ASA) is an international French holding company headquartered in Paris, France.	Atari, SA	Paris
headquarters location	Etude House Seoul was launched in 2005.	Etude House	Seoul
headquarters location	Jorgensen Engineering is a global processing equipment-supplier with headquarters in Odense, Denmark.	Jorgensen Engineering	Odense
headquarters location	Independent Community and Health Concern, previously Independent Kidderminster Hospital and Health Concern (often known by the shorter name Health Concern and abbreviated as ICHC) is a political party based in Kidderminster, United Kingdom.	Independent Community and Health Concern	Kidderminster
headquarters location	Rainbow Collective is a British documentary film production company based in London England, which specialises in creating documentaries that highlight and deal with human and children's rights issues.	Rainbow Collective	London
headquarters location	Air Venture Tours is a private charter airline based in Guatemala La Aurora International Airport.	Air Venture Tours	Guatemala
headquarters location	CatalunyaCaixa (Catalan pronunciation: (kətəˌɫuɲəˈkaʃə)) is the trading name of Caixa d'Estalvis de Catalunya, Tarragona i Manresa, a Catalan savings bank with headquarters in Barcelona.	CatalunyaCaixa	Barcelona
headquarters location	Circus Krone, based in Munich, is one of the largest circus in Europe and one of the few in Western Europe to also occupy a building (Cirque d'hiver de Paris, Cirque d'hiver d'Amiens and Cirque Royal in Brussels, are some other examples of European circus occupying a building).	Circus Krone	Munich
headquarters location	Peab is a construction and civil engineering company headquartered in Förslöv, Scania, listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm.	Peab	Förslöv
headquarters location	Trotec is headquartered in Marchtrenk, Austria, with subsidiaries around the world in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Germany, France, Netherlands, Poland, China, Japan, Russia, Australia and South Africa.	Trotec	Marchtrenk
headquarters location	rdGizmo For You LTD is in Larnaca, Cyprus.	Gizmo For You	Larnaca
headquarters location	Hint Water is a $30 million beverage company started and based in San Francisco, California as an alternative to soda and sugar beverages.	Hint Water	San Francisco
headquarters location	A/S Bynesruten was a bus company that operated in Trondheim, Norway.	Bynesruten	Trondheim
headquarters location	Goods of Desire (Chinese: 住好啲; Cantonese Yale: jyu hou di) commonly known as G.O.D., is a lifestyle design and retail brand company based in Hong Kong.	Goods of Desire	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Empresas 1BC (also known as Grupo Phelps, Centro Corporativo 1BC, and Grupo 1BC), is a privately owned Venezuelan corporation which operates diverse media enterprises such as Radio Caracas Televisión, Etheron, Radio Caracas Radio, 92.9 tu FM, Sonográfica, FonoVideo, Recordland, and Radionet, to name a few.	Empresas 1BC	Caracas
headquarters location	Acapulco Gold is a clothing brand founded in New York City in 2006.	Acapulco Gold	New York City
headquarters location	Jetsgo Corporation was a Canadian low-cost carrier based in the Saint-Laurent area of Montreal.	Jetsgo	Montreal
headquarters location	Intertek Group plc is a multinational inspection, product testing and certification company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Intertek	London
headquarters location	Optical Cable Corporation, headquartered in Roanoke, Virginia, manufactures fiber optical cable.	Optical Cable Corporation	Roanoke
headquarters location	LTX is a semiconductor Automatic Test Equipment (ATE) vendor, founded in 1976 and headquartered in Norwood, MA (Greater Boston area).	LTX	Norwood
headquarters location	The Royal Mail Steam Packet Company was a British shipping company founded in London in 1839 by a Scot, James MacQueen.	Royal Mail Steam Packet Company	London
headquarters location	The Bombay Company was founded in 1978 by Brad Harper in New Orleans as a mail-order company.	Bombay Company	New Orleans
headquarters location	Champagne Lanson is a Champagne house located in Reims.	Champagne Lanson	Reims
headquarters location	Automobiles Delaunay-Belleville was a French luxury automobile manufacturer at Saint-Denis, France, north of Paris.	Delaunay-Belleville	Saint-Denis
headquarters location	Based in Trussville, Alabama, Amerex makes hand portable and wheeled fire extinguishers for commercial and industrial environments, as well as fire and explosion suppression vehicle systems for defense applications.	Amerex	Trussville
headquarters location	United Utilities' headquarters are in Warrington and the company has 5,300 direct employees.	United Utilities	Warrington
headquarters location	NebuAd was an American online advertising company based in Redwood City, California, with offices in New York and London and was funded by the investment companies Sierra Ventures and Menlo Ventures.	NebuAd	California
headquarters location	SDEWES Centre (The International Centre for Sustainable Development of Energy, Water and Environment Systems), is a non-governmental scientific organization based at the University of Zagreb, Croatia.	SDEWES Centre	Zagreb
headquarters location	Otto's Sausage Kitchen, formerly Otto's Meat Market, is a sausage restaurant and meat market located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Otto's Sausage Kitchen	Portland
headquarters location	Makedonski Telekom AD (English: Macedonian Telecom, Macedonian: Македонски Телеком АД) is a telecommunications company in the Republic of Macedonia with headquarters in Skopje.	Makedonski Telekom	Skopje
headquarters location	Themodmin is an international architecture and design firm founded by Mohammed Majdi Hamada, with its main office situated in Tripoli, Libya.	Themodmin	Tripoli
headquarters location	Riverside Health System is a non-profit healthcare organization based in Newport News, Virginia.	Riverside Health System	Newport News
headquarters location	Standing Point Films (also known recently as ``Standing Point Productions'') is an independent visual and audio media production house based in Chicago and specializing in documentary and socially critical media projects.	Standing Point Films	Chicago
headquarters location	The Krasnodar mechanical plant of non-standard equipment (Russian: Краснодарский механический завод нестандартного оборудования), commonly known as AvtoKuban (Russian: АвтоКубань), was a Soviet/Russian company that manufactured buses based on truck chassis.	AvtoKuban	Krasnodar
headquarters location	Elegant Resorts is a luxury travel retailer based in Chester, UK.	Elegant Resorts	Chester
headquarters location	Tushek&Spigel Supercars GmbH is an Austrian manufacturer of supercars, based in Graz, in the former militarily airport, which consist of a private race track for testing.	Tushek&Spigel Supercars	Graz
headquarters location	Earl Abel's is a popular restaurant in San Antonio, Texas that opened in 1933 and existed at one location at Broadway and Hildebrand from 1940 until 2006.	Earl Abel's	San Antonio
headquarters location	Cologne-based QSC AG is a nationwide telecommunications provider in Germany with its own DSL network.	QSC AG	Cologne
headquarters location	Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (FBHS) is an American manufacturer of home fixtures and hardware, headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois.	Fortune Brands Home & Security	Deerfield
headquarters location	The Swedish East India Company (Swedish: Svenska Ostindiska Companiet or SOIC) was founded in Gothenburg, Sweden, in 1731 for the purpose of conducting trade with the Far East.	Swedish East India Company	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Louisiana Music Factory is an independent record and cd store located in the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Louisiana Music Factory	New Orleans
headquarters location	Gallery Int Fashion Fair is a trade fair held twice a year during Copenhagen Fashion Week in August and February.	Gallery Int Fashion Fair	Copenhagen
headquarters location	ColosseoEAS is an international company based in Bratislava, Slovakia that specializes in LED design, multimedia and statistics solutions for sport venues.	ColosseoEAS	Bratislava
headquarters location	Leitner-Poma of America is a North American aerial lift manufacturer based in Grand Junction, Colorado.	Leitner-Poma	Grand Junction
headquarters location	Entertainment One Films, formerly Fox Lorber Films and Koch-Lorber Films, launched in February 2003, is an independent film distributor and DVD label based in New York.	Entertainment One Films	New York
headquarters location	Expedition Engineering is a London-based consulting firm, delivering structural engineering services.	Expedition Engineering	London
headquarters location	Grupo Nutresa, formerly Grupo Nacional de Chocolates S.A. is a food processing conglomerate headquartered in Medellín, Colombia.	Grupo Nutresa	Medellín
headquarters location	Nordmøre Energiverk is a power company based in the town of Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nordmøre Energiverk	Kristiansund
headquarters location	The Global Fleet Group is a business conglomerate, that is headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria, with interests across a range of sectors in Africa.	Global Fleet Group	Lagos
headquarters location	Ardene, also known as Ardène in some locations, is a Canadian clothing and accessories retailer based in Montreal, Quebec.	Ardene	Montreal
headquarters location	Just two years later, by 1956, Henry's Hamburgers had thirty-five locations in the Chicago area.	Henry's Hamburgers	Chicago
headquarters location	Archives & Museum Informatics is a company based in Toronto, Canada (and previously Pittsburgh, USA), that organizes conferences, and undertakes consulting, publishing and training in the field of cultural heritage, especially for museums.	Archives & Museum Informatics	Toronto
headquarters location	Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho (or SJK Seinäjoki or SJK) is a Finnish football club from the city of Seinäjoki.	Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho	Seinäjoki
headquarters location	The Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs is a New York City-based a 501(c)3 public charity serving international affairs professionals, teachers and students, and the attentive public.	Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs	New York City
headquarters location	Super RTL is a Cologne-based German television network operated by RTL Disney Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG. It was the first German television channel aimed mostly at children.	Super RTL	Cologne
headquarters location	PNE Wind AG (formerly Plambeck Neue Energie AG) is a German company based in Cuxhaven.	PNE Wind	Cuxhaven
headquarters location	Kink.com is a San Francisco-based bondage internet pornography company that runs a group of websites devoted to BDSM and related fetishes.	Kink.com	San Francisco
headquarters location	University of the Littoral Opal Coast (Université du Littoral Côte d'Opale), also known as ULCO, is a French university, based in Boulogne, Calais, Dunkirk (Dunkerque) and Saint Omer.	University of the Littoral Opal Coast	Dunkirk
headquarters location	Scottish Aviation Limited was a Scottish aircraft manufacturer, based at Prestwick in South Ayrshire.	Scottish Aviation	Prestwick
headquarters location	Accident Fund Insurance Company of America is an American workers' compensation insurance company headquartered in Lansing, Michigan.	Accident Fund	Lansing
headquarters location	The Hanchen Group was founded in Amsterdam, Netherlands in 1998, as an enterprise engaged in tobacco and related industries.	Hanchen Group	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Engine Yard is a San Francisco, California based, privately held platform as a service company focused on Ruby on Rails, PHP and Node.js deployment and management.	Engine Yard	San Francisco
headquarters location	The May Company Ohio is a defunct chain of department stores that was based in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	May Company Ohio	Cleveland
headquarters location	Mohawk Industries (NYSE: MHK) is an American flooring manufacturer based in Calhoun, Georgia, USA.	Mohawk Industries	Calhoun
headquarters location	The Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership at the University of Virginia is an organization which serves the state of Virginia as a political leadership training center.	Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership	University of Virginia
headquarters location	PIKO manufactures its own products, at its headquarters factory in Sonneberg (Thüringen) Germany, and at its own factory, PIKO China, in Chashan, PRC.	PIKO	Sonneberg
headquarters location	Vive Crop Protection is a privately held company based in Toronto, Canada, that develops new products based on existing active ingredients for crop protection using its patented AllosperseTM technology.	Vive Crop Protection	Toronto
headquarters location	Bird Kingdom is located in the tourist district of Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Bird Kingdom	Niagara Falls
headquarters location	Avesthagen Limited is an integrated systems biology platform company headquartered in Bangalore, India.	Avesthagen	Bangalore
headquarters location	Simple Mobile (stylized SIMPLE Mobile) is a prepaid mobile network operator headquartered in Irvine, California, in the United States and became a subsidiary of America Móvil (parent of TracFone Wireless Inc.) after it was acquired in June 2012.	Simple Mobile	Irvine
headquarters location	Employers Group was founded in 1893 in Los Angeles as the Merchants Association.	Employers Group	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Virtuos has development centers in Shanghai, Chengdu, and Xi'an, China, and in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, and offices in Paris, Vancouver and Tokyo.	Virtuos	Shanghai
headquarters location	Jean Majola founded the company in 1908 at Saint-Denis on the north side of Paris, initially for the production of automobiles engines.	Majola	Saint-Denis
headquarters location	The club is mainly focused on kite flying, kite workshops etc. The main recreational area of Kollam Kite Club is Kollam Beach in the city.	Kollam Kite Club	Kollam Beach
headquarters location	R. Hoe & Company was a New York City based printing press manufacturer established by Peter Smith, Matthew Smith (?--1822), and their brother-in-law, English emigrant Robert Hoe (1784--1833), in 1805 as Smith, Hoe & Company.	R. Hoe & Company	New York City
headquarters location	Demir-Halk Bank (known also as DHB Bank) is a Dutch commercial bank headquartered in Rotterdam.	DHB Bank	Rotterdam
headquarters location	First Midwest Bancorp, Inc is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois, just west of O'Hare Airport.	First Midwest Bancorp	Itasca
headquarters location	Corpozulia is a Venezuelan government organization that works in the area of economic development in Zulia State.	Corpozulia	Zulia
headquarters location	Hong Thai Travel Services (Chinese: 康泰旅行社) is one of the largest travel agencies in Hong Kong.	Hong Thai Travel Services	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Ostsee-Zeitung (also known as OZ) is a German language regional daily newspaper published in Rostock, Germany.	Ostsee-Zeitung	Rostock
headquarters location	The Qt Company (formerly known as Digia, Qt, Qt Development Frameworks, Qt Software, Trolltech and as Quasar Technologies) is a software company based in Oslo, Norway, and best known for its Qt toolkit and application framework.	The Qt Company	Oslo
headquarters location	Skull and Bones is an undergraduate senior secret society at Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut.	Skull and Bones	New Haven, Connecticut
headquarters location	Star Farm Productions is a Chicago, IL based children's entertainment company that focuses on creating intellectual properties across multiple media.	Star Farm Productions	Chicago
headquarters location	Puppet Heap, LLC is a puppet design, fabrication and production company based in Hoboken, New Jersey.	Puppet Heap	Hoboken
headquarters location	Indian Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited (IDPL) is a public sector pharmaceutical, bulk drug manufacturing and drug discovery company owned by the Indian government, headquartered in New Delhi, and located in Hyderabad, Gurgaon and Rishikesh.	Indian Drugs and Pharmaceuticals	New Delhi
headquarters location	The Society for Threatened Peoples International STPI (German: Gesellschaft für bedrohte Völker-International, GfbV-International) is an international NGO and human rights organization with its headquarters in Göttingen, Germany.	Society for Threatened Peoples	Göttingen
headquarters location	Sitel is a telemarketing and outsourcing business headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.	Sitel	Nashville
headquarters location	Bloomberg L.P. is a privately held financial software, data, and media company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Bloomberg L.P.	New York City
headquarters location	The Northern Trust Corporation is an American international financial services company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	Northern Trust	Chicago
headquarters location	Grandstream Networks is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, USA and has offices in Plano, Texas, USA;	Grandstream Networks	Boston
headquarters location	Pacsafe is headquartered in Hong Kong with offices in the United States, Germany, and China.	Pacsafe	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The River Dart Steamboat Co Ltd (RDSC) and its predecessors, the Dartmouth Steam Packet Company and the Dartmouth and Torbay Steam Packet Company, were the major ferry and excursion boat operators on the River Dart in South Devon for 120 years, until the company's demise in 1976.	River Dart Steamboat Co Ltd	Dartmouth
headquarters location	Lucent Dossier Experience (whose name loosely translates to ``a collection of glowing light'') is a Los Angeles cirque style interactive, avant-garde circus, electronic rock band, performance troupe and entertainment company performing worldwide.	Lucent Dossier Experience	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Psychopathic Records, also known as ``The Hatchet'', is an American independent record label based in Farmington Hills, Michigan that specializes in hip hop music.	Psychopathic Records	Farmington Hills
headquarters location	Volkswerft (German: Volkswerft Stralsund GmbH) is a shipyard in the hanseatic city of Stralsund on the Strelasund.	Volkswerft	Stralsund
headquarters location	Charter International plc was a large British engineering business based in London.	Charter International	London
headquarters location	Swedish Match is a Swedish company based in Stockholm that makes snus, moist snuff, and chewing tobacco (with its Red Man brand).	Swedish Match	Stockholm
headquarters location	Biovista Inc. is a private drug development services company based in Charlottesville, Virginia, USA.	Biovista	Charlottesville
headquarters location	Rock River Arms, Incorporated is a manufacturing company based in Colona, Illinois that manufacturers parts and accessories for AR-15/M16 type rifles, as well as complete firearms.	Rock River Arms	Colona
headquarters location	Montgomery Securities was an investment bank based in San Francisco, California, that specialized in high technology and health care sectors.	Montgomery Securities	San Francisco
headquarters location	Aerotherm Group is a British automotive and aerospace capital equipment manufacturer company headquartered in Tunstall, Staffordshire, United Kingdom.	Aerotherm Group	Tunstall, Staffordshire
headquarters location	Patek Philippe & Co. (PP) is a Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851, located in Geneva and the Vallée de Joux.	Patek Philippe & Co.	Geneva
headquarters location	Light Serviços de Eletricidade S.A. is an electric company based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Light Serviços de Eletricidade	Rio de Janeiro
headquarters location	Headquartered in Bogotá, Corficolombiana was the first Colombian financial institution.	Corficolombiana	Bogotá
headquarters location	The New India Assurance Co. Ltd., based in Mumbai, is one of the five Wholly Government of India owned assurance companies of India.	New India Assurance	Mumbai
headquarters location	Pick Everard is a multi-disciplined construction consultancy company founded in 1866, headquartered in Leicester, United Kingdom.	Pick Everard	Leicester
headquarters location	The Advance Motor Manufacturing Company Ltd was incorporated on the 31 May 1905 with registered offices at Louise Road, Northampton by Douglas Herbert Gainsford and Frederick Smart, with an original share capital of £10,000.	Advance Motor Manufacturing Company	Northampton
headquarters location	AbbottVision has offices in London and Manchester and an ongoing first-look distribution deal with FremantleMedia Enterprises.	AbbottVision	London
headquarters location	WESCO International, Inc. is a holding company for WESCO Distribution, a multinational electronics distribution and services company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WESCO International	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	China Minsheng Bank (simplified Chinese: 中国民生银行; traditional Chinese: 中國民生銀行; pinyin: Zhōngguó Mínshēng Yínháng), founded on January 12, 1996, in Beijing, is the first bank in China to be owned mostly by non-government enterprises.	China Minsheng Bank	Beijing
headquarters location	Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation (PAGCOR) is the Philippines' largest contributor of revenue to the government after the Tax and Customs Authority.	Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation	Philippines
headquarters location	Softex S.A. is a Greek paper towel company, headquartered in Athens in the Athens Industrial Area west of downtown.	Softex	Athens
headquarters location	CLC bio is a bioinformatics software company headquartered in Aarhus, Denmark, and with offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Tokyo, Taipei and Delhi.	CLC bio	Aarhus
headquarters location	The Digital Village (TDV) was a digital media company based in Covent Garden, London WC2 in the United Kingdom.	The Digital Village	Covent Garden
headquarters location	Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd., was founded on October 29, 1962, in Mumbai, as a book circulating library, and today they are an established integrated media content house in India with activities across content acquisition, value addition to content and content distribution.	Shemaroo Entertainment	Mumbai
headquarters location	Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Shanghai, China, VeriSilicon has over 450 employees with six R&D centers (China, US and Finland) and nine sales offices worldwide.	VeriSilicon	Shanghai
headquarters location	Conceyu Abiertu achieved a representative in Noreña.	Conceyu Abiertu	Noreña
headquarters location	Cooper-Standard Automotive Inc., headquartered in Novi, Michigan, is an automotive supplier specializing in the manufacture and marketing of systems and components for the automotive industry.	Cooper-Standard Automotive	Novi
headquarters location	Rīgas Satiksme (English: Riga Transport) is a limited liability company of Riga municipality which operates public transport and vehicle hire in the Latvian capital Riga and its surrounding areas.	Rīgas Satiksme	Riga
headquarters location	Vulcan Productions is a production company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, led by Paul Allen and Jody Allen.	Vulcan Productions	Seattle
headquarters location	Owen Owen was a Liverpool-based operator of department stores in the United Kingdom and Canada.	Owen Owen	Liverpool
headquarters location	The S.A. des Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano (CAER) was an aircraft manufacturing company based in Cannes, France.	Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano	Cannes
headquarters location	Skyword Inc. (Skyword) is an American SaaS technology and content marketing services corporation, with headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Skyword	Boston
headquarters location	Transaction Advisors is a technical journal that was founded in Chicago.	Transaction Advisors	Chicago
headquarters location	Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera, S.A. (formerly Hispano Carrocera, S.A.), based in Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, was one of the largest manufacturers of bus and coach cabins in Europe.	Tata Hispano	Zaragoza
headquarters location	Temple Square Hospitality Corporation is a subsidiary of Deseret Management Corporation which provides dining, catering and other services at the Lion House, Joseph Smith Memorial Building, and other properties owned by Zions Securities Corporation near Temple Square in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.	Temple Square Hospitality	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Fermentek Ltd. is a biotechnological company, located in Atarot industrial zone, Jerusalem, Israel, specializing in the research, development and manufacture of biologically active, natural products isolated from microorganisms as well as from other natural sources such as plants and algae.	Fermentek	Israel
headquarters location	Putnam Investments is a privately owned investment management firm founded in 1937 by George Putnam, who established one of the first balanced mutual funds, The George Putnam Fund of Boston.	Putnam Investments	Boston
headquarters location	The Fat Cat Brewery is a brewery located at the Fat Cat Brewery Tap, Lawson Road, Norwich in the English county of Norfolk.	Fat Cat Brewery	Norwich
headquarters location	Based in Minneapolis, Sportradar US captures live play-by-play data and delivers it in real-time to companies in media, technology and fantasy sports.	Sportradar US	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Electro-Harmonix was founded by R&B keyboard player Mike Matthews in October 1968 in New York City.	Electro-Harmonix	New York City
headquarters location	Netlist Inc. is a multinational company headquartered in Irvine, California that designs and manufactures a wide variety of high-performance, logic-based memory subsystems for global datacenter and high-performance computing and communications markets.	Netlist Inc.	Irvine
headquarters location	Renco Electronics is an electronics manufacturer based in Rockledge, Florida.	Renco Electronics	Rockledge
headquarters location	InfoPark Thrissur is an information technology park situated in Koratty of Thrissur District in Kerala.	InfoPark Thrissur	Koratty
headquarters location	TransAlta Corporation (formerly Calgary Power) is an electricity power generator and wholesale marketing company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta.	TransAlta	Calgary
headquarters location	Forth Dimension Displays (ForthDD) is a British optoelectronics company based in Dalgety Bay, Fife, United Kingdom.	Forth Dimension Displays	Dalgety Bay
headquarters location	Asphodel Ltd (aka Asphodel Records) was a San Francisco-based independent record label founded by musician Mitzi Johnson in 1992.	Asphodel Records	San Francisco
headquarters location	ASC Finance for Business is the largest group of commercial mortgage brokers in the UK based in Regent's Park, London.	ASC Finance for Business	London
headquarters location	Baker & McKenzie, founded in 1949 is a multinational law firm headquartered in Chicago.	Baker & McKenzie	Chicago
headquarters location	Child World was an American chain of toy stores that was founded in Avon, Massachusetts, in 1970.	Child World	Avon
headquarters location	Investors Bank is a publicly traded American independent full service savings bank that is based in Short Hills, New Jersey, USA.	Investors Bank	Short Hills, New Jersey
headquarters location	Proskauer Rose LLP (formerly known as Proskauer, Rose, Goetz & Mendelsohn, LLP) is an international law firm that is headquartered in New York City.	Proskauer Rose	New York City
headquarters location	OM Group Incorporated is a metal-based chemistry firm based in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	OM Group	Cleveland
headquarters location	Taiwan Dancer Technology Co., Ltd. is a Taiwanese aircraft manufacturer based in Nangang Village, Dayuan District, Taoyuan City.	Taiwan Dancer	Dayuan
headquarters location	Corporate offices are located in Delray Beach, Florida and PositiveID's laboratories are located in Pleasanton, CA .	PositiveID	Delray Beach
headquarters location	Canyon Creek Food Company (TSX-V: CYF) is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers.	Canyon Creek Food Company	Edmonton
headquarters location	The Buckmobile was an American automobile manufactured between 1903 and 1905 in Utica, New York by the Buckmobile Company.	Buckmobile	Utica
headquarters location	Queensland Energy Resources Limited (QERL) is an Australian oil shale mining and shale oil extraction company with the headquarters in Brisbane.	Queensland Energy Resources	Brisbane
headquarters location	Factory Green, Inc., was an American, eco-friendly clothing and accessories online retail store and was based in Columbia, Missouri.	Factory Green	Columbia
headquarters location	Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group (Chinese: 扬子江药业集团, YRPG) is a Chinese multinational pharmaceutical corporation headquartered in Taizhou, Jiangsu Province in the People's Republic of China, and with its research headquarters in Shanghai.	Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group	Taizhou
headquarters location	CipherGraph Networks is a computer networking software company specializing in cloud security based in Pleasanton, California.	CipherGraph Networks	Pleasanton
headquarters location	Extreme Networks is a networking company based in San Jose, California that was founded in 1996.	Extreme Networks	San Jose
headquarters location	Simon Carves Engineering Ltd is a British, full-service Process Engineering Contractor headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom.	Simon Carves	Manchester
headquarters location	Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi) is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases, based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Swedish Orphan Biovitrum	Stockholm
headquarters location	Aanerud Industries is a Norwegian design company with its offices based in Oslo, Norway and its workshop in Skogbygda, Norway.	Aanerud Industries	Oslo
headquarters location	BELIMO Holding AG, an international group of companies, is located in Hinwil, Switzerland.	BELIMO Holding AG	Hinwil
headquarters location	North Woods Advertising is an advertising company based in Minneapolis, whose activities include advertising, public relations, political consulting, marketing strategy and others.	North Woods Advertising	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Little Wing Autogyros, Inc. is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Mayflower, Arkansas and founded by Ron Herron.	Little Wing Autogyros, Inc.	Mayflower
headquarters location	Carrozzeria Allemano (established 1928, discontinued 1965) was an automobile coachbuilder in Turin, Italy, owned by Serafino Allemano.	Carrozzeria Allemano	Turin
headquarters location	Sacyr Vallehermoso, S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: (saˈθir βaʎerˈmoso)) is a leading Spanish construction company based in Madrid.	Sacyr Vallehermoso	Madrid
headquarters location	Kodiak Interactive was a video game developer in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Kodiak Interactive	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Pinnacle Financial Partners is a bank headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee operating in middle and East Tennessee.	Pinnacle Financial Partners	Nashville
headquarters location	Glenn Marine Group is a Singapore-based supplier of maritime services including naval logistics and the operation of shore-base support including cruise terminals and port operations.	Glenn Marine Group	Singapore
headquarters location	Beijing Mozilla Online Ltd (Chinese: 北京谋智网络技术有限公司), a.k.a. Mozilla China (Chinese: 谋智中国), is a limited company to help promote and deploy Mozilla products in China.	Mozilla China	Beijing
headquarters location	The University of the Mediterranean Aix-Marseille II was a French university in the Academy of Aix and Marseille.	University of the Mediterranean	Marseille
headquarters location	Behestan Darou is a private joint stock pharmaceutical company based in Tehran, Iran.	Behestan Darou	Tehran
headquarters location	DecoPac, Inc. is a supplier and marketer of cake decorating products headquartered in Anoka, Minnesota.	DecoPac, Inc.	Anoka
headquarters location	Harley Ellis Devereaux is an architecture and engineering firm based in Southfield, Michigan with offices in Southfield, Chicago, Illinois, Los Angeles, San Diego and San Francisco, California.	Harley Ellis Devereaux	Southfield
headquarters location	The Godrej Group is an Indian conglomerate headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, managed and largely owned by the Godrej family.	Godrej Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Germanischer Lloyd SE was a classification society based in the city of Hamburg, Germany.	Germanischer Lloyd	Hamburg
headquarters location	Mount Carmel Medical Group is a private healthcare organisation based in Naas, Ireland.	Mount Carmel Medical Group	Naas
headquarters location	The Sadhujana Paripalana Sangham (Sadhu Jana Paripalana Sangham) (SJPS) was established in 1907 by social reformer Ayyankali to campaign for education for Dalits in Kerala with the support of government of Travancore, British India.	Sadhujana Paripalana Sangham	Kerala
headquarters location	Independently owned and wholly committed, MDB Communications is an American full service advertising and communications agency based in Washington, D.C. Founded in 1981, the agency was named to Inc. Magazine's ``Inc. 500'' list in 1998 and was also recognized on Advertising Age's ``Top US Agency Brands by Revenue'' in 2007.	MDB Communications	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Ragdoll Productions is a British television production company located in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, that produces children's programmes.	Ragdoll Productions	Stratford-upon-Avon
headquarters location	Edison Properties is a privately owned real estate holding and development firm based in Newark, New Jersey founded in 1956.	Edison Properties	Newark
headquarters location	Brunswick News Inc. is a Canadian newspaper publishing company based in Moncton, New Brunswick.	Brunswick News	Moncton
headquarters location	Founded in 2000, OnMobile is headquartered in Bangalore, India and serves customers in 59 countries on 5 continents.	OnMobile	Bangalore
headquarters location	American Family Insurance's history began on October 3, 1927, when insurance salesman Herman Wittwer opened the doors of Farmers Mutual Insurance Company in Madison, Wisconsin (not to be confused with the Farmers Insurance Group).	American Family Insurance	Madison
headquarters location	Carvin Corporation is an American guitar, bass guitar, and audio equipment manufacturer in San Diego, California.	Carvin Corporation	San Diego
headquarters location	Merrick Machine Company is a U.S. manufacturer based out of Alda Nebraska that produces custom automated housing machinery, The Auto Dolly, and The Auto Dolly accessory products, Merrick Originals.	Merrick Machine Company	Alda
headquarters location	The Hokuriku Electric Power Company 北陸電力 (Hokuriku Denryoku) supplies power by a regulated monopoly to the Toyama Prefecture, Ishikawa Prefecture, the northern part of Fukui Prefecture, and northwestern parts of Gifu Prefecture.	Hokuriku Electric Power Company	Toyama
headquarters location	Music Millennium is an independent record store located in Portland, Oregon.	Music Millennium	Portland
headquarters location	Futurikon is a French independent production company created in 1996 by Philippe Delarue, the company's CEO and Producer, and based in Paris.	Futurikon	Paris
headquarters location	Newey, Newey-Aster, Gordon Newey, Gordon Newey Ltd, G.N.L. (GNL), (1907-1920) was a British automobile manufacturer from Birmingham.	Gordon Newey	Birmingham
headquarters location	Canada Dry Motts is a beverage company based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Canada Dry Motts	Mississauga
headquarters location	Andersen Corporation is an international window and door manufacturing enterprise employing more than 9,000 people at more than 20 locations, with headquarters in the St. Paul exurb of Bayport, Minnesota.	Andersen Corporation	Bayport
headquarters location	Based in Richmond, California, Bath Simple was launched by John Crowley and Bill Hunscher in 2010.	Bath Simple	Richmond
headquarters location	AUMUND Fördertechnik GmbH is a producer of Conveying Technology Products headquartered in Germany, Rheinberg, district of Millingen.	AUMUND Fördertechnik	Rheinberg
headquarters location	TravelerVIP.com, headquartered in Dubai, is the Middle East's first luxury hotel booking website.	TravelerVIP	Dubai
headquarters location	Magruder's is a grocery store chain in and around the Washington, D.C. area.	Magruder's	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Rosengårdcentret is a shopping centre located in Odense on the Danish island of Funen.	Rosengårdcentret	Odense
headquarters location	Pyramid Breweries, Inc., is a brewing company headquartered in Seattle, Washington.	Pyramid Breweries	Seattle
headquarters location	Dongfeng Motor Company Limited is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Wuhan, China and a 50:50 joint-venture between Dongfeng Motor Corporation and Nissan Motors.	Dongfeng Motor Company	Wuhan
headquarters location	Until 2008, Sercomtel had the concession to provide service only in two municipalities (Londrina and Tamarana), even providing service in neighbouring cities.	Sercomtel	Londrina
headquarters location	SMW-AUTOBLOK is a worldwide workholding technology industrial company, founded in 1993, based in Caprie, Piedmont, Italy, and with production plants in Meckenbeuren, Germany and Caprie.	SMW-AUTOBLOK	Caprie
headquarters location	Ferrellgas has corporate operations in the Kansas City suburbs of Liberty, Missouri and Overland Park, Kansas.	Ferrellgas	Overland Park
headquarters location	MOS Technology, Inc. (``MOS'' being short for Metal Oxide Semiconductor), also known as CSG (Commodore Semiconductor Group), was a semiconductor design and fabrication company based in Norristown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	MOS Technology	Norristown
headquarters location	Elmer's Fine Foods, or just Elmer's, is a snack food company based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Elmer's Fine Foods	New Orleans
headquarters location	Nicor Gas is an energy company headquartered in Naperville, Illinois.	Nicor	Naperville
headquarters location	The Riverboat Discovery is a tour company in Fairbanks, Alaska which operates sternwheel riverboats on the Chena and Tanana rivers.	Riverboat Discovery	Fairbanks
headquarters location	Dillon Aero, Inc. is an armament manufacturer located in Scottsdale, Arizona.	Dillon Aero	Scottsdale
headquarters location	Vocelli Pizza (formerly Pizza Outlet) is a pizzeria based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Vocelli Pizza	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	The Acotel Group S.p.A(BIT ACO) is a global telecommunications company, headquartered in Rome, Italy.	Acotel Group	Rome
headquarters location	Ashok Leyland Defence Systems Ltd. (ALDS) also works with associate companies (Hinduja Group Companies) AVIA (Prague, Czech Republic), Optare (Leeds,UK), Defiance (Detroit, USA), Hinduja Foundries (Chennai, India) and AlbonAir (Dortmund, Germany) to leverage their capabilities.	Ashok Leyland Defence Systems	Chennai
headquarters location	Headquartered in Tamuning, Guam, DoCoMo Pacific was originally a merger of Guamcell Communications and HafaTel.	DoCoMo Pacific	Tamuning, Guam
headquarters location	Cinedigm (or Cinedigm Corp.) is a North American entertainment company, headquartered in Los Angeles, California.	Cinedigm	Los Angeles
headquarters location	QNB Bank, also known simply as QNB, is an independent bank headquartered in Quakertown, Pennsylvania.	QNB Bank	Quakertown
headquarters location	Clifton's Cafeteria, once part of a chain of 8 Clifton's restaurants, is the oldest surviving cafeteria style eatery in Los Angeles, California, and the largest public cafeteria in the world.	Clifton's Cafeteria	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Four Door Lemon Ltd, currently based in Bradford, West Yorkshire, is one of the UK's longest-living and successful independent videogames and middleware developers.	Four Door Lemon	Bradford
headquarters location	Juwai.com has offices in Hong Kong and is headquartered in Shanghai.	Juwai.com	Hong Kong	Shanghai
headquarters location	JMicron Technology Corporation (Chinese: 智微科技; pinyin: Zhìwēi Kējì) is a Taiwanese fabless technology design house based in Hsinchu, Taiwan.	JMicron	Hsinchu
headquarters location	The Vilcek Foundation is located in a landmark, Beaux Arts-style renovated carriage house in New York City's Upper East Side, which serves as both its headquarters and gallery space.	The Vilcek Foundation	New York City
headquarters location	Star Africa Commodities & Minerals Limited is a fully integrated company founded in 2009 in the Republic of Ghana, initially formed for the purpose of acquiring interests in mineral and hydrocarbon deposits throughout Africa.	Star Africa Commodities & Minerals Limited	Ghana
headquarters location	Sentrigo was a privately held software company located in Santa Clara, California, USA, until its acquisition in April, 2011 by McAfee.	Sentrigo	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Loquendo was originally a research group created in the mid-seventies by managers at IRI-STET in the CSELT laboratories in Turin before becoming a company in its own right in 2001.	Loquendo	Turin
headquarters location	Henry Scarr Ltd. was an English shipbuilding company based in the East Riding of Yorkshire at Hessle on the Humber.	Henry Scarr	Hessle
headquarters location	Palliser Furniture Upholstery Ltd. is a furniture manufacturing company headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba Canada.	Palliser Furniture	Winnipeg
headquarters location	El Rey Jesús, anglicized as King Jesus Ministry, is a Christian Apostolic and Prophetic church located in Miami, Florida with a general attendance between 15,000 and 20,000 individuals per week.	El Rey Jesús	Miami
headquarters location	Metia Interactive is a game development studio based in Auckland, New Zealand.	Metia Interactive	Auckland
headquarters location	Environmental Waste Solutions (EWS) is a private U.S. small business headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, which specializes in assisting businesses in becoming more environmentally friendly.	Environmental Waste Solutions	Baton Rouge
headquarters location	Greenwoods is a chain of menswear stores with headquarters in Bradford, England.	Greenwoods	Bradford
headquarters location	EHDD, ranked among the top 20 architecture firms in the San Francisco Bay Area where it is headquartered, is known especially for seismically safe, sustainable designs.	EHDD	San Francisco
headquarters location	It is not clear whether the D1 was ever sold in significant numbers, but production of the Rovin D2 started in 1947 at the company's newly acquired plant at Saint-Denis.	Rovin	Saint-Denis
headquarters location	UnitedHealth Group Inc. is an American diversified managed health care company based in Minnetonka, Minnesota, U.S. It is No. 14 on the Fortune 500.	UnitedHealth Group	Minnetonka
headquarters location	Machold Rare Violins, domiciled in Bremen, was the global market leader in the historic string instruments trade.	Machold Rare Violins	Bremen
headquarters location	McClatchey Broadcasting is a Raleigh based, privately owned company that owns radio stations in North Carolina.	McClatchey Broadcasting	Raleigh
headquarters location	Namma Veedu Vasanta Bhavan (Tamil: நம்ம வீடு வஸந்த பவன்) is a chain of vegetarian restaurants headquartered in Egmore, Chennai, India, started in 1969.	Namma Veedu Vasanta Bhavan	Chennai
headquarters location	The San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation was a utility company that provided electricity to seven counties in the San Joaquin Valley of California.	San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation	California
headquarters location	Muñoz and Company (formerly, Kell Muñoz Architects) is a leading architecture firm based in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Kell Muñoz Architects	San Antonio
headquarters location	Cedar Fair, L.P., doing business as the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company, is a publicly traded partnership headquartered at its Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.	Cedar Fair	Sandusky
headquarters location	Alliance Cinemas is a small theatre chain nominally headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia which operates one small urban theatre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Alliance Cinemas	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Bank of the People was created by radical Reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price, and Dr John Rolph in Toronto in 1835.	Bank of the People	Toronto
headquarters location	Universal Statuary Corp. was a Chicago based statue manufacturer.	Universal Statuary Corp.	Chicago
headquarters location	Adeptia is a Chicago-based software company.	Adeptia	Chicago
inception	Mediterranean Air Freight was established and started operations in June 2003.	Mediterranean Air Freight	2003
inception	Team 5P () is the animation production team, which established in 2002.	Team 5P	2002
inception	The Muslim Public Affairs Council (MPAC) is a national American Muslim advocacy and public policy organization headquartered in Los Angeles and with offices in Washington D.C. MPAC was founded in 1986.	Muslim Public Affairs Council	1986
inception	Founded in 1990, The Canadian Journalism Foundation (CJF) is a non-profit organization that promotes excellence in Canadian journalism by celebrating outstanding journalistic achievement.	Canadian Journalism Foundation	1990
inception	The Ibru Organization, established in 1956, became one of the largest conglomerates in Nigeria.	Ibru Organization	1956
licensed to broadcast to	WRLY-LP, or Oak 93.5 is a community low power FM (``LPFM'') radio station operating in Raleigh, North Carolina.	WRLY-LP	Raleigh
licensed to broadcast to	WQOR is a Catholic radio station broadcasting from Olyphant, Pennsylvania, serving the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area.	WQOR	Olyphant
licensed to broadcast to	WAJM, assigned to 88.9 FM and licensed to Atlantic City, New Jersey, is a high school radio station owned by the Atlantic City Board of Education and is operated by the students of Atlantic City High School.	WAJM	Atlantic City
licensed to broadcast to	WTLC-FM (106.7 FM) is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio station licensed to Greenwood, Indiana, serving the Indianapolis area.	WTLC-FM	Greenwood
licensed to broadcast to	WUMF is the student run radio station of the University of Maine Farmington, located in Farmington, Maine broadcasting on 91.5 FM.	WUMF	Farmington
licensed to broadcast to	WQQK (92-Q) is an Urban Adult Contemporary FM radio station broadcasting in the Nashville, Tennessee market on a frequency of 92.1 MHz. Its transmitter site is in Goodlettsville, Tennessee (its city of license), and its studios are located in Nashville's Music Row district.	WQQK	Goodlettsville
licensed to broadcast to	KAQD (branded as ``American Family Radio'') is an FM Christian radio station that serves the Abilene, Texas, area.	KAQD	Abilene
licensed to broadcast to	WLBC-FM is a FM radio station broadcasting on a frequency of 104.1 MHz and located in Muncie, Indiana.	WLBC-FM	Muncie
licensed to broadcast to	KBFF (95.5 FM, ``Live 95-5'') is a CHR/Top 40 radio station licensed to Portland, Oregon and serving the Portland area.	KBFF	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	CJBK is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting in London, Ontario at 1290 kHz.	CJBK	London
licensed to broadcast to	WHGH (AM 840) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Contemporary format., and licensed for Thomasville, Georgia, USA, in the Tallahassee, Florida area.	WHGH	Thomasville
licensed to broadcast to	WHIY (1600 AM) is an Urban oldies and Blues music formatted radio station that serves Huntsville, Alabama, and the majority of the Tennessee Valley in north Alabama, United States.	WHIY	Huntsville
licensed to broadcast to	CHOM-FM is an English language radio station located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	CHOM-FM	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	WSIX-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting in Nashville, Tennessee on a frequency of 97.9 MHz. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., and airs a country music format.	WSIX-FM	Nashville
licensed to broadcast to	WQXR-FM (105.9 FM) is an American classical radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey and serving the New York City metropolitan area.	WQXR-FM	Newark
licensed to broadcast to	WIDG (940 AM) is a radio station licensed to St. Ignace, Michigan, broadcasting a Catholic religious format.	WIDG	St. Ignace, Michigan
licensed to broadcast to	WDUZ (1400 AM) and WDUZ-FM (107.5 FM) are radio stations serving the Green Bay, Wisconsin area, simulcasting a Sports Talk format as ``Sports Radio 107.5 and 1400 The Fan.''	WDUZ	Green Bay
licensed to broadcast to	WWLB (93.1 FM, ``Hank FM'') is a classic country music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Ettrick, Virginia, serving the Petersburg/Richmond area.	WWLB	Ettrick
licensed to broadcast to	KLAX-TV is the ABC-affiliated television station for Central Louisiana licensed to Alexandria.	KLAX-TV	Central Louisiana	Alexandria
licensed to broadcast to	CFBX-FM 92.5 FM, also known as ``The X'' , is a campus radio station at Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, British Columbia.	CFBX-FM	Kamloops, British Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WNOH is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Windsor, Virginia, serving Hampton Roads in Virginia and Northeastern North Carolina.	WNOH	Windsor
licensed to broadcast to	WMMI (830 AM) is an AM radio station located in Shepherd, Michigan.	WMMI	Shepherd, Michigan
licensed to broadcast to	CJQM-FM (``Country 104.3'' FM) is a radio station in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.	CJQM-FM	Sault Ste. Marie
licensed to broadcast to	WPUR (107.3 FM) is a country music formatted radio station in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	WPUR	Atlantic City
licensed to broadcast to	CFRX is the international shortwave relay of CFRB, a news/talk radio station in Toronto, Ontario.	CFRX	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	KBHR is a commercial radio station located in Big Bear City, California, broadcasting on 93.3 and 102.5FM.	KBHR	Big Bear City, California
licensed to broadcast to	WMTH-FM, located in Park Ridge, Illinois, was among the first high school radio stations in the United States when it was licensed in 1959.	WMTH	Park Ridge
licensed to broadcast to	WUCX-FM, FM 90.1 in Bay City, Michigan, is licensed to Central Michigan University and operated jointly with Delta College.	WUCX-FM	Bay City
licensed to broadcast to	NE1fm is an FM community radio station based in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	NE1fm	Newcastle upon Tyne
licensed to broadcast to	WWCO (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed in Waterbury, Connecticut, broadcasting a talk radio format.	WWCO	Waterbury
licensed to broadcast to	WYDK (97.9 FM, ``Dock 97.9 FM'') is an American radio station licensed to serve Eufaula, Alabama, USA.	WYDK	Eufaula
licensed to broadcast to	KAMX (94.7 FM, ``Mix 94.7'') is a commercial radio station licensed to Luling, Texas, United States, broadcasting to the Austin, Texas area from studios and transmitter in West Lake Hills, Texas.	KAMX	Luling
licensed to broadcast to	CHUO-FM is a Canadian community-based campus radio station, broadcasting at 89.1 FM in Ottawa, on Rogers digital cable on channel 943, via RealAudio stream and in MP3.	CHUO-FM	Ottawa
licensed to broadcast to	WWOT is the Top 40 music formatted radio station in Altoona, Pennsylvania.	WWOT	Altoona
licensed to broadcast to	CHBM-FM is a radio station in Toronto, Ontario, Canada broadcasting at 97.3 FM.	CHBM-FM	Toronto
licensed to broadcast to	CINQ-FM is a multilingual Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec.	CINQ-FM	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	WKWK-FM is an adult contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wheeling, West Virginia, USA, serving the Wheeling/Steubenville area.	WKWK-FM	Wheeling
licensed to broadcast to	WDJX is a Contemporary Hit Radio radio station located in Louisville, Kentucky.	WDJX	Louisville
licensed to broadcast to	CHOY-FM (99.9 FM), branded as ``Choix FM'', is a Canadian French language radio station broadcasting at 99.9 MHz from Moncton, New Brunswick.	CHOY-FM	Moncton
licensed to broadcast to	KBKL (branded as Kool 107.9) is a radio station serving Grand Junction, Colorado and vicinity with a classic hits format.	KBKL	Grand Junction
licensed to broadcast to	KRRO (103.7 FM MHz) is a radio station in Sioux Falls, South Dakota airing a mainstream rock format.	KRRO	Sioux Falls
licensed to broadcast to	KLHI-FM (92.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Kahului, Hawaii, USA, and serving the Maui area.	KLHI-FM	Kahului
licensed to broadcast to	WXTL is a classic rock station in Syracuse, New York branded as ``The Rebel''.	WXTL	Syracuse
licensed to broadcast to	KEAZ (100.7 FM, ``Eazy 100.7'') is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format licensed to Kensett, Arkansas, USA.	KEAZ	Kensett
licensed to broadcast to	CFJR-FM is a Canadian radio station airing at 104.9 FM in Brockville, Ontario.	CFJR-FM	Brockville
licensed to broadcast to	KSRY serves the Antelope Valley from its tower in Tehachapi, California.	KSRY	Tehachapi
licensed to broadcast to	KMGN (93.9 FM) is an American commercial mainstream rock music radio station in Flagstaff, Arizona, United States, broadcasting to the Flagstaff-Prescott, Arizona area.	KMGN	Flagstaff
licensed to broadcast to	WWMP (103.3 FM, ``MP103'') is a radio station broadcasting an adult hits format that is licensed to Waterbury, Vermont, USA.	WWMP	Waterbury, Vermont
licensed to broadcast to	WCLI-FM (101.5 FM, ``Hank FM'') is a classic country radio station, licensed to Enon, Ohio, and serving the Dayton area.	WCLI-FM	Enon
licensed to broadcast to	WBEW is a non-commercial educational (NCE), Class B1 public radio station on 89.5 MHz at Chesterton in Northwest Indiana.	WBEW	Chesterton
licensed to broadcast to	CFBW-FM is a community radio station broadcasting at 91.3 FM in Hanover, Ontario, Canada.	CFBW-FM	Hanover, Ontario
licensed to broadcast to	CIOC-FM (identified on air as Ocean 98.5), is an FM radio station based in Victoria, British Columbia, broadcasting at 98.5 MHz and owned by Rogers Communications.	CIOC-FM	Victoria
licensed to broadcast to	WSGE operates at 91.7 FM and is a non-commercial, public radio station owned and managed by Gaston College, in Dallas, North Carolina.	WSGE	Dallas, North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alton C. Crews Middle School is part of the Brookwood Cluster of Gwinnett County, Georgia, and part of Gwinnett County Public Schools.	Alton C. Crews Middle School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Hesar (Persian: نوحصار‎, also Romanized as Now Ḩeşār) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Now Hesar	Lajran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview is a Roman Catholic, day and boarding school for boys located in Riverview, a small suburb situated on the Lane Cove River on the Lower North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otola (ɔˈtɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Otola	Gmina Żarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madineh (Persian: مدينه‎, also Romanized as Madīneh, Madinah, and Madyāneh) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Madineh	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Between Fall 2011 and Spring 2013 and again since Fall 2014, WBMZ serves as the official flagship radio station for Georgia Southern Eagles athletics, broadcasting football, men and women's basketball and baseball games along with weekly coaches' shows.	WBMZ	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vondh is a village in Kutch district, Gujarat state, India.	Vondh	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madinat (Persian: مدنيات‎, also Romanized as Madīnāt; also known as ``Arab Nāşer, Madīnāt Shameh, and Mudāināth) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 267, in 39 families.	Madinat	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chemmalamattam (ചെമ്മലമറ്റം, chemmalamattom ?), (otherwise known as Chemmalamattom ) is a village in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India.	Chemmalamattam	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duluth Civic Center Historic District is a historic district in Duluth, Minnesota that includes four buildings: the Saint Louis County Courthouse, designed by architect Daniel Burnham and built in 1908--1909;	Duluth Civic Center Historic District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viepri, is an Italian village in the Colli Martani of central Umbria, a frazione of Massa Martana, 7 km north of that town and another 7 km SSW of Bastardo.	Viepri	Massa Martana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Cabot Estate was a historic estate in Brookline, Massachusetts.	Lewis Cabot Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lishasi (Persian: ليشاسي‎, also Romanized as Līshāsī) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lishasi	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morton Stadium, or the National Athletics Stadium, is an athletics stadium in Santry Demense, Finglas in Ireland.	Morton Stadium	Santry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The EDZ Irigary Bridge is a historic Pennsylvania truss bridge in southeastern Johnson County, Wyoming.	EDZ Irigary Bridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Godbold Transportation Center is a train station in Brookhaven, Mississippi, United States, served by Amtrak's City of New Orleans passenger train.	Godbold Transportation Center	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Marengo County Courthouse, built in 1850, is a Greek Revival courthouse building located in Linden, Alabama, U.S.A..	Old Marengo County Courthouse	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahrokhi (Persian: ماهرخي‎‎, also Romanized as Māhrokhī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mahrokhi	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chawłodno (xaˈvwɔdnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chawłodno	Gmina Gołańcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Soltaniyeh (Persian: باغ سلطانيه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Solţānīyeh; also known as Bāgh-e Solţān) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Soltaniyeh	Baqerabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totton and Eling is a town and civil parish in Hampshire, England, with a population of around 28,000 people.	Totton and Eling	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heerhugowaard is part of the province of North-Holland and is located in the west of the Netherlands.	Heerhugowaard	North-Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Königsfelden Monastery is a former Franciscan double monastery, which housed both a community of Poor Clare nuns and one of Franciscan friars, living in separate wings, in the municipality of Windisch in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Königsfelden Monastery	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 17th Street Canal forms a significant portion of the boundary between the city of New Orleans and Metairie, Louisiana.	17th Street Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camas Potholes (in Camas, Washington) is a popular place to jump from moderately high cliffs into the waters below.	Camas Potholes	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a 10 story parking garage in downtown Anchorage, Alaska.	Linny Pacillo Parking Garage	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levan Farm, also known as the Issac Levan Tract and Jacob Levan Farm, is a historic house and farm complex located in Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Levan Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thpong District (Khmer: ស្រុកថ្ពង) is a district (srok) located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.	Thpong District	Kampong Speu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boya Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 120 km north-by-northwest of the community of Dease Lake, British Columbia near BC Highway 37 (the Stewart-Cassiar Highway).	Boya Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roy's Motel and Café is a motel, café, gas station and auto repair shop, defunct for many years but now being largely restored, on the National Trails Highway of U.S. Route 66 in the Mojave Desert town of Amboy in San Bernardino County, California.	Roy's Motel and Café	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jake Nevin Field House (originally known as the Villanova Field House) is an arena located at Villanova University in Villanova, Pennsylvania.	Jake Nevin Field House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swanson River is a stream, 40 miles (64 km) long, on the Kenai Peninsula of south-central Alaska in the United States.	Swanson River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khar Yek (Persian: خاريك‎, also Romanized as Khār Yek and Khārīk) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khar Yek	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 42 Hopkins Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is an excellent early example of an Italianate house.	House at 42 Hopkins Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halfeti (Ottoman Turkish: روم قلعه‎ Rumkale,) is a small farming district on the east bank of the river Euphrates in Şanlıurfa Province in Turkey, 120 km from the city of Şanlıurfa.	Halfeti	Şanlıurfa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atholi is a Grama Panchayath in Kozhikode district of Kerala state, South India.	Atholi	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Llosa de Ranes (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈʎoza ðe ˈranes)) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.	La Llosa de Ranes	Costera
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAAA (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format, licensed to Kingman, Arizona, USA.	KAAA	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Sickle Bi-State Park is a state park straddling the border of California and Nevada, USA.	Van Sickle Bi-State Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopie (ˈkɔpjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kopie	Gmina Godziesze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardi-ye Shahabad (Persian: سردي شاه اباد‎, also Romanized as Sardī-ye Shāhābād; also known as Sardī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sardi-ye Shahabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kookmin University (hangul:국민대학교, hanja:國民大學校) is the first national private university located in Seongbuk-gu, Seoul, South Korea after the liberation of the Republic of Korea from Japan.	Kookmin University	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryggja is a village in eastern part of Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Bryggja	Vågsøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rafael A. Mangual Coliseum (Spanish: Coliseo Rafael A. Mangual) is a sports arena in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.	Rafael A. Mangual Coliseum	Mayagüez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cammeray is a suburb on the lower North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Cammeray	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Średnica-Jakubowięta (ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa jakubɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Średnica-Jakubowięta	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinabrahmadevam is a village in Peddapuram Mandal, located in East Godavari District of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chinabrahmadevam	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest Heights Collegiate Institute is a high school located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada that was established in 1964.	Forest Heights Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haleh Siah (Persian: هاله سياه‎, also Romanized as Hāleh Sīāh; also known as Nīs Kajreh, and Nīskeh Jāreh) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Haleh Siah	Dasht-e Hor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Railway (German: Mainbahn, pronounced 'mine barn') is a 37.5 km-long double-track electrified railway line, which runs on the south side of the Main River from Mainz to Frankfurt central station.	Main Railway	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dytiatky (Ukrainian: Дитятки, Russian: Дитятки, also spelled Dytyatky or Dityatki) is a Ukrainian village in the Ivankiv Raion, Kiev Oblast.	Dytiatky	Ivankiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falling Waters State Park is a 171-acre (69 ha) Florida state park located three miles (5 km) south of Chipley, Washington County in northwestern Florida.	Falling Waters State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galveston College (GC) is a comprehensive community college located on Galveston Island in Galveston, Texas, United States.	Galveston College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viroconium or Uriconium, formally Viroconium Cornoviorum, was a Roman town, one corner of which is now occupied by Wroxeter, a small village in Shropshire, England, about 5 miles (8.0 km) east-south-east of Shrewsbury.	Viroconium Cornoviorum	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varvandi (Persian: وروندي‎‎, also Romanized as Varvandī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Varvandi	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albuquerque Civic Auditorium was an indoor arena in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which was demolished in 1987.	Albuquerque Civic Auditorium	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostay-ye Sofla (Persian: استاي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ostāy-ye Soflá; also known as Ostā-ye Pā’īn and Ostāy-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ostay-ye Sofla	Salehabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonds Historical Museum is a free museum in Edmonds, Washington, which tells the story of Edmonds' history through various temporary and permanent exhibits and a small collection of artifacts.	Edmonds Historical Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Joseph Apache Mission Church is a historic church at 626 Mission Trail in Mescalero, New Mexico, United States.	St. Joseph Apache Mission Church	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosisio Parini is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Milan and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Lecco, on the shores of the Lake of Pusiano.	Bosisio Parini	Province of Lecco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andy Bailey Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 28 kilometres southeast of Fort Nelson, British Columbia.	Andy Bailey Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poštorná is a municipal district located in the town of Břeclav, Czech Republic.	Poštorná	Břeclav
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buabad (Persian: بواباد‎, also Romanized as Būābād; also known as Behābād and Bovārā) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Buabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Dock railway station was located in the commercial centre of Port Adelaide, South Australia at the corner of St Vincent Street and Lipson Street.	Port Dock railway station	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge, also known as the IC Bridge or the East Omaha Bridge, is a rail through truss double swing bridge across the Missouri River connecting Council Bluffs, Iowa, with Omaha, Nebraska.	Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qater Yuran-e Sofla (Persian: قاطريوران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qāţer Yūrān-e Soflá; also known as Haft Barādar) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qater Yuran-e Sofla	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telese Terme, called simply Telese until 1991, is a city and comune in the Province of Benevento, in the Campania region of southern Italy.	Telese Terme	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Hashtal (Persian: بالاهشتل‎, also Romanized as Bālā Hashtal; also known as Hashtal) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Hashtal	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buxa is a village in the Alipurduar district of West Bengal within Buxa Tiger Reserve.	Buxa	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pictou County Wellness Centre is a, multi-purpose sporting facility located in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia.	Pictou County Wellness Centre	New Glasgow, Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shareh Khvor (Persian: شره خور‎) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shareh Khvor	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zrąb-Kolonia (ˈzrɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zrąb-Kolonia	Gmina Skierbieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakefield Park Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing a portion of a late-19th/early-20th century planned development in western Wakefield, Massachusetts.	Wakefield Park Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Farm (25 acres/10.1 ha), home to the American Horticultural Society (AHS) headquarters, is a historic landscape located at 7931 East Boulevard Drive, Alexandria, Virginia.	River Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zimotki (ʑiˈmɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zimotki	Gmina Przykona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosscarrock is a residential neighbourhood in the south-west quadrant of Calgary, Alberta.	Rosscarrock	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nemch (Persian: نمچ‎, also Romanized as Namch; also known as Namsh, Nemj, and Nemsh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nemch	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steady Brook (2011 population:408) is a Canadian town in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Steady Brook	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lingling District (simplified Chinese: 零陵区; traditional Chinese: 零陵區; pinyin: Línglíng Qū; literally: ``zero hill'') is one of two districts of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Lingling District	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golbahar-e Mohammad Baqeri (Persian: گل بهارمحمدباقري‎, also Romanized as Golbahār-e Moḩammad Bāqerī, Gol Bahār-e Moḩammad Bāqer, and Gol Bahar Mohammad Bagheri) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Golbahar-e Mohammad Baqeri	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barn Bluff is a mountain located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Barn Bluff	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilayeh (Persian: گيلايه‎, also Romanized as Gīlāyeh) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gilayeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasilla Airport (IATA: WWA, ICAO: PAWS, FAA LID: IYS) is a city-owned public-use airport located about 3.5 miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Wasilla, a city in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Wasilla Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amiriyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان اميريه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Amiriyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocewia Duża (kɔˈt͡sɛvja ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kocewia Duża	Gmina Chodów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skouze Hill (Greek: Λόφος Σκουζέ) (38°00′N 23°43′E) is a hill located in Athens.	Skouze Hill	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suwannee County Airport (FAA LID: 24J) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of the city of Live Oak in Suwannee County, Florida, United States.	Suwannee County Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanvaches or Llanfaches is a village and community parish within the boundaries of the city of Newport, Wales.	Llanvaches	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Ridge High School is a six-year comprehensive community public high school with an integrated two-year middle school located in the borough of Park Ridge in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in seventh through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Park Ridge Public Schools.	Park Ridge High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal River Tourist Camp (formerly Crystal River Cave Court, today Cave Courts Motel) is a motor inn built in 1932 in Cave City, Arkansas.	Crystal River Tourist Camp	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watchung Reservation is the largest park in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Watchung Reservation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Lisów ((kɔˈlɔɲa ˈlisuf); translation: Colony of Foxes) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kolonia Lisów	Gmina Herby
located in the administrative territorial entity	SOARING is a public art work by American artist Lyle London, located in Reiman Plaza at Alverno College on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	SOARING	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murekord (Persian: موركرد‎, also Romanized as Mūrekord; also known as Morekord) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Murekord	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Water Country USA is a water theme park in York County, Virginia, about 3 miles (5 km) southeast of Williamsburg, Virginia, USA.	Water Country USA	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voorhees Township Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Voorhees Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Voorhees Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belekeri is a village in Ankola, Karnataka, India, and is known for its fish.	Belekeri	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	KULF (1090 kHz) is an AM daytimer radio station based in Bellville, Texas broadcasting a Spanish music format known as ``Radio Luz''.	KULF	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Westbury Gardens is the former estate of John Shaffer Phipps (1874--1958), heir to a U.S. Steel fortune, in Nassau County, New York at 71 Old Westbury Road in Old Westbury, New York.	Old Westbury Gardens	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Max-Planck-Institut für Sozialrecht und Sozialpolitik, or the Max Planck Institute for Social Law and Social Policy, is a research facility located in Maxvorstadt, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Max-Planck-Institut für Sozialrecht und Sozialpolitik	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossabeg or Crosabeg (Irish: Na Crosa Beaga) is a small village in County Wexford, Ireland, just north of Wexford town.	Crossabeg	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middlesex County Hospital was a hospital operated by Middlesex County which was operational from the 1930s until 2001 in Waltham and Lexington, Massachusetts.	Middlesex County Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mielenko Drawskie ((mjɛˈlɛnkɔ ˈdrafskʲɛ); German: Klein Mellen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mielenko Drawskie	Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catawba Valley Community College is a public community college in Hickory, North Carolina.	Catawba Valley Community College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walleralm is an alp with a mountain inn (Berggasthaus) that lies at a height of 1,170 metres (3,840 ft) above sea level at the foot of the Zettenkaiserkopf, a fore peak of the Zettenkaiser in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Walleralm	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Lakes State Park is a New York State Park located east of Syracuse in the Town of Manlius.	Green Lakes State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castellazzo Bormida (Ël Castlass in Piedmontese, and Castlass an Burmia or Castlas an Burmia locally) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Turin and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) southwest of Alessandria.	Castellazzo Bormida	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyllievång is a neighbourhood of Malmö in Sweden, situated in Väster, Malmö Municipality.	Hyllievång	Väster, Malmö
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podkosacze (pɔtkɔˈsat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podkosacze	Gmina Wizna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warisaliganj is a Town and a Nagar Panchayat in Nawada district, in the Indian state of Bihar.	Warisaliganj	Nawada district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanding Municipal Airport (IATA: BDG, ICAO: KBDG, FAA LID: BDG) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Blanding, a city in San Juan County, Utah, United States.	Blanding Municipal Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singarathoppe is a small village near East Fort in the Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala state, south India.	Singarathoppe	Thiruvananthapuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jishou (Chinese: 吉首; pinyin: Jíshǒu) is a county-level city and the seat of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Hunan province, China.	Jishou	Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	RES - The School for Renewable Energy Science (Icelandic: RES - Orkuskólinn) is a private, non-profit, international graduate school located in the city of Akureyri in northern Iceland and shares its facilities with the University of Akureyri.	The School for Renewable Energy Science	Akureyri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keylong (or Kyelong or Kyelang) is the administrative centre of the Lahaul and Spiti district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, 126 km (78 mi) north of Manali and 120 km (75 mi) from the Indo-Tibetan border.	Keylong	Lahaul and Spiti district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Croydon Water Palace was an indoor water park complex that opened in 1990 on Purley Way in Waddon in the London Borough of Croydon, opposite Croydon Airport.	Croydon Water Palace	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alvear Tower is a residential and hotel high rise currently under development on Azucena Villaflor Avenue, east of Dock Two in the upscale Puerto Madero section of Buenos Aires.	Alvear Tower	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1523 (FM 1523) is a 7.976 mi (12.836 km) Farm to Market Road in Culberson County, Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Farm to Market Road 1523	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Duan is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range, overlooking Vicosoprano and the Val Bregaglia, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Duan	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papadindar-e Sofla (Persian: پاپاديندارسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Pāpādīndār-e Soflá) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Papadindar-e Sofla	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ord Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of southern California, USA.	Ord Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płotówko (pwɔˈtufkɔ) (German: Klein Platenheim; Kashubian: Môłé Płótowò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Płotówko	Gmina Bytów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopernica nad Jeziorem (kɔpɛrˈnit͡sa ˌnad jɛˈʑɔrɛm) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kopernica nad Jeziorem	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkh Dan (Persian: سرخ دان‎, also Romanized as Sorkh Dān and Sorkhdān) is a village in Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District, Jaghin District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sorkh Dan	Jaghin-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Agata sui Due Golfi is an Italian village, the major hamlet (frazione) of the municipality of Massa Lubrense in the Province of Naples, Campania region.	Sant'Agata sui Due Golfi	Massa Lubrense
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julian Price Memorial Park is a park of 4,200 acres (17 km2) at the foot of Grandfather Mountain in North Carolina, named in honor of Julian Price.	Julian Price Memorial Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naz Dasht (Persian: نازدشت‎, also Romanized as Nāz Dasht) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Naz Dasht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi-purpose arena at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts.	Case Gym	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delatite River, an inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower South Eastern Highlands bioregion and Northern Country/North Central regions of the Australian state of Victoria.	Delatite River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazanuyeh (Persian: پازنويه‎, also Romanized as Pāzanūyeh; also known as Pāznū) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pazanuyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adampur (Punjabi: ਆਦਮਪੁਰ, Hindi: आदमपुर) is a city and a municipal council in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab.	Adampur	Jalandhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coolafancy (Irish: Cúl na Fuinse) is a village in County Wicklow in Ireland.	Coolafancy	County Wicklow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nightmute Airport (IATA: NME, ICAO: PAGT, FAA LID: IGT) is a state-owned public-use airport located southeast of the central business district of Nightmute, a village in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Nightmute Airport	Bethel Census Area
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horijeh (Persian: حريجه‎, also Romanized as Ḩorījeh and Ḩarījeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Horijeh	Jahad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easley High School Auditorium is a historic building built in 1909 in Easley, South Carolina and now on the National Register of Historic Places.	Easley High School Auditorium	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griggs Field at James S. Malosky Stadium located on the campus of the University of Minnesota Duluth in Duluth, Minnesota is the home stadium, since 1966, of the UMD Bulldogs football team and of the UMD women's soccer since 1994.	Griggs Field at James S. Malosky Stadium	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyględówek (vɨɡlɛnˈduvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wyględówek	Gmina Wierzbno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Cerritos Wetlands is located on the border of Los Angeles County and Orange County, spanning the cities of Long Beach, California, and Seal Beach, California, not far from the mouth of the San Gabriel River near the Pacific Ocean.	Los Cerritos Wetlands	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caesar Hoskins Log Cabin, is located in Mauricetown section of Commercial Township, Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.	Caesar Hoskins Log Cabin	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James L. Mathewson Exhibition Center is a publicly owned 3,155-seat multi-purpose arena on the Missouri State Fairgrounds in Sedalia, Missouri.	Mathewson Exhibition Center	Sedalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulefos Jernværk is an iron foundry located at Ulefoss in the municipality Nome, Norway.	Ulefos Jernværk	Ulefoss
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopienie-Jeże (wɔˈpjɛɲɛ ˈjɛʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łopienie-Jeże	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiepojcie (kʲɛˈpɔi̯t͡ɕɛ) (German: Eszergallen until 1936, 1936-38 Eschergallen, 1938-45 Äschenbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kiepojcie	Gmina Dubeninki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Kola-ye Arazlu (Persian: حاجي كلاارزلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā-ye Ārazlū; also known as Ḩājī Kolā, Ḩājjī Kalā, Ḩājjī Kolā, and Ḩājjī Kolā Sanam) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hajji Kola-ye Arazlu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulor (Persian: كولر‎, also Romanized as Kūlor) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kulor	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Thomas Aquinas Roman Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 38 is a separate Catholic school authority in Central Alberta and is more commonly referred to as STAR Catholic Schools (an acronym used for St. Thomas Aquinas Roman).	St. Thomas Aquinas Roman Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 38	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehurst is a village in the Rother District of East Sussex, England, within the civil parish of Salehurst and Robertsbridge.	Salehurst	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spences Bridge is a community in the Canadian province of British Columbia, situated 23 miles north east of Lytton and 32 miles from Ashcroft.	Spences Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e 12 Emam (Persian: شهرك 12امام‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e 12 Emām) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e 12 Emam	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLTJ (92.9 FM), is a Hot Adult Contemporary music format radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WLTJ	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firefly Ranch Airfield (FAA LID: OG25) is a private airport located 5 miles northwest of White City in Jackson County, Oregon, USA.	Firefly Ranch Airfield	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gehoon Kheri is an Indian village located in the taluk of Bakani, district of Jhalawar, in the State of Rajasthan.	Gehoon Kheri	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będkowo (bɛntˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Będkowo	Gmina Trzebnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyzy (ˈpɨzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pyzy	Gmina Mońki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaba Sukhteh (Persian: قباسوخته‎, also Romanized as Qabā Sūkhteh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qaba Sukhteh	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jim Hill High School is a public high school located in Jackson, Mississippi (USA), hosting the state's first and only International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB) program, a vigorous international curriculum dedicated to educating its students in worldly academic excellence.	Jim Hill High School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachin Rural District (Persian: دهستان گچين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gachin Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlantic Municipal Airport (IATA: AIO, ICAO: KAIO) is a general aviation airport located two miles (3 km) west of the central business district (CBD) of Atlantic, a city in Cass County, Iowa, USA.	Atlantic Municipal Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bellingham Railway Museum in Bellingham, Washington, USA, displays a pictorial and text history of railroad traffic in Bellingham and Whatcom/Skagit Counties, as well as a large electric model railroad, an exhibit of railroad lanterns, and a train simulator based on Microsoft Train Simulator software.	Bellingham Railway Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Darvish Sheybani (Persian: مشاع درويش شيباني‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Darvīsh Sheybānī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Darvish Sheybani	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahr (Persian: جهر‎, also Romanized as Jehār) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jahr	Anduhjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spean Bridge railway station is a railway station serving the village of Spean Bridge in the Highland region of Scotland.	Spean Bridge railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Area Ridge Trail (Ridge Trail) is a planned 550+-mile multi-use trail (currently over 365 miles are complete) along the hill and mountain ridgelines ringing the San Francisco Bay Area, in Northern California.	Bay Area Ridge Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Locate Varesino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Como.	Locate Varesino	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laketown Moravian Brethren's Church (also known as Lake Auburn Moravian Church) is a historic church on County Highway 11 in Victoria, Minnesota, United States.	Laketown Moravian Brethren's Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanmore is a suburban residential district of northwest London in the London Borough of Harrow.	Stanmore	London Borough of Harrow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward C. Waller Apartments are located from 2840 to 2858 W. Walnut Street in Chicago, Illinois.	Waller Apartments	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKNU is a commercial country music radio station in Springfield, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 93.3 FM.	KKNU	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	After Alaska was established as a customs district by legislation in 1868, a deputy collector was posted to Fort Tongass as well as to Fort Wrangel, meant to intercept prospectors and commercial traffic bound for the goldfields of the Stikine River inland in British Columbia, and a revenue cutter was stationed in the area's waters.	Fort Tongass	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mięsośnia (mjɛ̃ˈsɔɕɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mięsośnia	Gmina Głowno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnes Hall is a student-services building located in the center of the Cornell University campus in Ithaca, New York.	Barnes Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel H. Boardman State Scenic Corridor is a linear state park in southwestern Oregon, in the United States.	Samuel H. Boardman State Scenic Corridor	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muskegon Pier Light or South Pierhead Light is a lighthouse located in the harbor of Muskegon, Michigan.	Muskegon Pier Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kin Nahasbas is a Chacoan Anasazi great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Canyon, 25 miles southwest of Nageezi, New Mexico, United States.	Kin Nahasbas	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Breakers, opened in 1905, is a large historic Lake Erie resort hotel located at 1 Cedar Point Drive in the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.	Hotel Breakers	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Tushmal (Persian: ده توشمال‎, also Romanized as Deh Tūshmāl) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Tushmal	Darreh Seydi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdan Suski (ˈmai̯dan ˈsuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Majdan Suski	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Mosheyleysh (Persian: ابومشيلش‎, also Romanized as Abū Mosheyleysh, Aboo Meshilesh, and Abū Mashīlīsh) is a village in Muran Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Mosheyleysh	Muran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharabian (Persian: شربيان‎; also Romanized as Sharabīān, Sharabeyān, and Sharabīyān) is a city in Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sharabian	Mehraban District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cira Centre South is a complex of two skyscrapers under construction in the University City district of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which is across the Schuylkill River from Center City Philadelphia.	Cira Centre South	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elvira Drew Three-Decker is an historic three-decker at 42 Abbott Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Elvira Drew Three-Decker	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lansing Park North is a public park in Haslett, Michigan covering about 410 acres (1.7 km2).	Lake Lansing Park North	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thayer Academy (TA) is a private, co-educational, college-preparatory day school located in Braintree, Massachusetts, United States.	Thayer Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 3479 (FM 3479) is a short farm to market road in northern Fort Worth, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 3479	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ringarooma is a small town in north-eastern Tasmania.	Ringarooma	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grębynice (ɡrɛmbɨˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Grębynice	Gmina Zielonki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyramidenspitze is a mountain, 1,998 metres high, of the Kaisergebirge in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Pyramidenspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saredon is a civil parish in South Staffordshire district, Staffordshire, England, situated to the north east of Wolverhampton, West Midlands, and to the south west of Cannock.	Saredon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lieberose Photovoltaic Park is a 70.8-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power plant in Lieberose, Brandenburg, Germany.	Lieberose Photovoltaic Park	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuendumu (22°15′S 131°47′E) is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Yuendumu	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: ميانه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīyāneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Miyaneh-ye Sofla	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zeughaus (old Arsenal) in Berlin, Germany is the oldest structure at Unter den Linden.	Zeughaus	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Built in 1914, the Old St. Anastasia Catholic School is a historic school in Fort Pierce, Florida.	Old St. Anastasia Catholic School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Duke House is located at 1 East 78th Street, on the northeast corner at Fifth Avenue, in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	James B. Duke House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinsmore Golf Course, located in Staatsburg, New York, is listed as the third-oldest golf course in the United States, according to the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation.	Dinsmore Golf Course	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hilina Slump is a 5,000 cubic mile (20,000 kilometre³) section of the Big Island of Hawaii on the south flank of the Kilauea volcano.	Hilina Slump	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Molino High School is a public four-year comprehensive high school located at 7050 Covey Road in Forestville, California.	El Molino High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondimohgaon is a village in the tahsil Katol, in Nagpur district, Maharashtra state, India.	Gondimohgaon	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Różyn (ˈruʐɨn) (German: Rosenbeck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Różyn	Gmina Lubomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vindrey (Russian: Виндрей) is a village (selo) in Torbeyevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Vindrey	Torbeyevsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	909 Walnut (formerly Fidelity National Bank & Trust Building, Federal Office Building and 911 Walnut) is a twin-spire, 35-story, 471-foot (144 m) converted structure in Kansas City that is Missouri's tallest apartment building and 10th-tallest habitable building in Missouri.	909 Walnut	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokre-Kolonia (ˈmɔkrɛ kɔˈlɔɲja) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Mokre-Kolonia	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byšičky is administrative part of nearby town Lysá nad Labem.	Byšičky	Lysá nad Labem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majnun-e Olya (Persian: مجنون عليا‎, also Romanized as Majnūn-e ``Olyā) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 39 families.	Majnun-e Olya	Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saraland High School (SHS), located in Saraland, Alabama, is a public high school operated by the Saraland City School System that educates grades 9--12.	Saraland High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Said Khanlu (Persian: سعيدخانلو‎, also Romanized as Sa``īd Khānlū; also known as Sa``īdābād) is a village in Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 32 families.	Said Khanlu	Yurchi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Anna Arresi (Arresi in the Sardinian language) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias in the Italian region of Sardinia, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Carbonia.	Sant'Anna Arresi	Province of Carbonia-Iglesias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concord School House is a historic one-room schoolhouse in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Concord School House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Addus is an archaeological site 5 km northwest of Baalbek in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Addus	Baalbek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramara is a township municipality in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada.	Ramara	Simcoe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Governador Ernani Sátyro, usually known by its nickname Amigão (sometimes called O Amigão), is a multi-purpose stadium in Campina Grande, Brazil.	Amigão	Campina Grande
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay Hana (Persian: لاي حنا‎, also Romanized as Lāy Ḩanā; also known as Lā-ye Hanā and Lāy Janā) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lay Hana	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunter Mountain Fire Tower is located on the summit of the eponymous mountain, second highest of the Catskill Mountains in the U.S. state of New York.	Hunter Mountain Fire Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Corley Wallace State Community College (referred to as Wallace Community College Selma or WCCS) is a community college in Selma, Alabama.	Wallace Community College Selma	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashkalun (Persian: اشكالون‎, also Romanized as Āshkālūn) is a village in Allahabad Rural District, Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ashkalun	Allahabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Schools is a private Christian school, Preschool through 12th grade, located in Shoreline, Washington.	King's Schools	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harimabad (Persian: حريماباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩarīmābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Harimabad	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernasconi Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges, located in Riverside County, California, United States.	Bernasconi Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahchaheh (Persian: چهچهه‎) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chahchaheh	Pasakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lörrach Hauptbahnhof is one of seven stations and halts in Lörrach in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Lörrach Hauptbahnhof	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelembra or Idimuzhikkal is a town near Ramanattukara in Malappuram district, Kerala, India.	Idimuzhikkal	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karpisz (ˈkarpiʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Karpisz	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Cwmbrân (Welsh: Hen Gwmbrân; also known as Cwmbrân Village) is an area of Cwmbrân, Torfaen in Wales, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.	Old Cwmbrân	Torfaen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostunrash (Persian: استون رش‎, also Romanized as Ostūnrash; also known as Sotūnrash) is a village in Shepiran Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ostunrash	Shepiran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Meadow Jewish Center (EMJC) is a Conservative Jewish synagogue located in East Meadow, New York.	East Meadow Jewish Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobieszczyn (dɔˈbjɛʂt͡ʂɨn) (formerly German Entepöl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Police, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Dobieszczyn	Gmina Police
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trutowo (truˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Trutowo	Gmina Kikół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Wolcott was a fortification on the small Goat Island in Newport Harbor of Narragansett Bay less than 1 mile west of the city of Newport, Rhode Island.	Fort Wolcott	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelsö Church (Swedish: Adelsö kyrka) is a church located on the Lake Mälaren island of Adelsö, in Ekerö Municipality in central eastern Sweden.	Adelsö Church	Ekerö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUGS (89.3 FM) is a college radio station in Bellingham, Washington, USA, affiliated with Western Washington University.	KUGS	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camarillo Airport (ICAO: KCMA, FAA LID: CMA) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of Camarillo, a city in Ventura County, California, United States.	Camarillo Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lorenzo de Zavala State Archives and Library Building is a state library and historic landmark in Downtown Austin, Texas.	Lorenzo de Zavala State Archives and Library Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abzaluiyeh (Persian: آب زالوئيه‎, also Romanized as Ābzālū’īyeh; also known as Ābzūlū’īyeh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Abzaluiyeh	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hernesaari Heliport (Finnish: Hernesaaren helikopterikenttä, Swedish: Ärtholmens heliport, ICAO: EFHE) is located at Hernesaari, in Helsinki, Finland.	Hernesaari Heliport	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delvar Rural District (Persian: دهستان دلوار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Delvar District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Delvar Rural District	Delvar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sister Elizabeth Maternity Hospital was a hospital in Brooklyn, New York.	Sister Elizabeth Maternity Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watertown Dam spans the Charles River 980 feet (300 m) upstream from the Watertown Bridge near Watertown Square in Watertown, Massachusetts.	Watertown Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostowice (mɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Mostowice	Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quiet Dell School, also known as West Virginia Mountain Products, Inc. Cooperative, is a historic school building located at Quiet Dell, near Mount Clare, Harrison County, West Virginia.	Quiet Dell School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop John Carroll High School is a secondary school part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia located in Radnor, Pennsylvania.	Archbishop John Carroll High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is in the Karsog Mandal subdivision of Mandi district in Himachal Pradesh in India.	Karsog	Mandi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roselle Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the borough of Roselle, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Roselle Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denshaw is a village in Saddleworth--a civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England.	Denshaw	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berlin Mosque (German: Berliner Moschee, Wilmersdorfer Moschee, Ahmadiyya Moschee) in Berlin is situated on Brienner Straße 7-8 in Berlin-Wilmersdorf.	Berlin Mosque	Wilmersdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor Forest High School is a public high school in the Windsor Forest section of Savannah, Georgia.	Windsor Forest High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radojewice (radɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Radojewice	Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle Creek Sanitarium in Battle Creek, Michigan, United States, was a health resort based on the health principles advocated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church, most notably associated with John Harvey Kellogg.	Battle Creek Sanitarium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Gardner Mountain is a mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state.	North Gardner Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chickasaw Park is a municipal park in Louisville, Kentucky's west end.	Chickasaw Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel Bowditch House, sometimes called the Bowditch-Osgood House and the Curwen-Ward-Bowditch House, is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 9 North Street in Salem, Massachusetts.	Nathaniel Bowditch House	Salem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pourvoirie Mirage Aerodrome (TC LID: CPM3) is located on the Trans-Taiga Road near Mirage Lodge Quebec, Canada.	Pourvoirie Mirage Aerodrome	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Słone (ˈstarɛ ˈswɔnɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Słone	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolki (Persian: تلكي‎, also Romanized as Tolkī) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tolki	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunset Beach Hotel, also referred to as Peters' Sunset Beach Resort, is a historic resort hotel in Glenwood Township, Pope County, Minnesota, 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Glenwood, United States.	Sunset Beach Hotel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorais Velodrome is an abandoned, outdoor velodrome in Dorais Park in Detroit, Michigan, USA.	Dorais Velodrome	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomarzanowice (pɔmaʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pomarzanowice	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac qui Parle is a reservoir located in western Minnesota, United States, which was formed by the damming of the Minnesota River.	Lac qui Parle	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aurora Elks Lodge No. 705 is a Mayan style building on Stolp Island in Aurora, Illinois.	Aurora Elks Lodge No. 705	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacheco State Park is a California State Park to the south of Pacheco Pass in the Diablo Range, located mostly in western Merced County, California but extending into southeastern Santa Clara County and near Hollister in San Benito County.	Pacheco State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Chin (Persian: دره چين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Chīn; also known as Darreh Chi) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Chin	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYKA (104.9 FM) is a radio station serving the Anchorage, Alaska, area.	KYKA	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donbildan (Persian: دنبيلدان‎, also Romanized as Donbīldān) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Donbildan	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New England Dragway is a 1/4 mile NHRA dragway in Epping, New Hampshire, a small town in Rockingham County, United States.	New England Dragway	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kato Pedina is one of the Zagori villages, also known as Zagorochoria, and is in the municipal unit of Central Zagori.	Kato Pedina	Central Zagori
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jones Futures Academy, previously Jesse H. Jones High School, is a public secondary school in South Park, Houston, Texas, United States.	Jones Futures Academy	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hobbs High School (HHS) is located in Hobbs, New Mexico, and has a student population of about 1500 students as of 2009.	Hobbs High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Weston Roman Villa is a Roman villa near Lawrence Weston in the north west of Bristol (grid reference ST533775).	Kings Weston Roman Villa	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodrums' Building, also known as Woodrum Home Outfitting Co. building, is a historic commercial building located at Charleston, West Virginia, United States.	Woodrums' Building	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Oaks Country Club is a country club and subdivision in Houston, Texas, United States in the Alief community.	Royal Oaks Country Club	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gliznowo (ɡlizˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gliznowo	Gmina Lubień Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	WALL (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to Middletown, New York that serves Orange County, New York.	WALL	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konga is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality, Kronoberg County, Sweden with 476 inhabitants in 2010.	Konga	Tingsryd Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Marsh Ski Resort (formerly named Mt. Heidelberg) was a small ski resort and winter sports complex that was located just outside Bernville, 10 miles (16 km) north of Reading, Pennsylvania.	Blue Marsh Ski Resort	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sudeste Rio-Grandense (Southeast of Rio Grande) is one of the seven Mesoregions of the state of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.	Sudeste Rio-Grandense	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Springs High School is a public high school located in rural Nickelsville, Virginia.	Twin Springs High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahlia Hill (DH) is both a protected garden area in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, encompassing 1.41 acres (0.57 ha) of terraced gardens, and the a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization that runs the garden.	Dahlia Hill	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayask Rural District (Persian: دهستان آیسک‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ayask Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massigui is a town and commune in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of southern Mali.	Massigui	Koulikoro Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilroot (from Irish Cill Ruaidh, meaning ``church of the redhead'') is a townland, population centre and civil parish in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Kilroot	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pobłędzie (pɔˈbwɛnd͡ʑɛ) (German: Pablindszen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Pobłędzie	Gmina Dubeninki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anglesey or Ynys Môn (Welsh: Ynys Môn (ˈənɨs ˈmoːn)) is an island off the north-west coast of Wales.	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bivongi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria in the Stilaro Valley, at the feet of the Monte Consolino.	Bivongi	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mineralogical and Geological Museum at Harvard (Harvard Mineralogical Museum being the accepted short form of the name) is located on the grounds of Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts and is one of three museums which collectively comprise the Harvard Museum of Natural History.	Harvard Mineralogical Museum	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yucheng Postal Stop ( simplified Chinese: 盂城驿; traditional Chinese: 盂城驛; pinyin: Yúchéng yì ), also called Yucheng Post is located in the Postal Lane outside the South Gate of Gaoyou, Jiangsu, China, west of the Grand Canal.	Yucheng Postal Stop	Gaoyou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilkinson-Martin House, also known as the Sims House, is a historic Federal style house at 954 North 1st Street in Pulaski, Tennessee.	Wilkinson-Martin House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helena National Forest is located in west-central Montana, in the United States.	Helena National Forest	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaran (Persian: ياران‎, also Romanized as Yārān) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Yaran	Ban Zardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad-e Seyyed (Persian: محمودابادسيد‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Seyyed and Mahmood Abad Seyyed; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād-e Sādāt) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Seyyed	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giliogiris is a village in Rietavas municipality, in Telšiai County, in western Lithuania.	Giliogiris	Rietavas municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWWN (1100 AM) is a radio station licensed to Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.	KWWN	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Hill Airport (IATA: SWH, ICAO: YSWH) is located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) south of Swan Hill, Victoria, Australia.	Swan Hill Airport	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gooseberry River is a 23-mile stream in Lake County, Minnesota, USA, draining into Lake Superior.	Gooseberry River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarochy (jaˈrɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarochy	Gmina Belsk Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willmar Municipal Airport (IATA: ILL, ICAO: KBDH, FAA LID: BDH), also known as John L. Rice Field, is a city-owned public-use airport located west of the central business district of Willmar, a city in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota, United States.	Willmar Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 49 Vinal Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts is a stylish combination of Colonial Revival and Shingle styling.	House at 49 Vinal Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mołczany (mɔu̯ˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Mołczany	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurkhvod (Persian: قورخود‎, also Romanized as Qūrkhvod and Qūrkhūd) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurkhvod	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAQA-LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Morganton, Georgia, serving the Morganton/Mineral Bluff area.	WAQA-LP	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutah Khaneh (Persian: توته خانه‎, also Romanized as Tūtah Khāneh; also known as Tūtā Khāneh) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tutah Khaneh	Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obudno (ɔˈbudnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Obudno	Gmina Gąsawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilanlu Tappeh (Persian: ايلانلوتپه‎, also Romanized as Īlānlū Tappeh) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilanlu Tappeh	Marhemetabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganjgah (Persian: گنجگاه‎, also Romanized as Ganjgāh; also known as Janchāy, Jandchāi, Jand Chāy, Jandchāy, and Kandzha) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ganjgah	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaimy (kaimɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kaimy	Gmina Jedwabne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotia is a village located in Kanina tehsil, district Mahendragarh, Haryana.	Kotia	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheffield Avenue is a north-south street in Chicago, Illinois.	Sheffield Avenue	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzard (Persian: دارزرد‎, also Romanized as Dārzard) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darzard	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teviot Range, also referred to as the Flinders Peak Group, is a mountain range located on the northern edge of the Scenic Rim Region, south west of Logan City and south east of the City of Ipswich in South East Queensland, Australia.	Teviot Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furthermore, Oberweißbach is the location of the municipal administration Bergbahnregion/Schwarzatal with communities of Cursdorf, Deesbach, Katzhütte, Oberweißbach and Meuselbach-Schwarzmühle.	Oberweißbach	Bergbahnregion/Schwarzatal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Starke Round Barn near Red Cloud, Nebraska, United States, is a round barn that was built in 1902.	Starke Round Barn	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyryki-Wola (vɨˈrɨki ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wyryki-Wola	Gmina Wyryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołaki-Strumienie (kɔˈwaki struˈmjɛɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kołaki-Strumienie	Gmina Mały Płock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CFE Federal Credit Union Arena (CFE Arena) (formerly known as the UCF Arena) is a sports and entertainment arena located in Orlando, Florida on the main campus of The University of Central Florida.	CFE Arena	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoke Abbott is a village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Beaminster.	Stoke Abbott	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweet Hollow Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian church parsonage at 152 Old Country Road in Melville, Suffolk County, New York.	Sweet Hollow Presbyterian Church Parsonage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambalaseri is a village in Tuticorin District in the southern region of Tamil Nadu, India.	Ambalaseri	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalv-e Nazar (Persian: دلونظر‎, also Romanized as Dalv-e Naz̧ar and Dalv Naz̧ar; also known as Dar Nazar) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dalv-e Nazar	Qeshlaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oorpally is a small village near Koyileri, Mananthavady on the banks of the river Kabini in the Wayanad district of Kerala state, south India.	Oorpally	Wayanad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osia Góra (ˈɔɕa ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Osia Góra	Gmina Dzikowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasienin (kraˈɕenin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krasienin	Gmina Niemce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dial Range is a small mountain range in northwest Tasmania, south of the town of Penguin near the coast.	Dial Range	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Col. John Streett House is a historic home located at Street, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Col. John Streett House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandravati (Hindi: चन्द्रावती), popularly known as Chandroti, is a village situated near Abu Road on the bank of the West Banas River in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Chandravati	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alarazbum (Persian: الارزبوم‎, also Romanized as Alārazbūm and Alārz Būm; also known as Alārazbīm) is a village in Shohada Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Alarazbum	Shohada Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkholme-with-Cawood is a civil parish of the City of Lancaster in Lancashire, England.	Arkholme-with-Cawood	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madan-e Sughan (Persian: معدن صوغان‎, also Romanized as Maʿdan-e Şūghān; also known as Maʿdan-e Şūqān) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Madan-e Sughan	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraggenburg is a settlement in the Noordoostpolder area of the Netherlands, with 1500 inhabitants.	Kraggenburg	Noordoostpolder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toro Peak, in Southern California, is the highest mountain in the Santa Rosa Mountain Range.	Toro Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sękocin Nowy (sɛŋˈkɔt͡ɕin ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sękocin Nowy	Gmina Raszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savoj Bolagh (Persian: ساوج بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Sāvoj Bolāgh; also known as Sāvoj Bolāghī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Savoj Bolagh	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busad (Persian: بوسعد‎, also Romanized as Būsa``d; also known as Bū Sa``īd) is a village in Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District, Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Busad	Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeffries Ford Covered Bridge was southwest of Bridgeton, Indiana.	Jeffries Ford Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hennepin Canal Parkway State Park, also just called the Hennepin Canal, is an abandoned waterway in northwest Illinois, between the Mississippi River at Rock Island and the Illinois River near Hennepin.	Hennepin Canal Parkway State Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokyo Bay NK Hall was an indoor sporting arena located at the Tokyo Disney Resort in Urayasu, Chiba, in Japan.	Tokyo Bay NK Hall	Urayasu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trap Pond State Park is a 3653 acre (8.5 km²) Delaware state park located near Laurel, Delaware.	Trap Pond State Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludlow Tent Colony Site is an area in Ludlow, Colorado associated with the Ludlow Massacre that was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on January 16, 2009.	Ludlow Tent Colony Site	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergen-Enkheim is a city district and an Ortsbezirk of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Bergen-Enkheim	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Hebert is a small tidal river that empties into the Cumberland Basin, and is contained completely within Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.	River Hebert	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowodziel (nɔˈvɔd͡ʑel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nowodziel	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tuggeranong College is an Australian Capital Territory public school catering to Year 11 and 12 students (aged between 16 and 18 years).	Lake Tuggeranong College	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzemieczne-Wiosny (stʂɛˈmjɛt͡ʂnɛ ˈvjɔsnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzemieczne-Wiosny	Gmina Młynarze
located in the administrative territorial entity	DCP El Primero High School is a public charter high school in San Jose, California.	DCP El Primero High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norlin Quadrangle Historic District comprises the core of the main campus of the University of Colorado campus in Boulder, Colorado.	Norlin Quadrangle Historic District	Boulder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Darab Khan (Persian: قلعه داراب خان‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Dārāb Khān) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 541, in 119 families.	Qaleh-ye Darab Khan	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borowno (bɔˈrɔvnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Borowno	Gmina Mykanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pembrey (Welsh: Pen-bre) is a village in Carmarthenshire, Wales, situated between Burry Port and Kidwelly, overlooking Carmarthen Bay.	Pembrey	Carmarthenshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galuzardab (Persian: گلوزرداب‎, also Romanized as Galūzardāb; also known as Gol Zardeh and Gol Zardū) is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galuzardab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kierpajny Małe (kʲɛrˈpai̯nɨ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Körpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kierpajny Małe	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myjomice (mɨjɔˈmit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Myjomice	Gmina Kępno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Boneh Kolaghi (Persian: شهرك بنه كلاغي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Boneh Kolāghī) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Boneh Kolaghi	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Gravel Pit is a 1.1 hectare nature reserve east of Barton-le-Clay in Bedfordshire.	Barton Gravel Pit	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pemigewasset Wilderness is a 45,000-acre (182 km2) federally designated Wilderness Area in the heart of New Hampshire's White Mountains.	Pemigewasset Wilderness	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site is a state-owned property located north of Sedalia, Missouri, United States, preserving the 31-room, 12,000-square-foot summer home, Bothwell Lodge, built for Sedalia attorney John Homer Bothwell.	Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	300 East Pratt Street is a hotel under construction in Baltimore, Maryland.	300 East Pratt Street	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raymond H. Fogler Library is an academic library at the University of Maine in Orono.	Raymond H. Fogler Library	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warm Springs Natural Area, also known as the Warm Springs Ranch, is located near the Moapa Indian Reservation in Clark County, Nevada, at an elevation of 2,123 feet (647 m).	Warm Springs Natural Area	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metakha Gewog (Dzongkha: སྨད་བཏབ་ཁ་) is a gewog (village block) of Chukha District, Bhutan.	Metakha Gewog	Chukha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trdkova (pronounced (ˈtəɾtkɔʋa); Hungarian: Türke) is a village in the Municipality of Kuzma in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Trdkova	Kuzma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great War Flying Museum is an aviation museum located at the Brampton Airport (CNC3) in Caledon, Ontario Canada.	Great War Flying Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirikot is a Mashwani village in Haripur District and Ghazi Tehsil, in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province at 34°10'60N 73°43'50E.	Sirikot	Haripur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardna (ˈɡardna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gardna	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Airlines Flight 587 was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Santo Domingo's Las Américas International Airport in the Dominican Republic.	American Airlines Flight 587	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morton-on-Swale is a large village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Morton-on-Swale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapar Pord (Persian: چپرپرد‎; also known as Chapar Pord-e Pā’īn and Chapar Pūr) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chapar Pord	Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scholastic Building at 557 Broadway between Prince and Spring Streets in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was the first new building to be constructed in the SoHo-Cast Iron Historic District, replacing a one-story garage built in 1954.	Scholastic Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruiten station is one of the two stations of the Bergian city of Haan in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Gruiten station	Haan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clevedon Court is a manor house on Court Hill in Clevedon, North Somerset, England, dating from the early 14th century.	Clevedon Court	North Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arncott or Arncot is a village and civil parish about 3 1⁄2 miles (5.6 km) southeast of Bicester in Oxfordshire.	Arncott	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Bolimowska-Wieś (kɔˈlɔɲa bɔliˈmɔfska ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Bolimowska-Wieś	Gmina Bolimów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybinka (rɨˈbinka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rybinka	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mutschellen is the name of a pass in the canton of Aargau in the district of Bremgarten near the border of canton Zurich.	Mutschellen	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Veghten's Bridge is a bridge spanning the Raritan River in Somerset County, New Jersey, connecting the Finderne section of Bridgewater with Manville.	Van Veghten's Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anápolis is a Brazilian municipality of the State of Goiás.	Anápolis	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasna Góra (ˈkrasna ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krasna Góra	Opole County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown-Moore Blacksmith Shop is a historic blacksmith shop located at Luzerne Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Brown-Moore Blacksmith Shop	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Amlak (Persian: حاجي اباداملاك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Āmlāḵ; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Amlak	Ferunabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMJM-FM (100.3 FM, ``The Beat'') is a radio station serving the area of St. Louis, Missouri, USA, with a Classic hip hop format.	KMJM-FM	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasrian (Persian: قصريان‎, also Romanized as Qaşrīān, Qaşreyān, and Qasrīyān) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qasrian	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rooster Rock State Park is a state park located east of Corbett, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Rooster Rock State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Canyon Lake is a lake built by Arizona Game and Fish Department for angler recreation.	Bear Canyon Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John McMahon House is a Federal style mansion located in Courtland, Alabama.	John McMahon House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velekinca or Velekincë is a village in the municipality of Gnjilane, Kosovo.	Velekinca	Gnjilane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albany Free School alumni have continued into occupations including development director at an alternative education organization, and an undersecretary for the Governor of New York.	Albany Free School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Onawa IOOF Opera House, also known as the Onawa Opera House, is a historic opera house located in Onawa, Iowa.	Onawa IOOF Opera House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tupraq Qaleh (Persian: توپراق قلعه‎, also Romanized as Tūprāq Qal``eh and Towprāq Qal``eh) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,831, in 476 families.	Tupraq Qaleh	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJA9), is located on Lost Lake near Hudson, in the Kenora District of Ontario, Canada.	Hudson Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dominguez Rancho Adobe is California Historical Landmark Number 152, and in 1976 was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior.	Dominguez Rancho Adobe	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saxony-Anhalt (German: Sachsen-Anhalt, pronounced (ˌzaksn̩ ˈanhalt)) is a landlocked federal state of Germany surrounded by the federal states of Lower Saxony, Brandenburg, Saxony and Thuringia.	Saxony-Anhalt	Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Hatteras National Seashore is a United States national seashore which preserves the portion of the Outer Banks of North Carolina from Bodie Island to Ocracoke Island, stretching over 70 miles (110 km), and is managed by the National Park Service.	Cape Hatteras National Seashore	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banten is the westernmost province on the island of Java, in Indonesia.	Banten	Indonesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madras Cooperative Farm (Persian: مزرعه تعاوني مدرس‎ -- Mazra``eh-ye Tʿāvanī Madras) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Madras Cooperative Farm	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toothill Fort, or Toothill Ring, or Toothill camp, is the site of an Iron Age univallate hill fort located in Hampshire.	Toothill Fort	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapienno (vaˈpʲɛnːɔ) (German: Wappin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wapienno	Gmina Barcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Country State Forest is a state forest in the west-central Upper Peninsula of Michigan.	Copper Country State Forest	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darlington Nuclear Generating Station is a Canadian nuclear power station located on the north shore of Lake Ontario in Clarington, Ontario.	Darlington Nuclear Generating Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgar Thomson Steel Works is a steel mill in the Pittsburgh area community of North Braddock, Pennsylvania, United States.	Edgar Thomson Steel Works	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wright Morris Boyhood House is a vernacular style house built in 1893 in Central City Nebraska.	Wright Morris Boyhood House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southwest Branch Indian River is a short stream in Addison, Maine.	Southwest Branch Indian River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roehampton is a suburban district in southwest London, forming the western end of the London Borough of Wandsworth.	Roehampton	London Borough of Wandsworth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valencia de Jesús is a Colombian town and corregimiento of Valledupar in the Department of Cesar.	Valencia de Jesús	Valledupar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahr Farm is a historic home and farm located in Warwick Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Lahr Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caliente Railroad Depot is a historic Mission Revival Style railway station, located in Caliente, Lincoln County, Nevada.	Caliente Railroad Depot	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Domshof (Cathedral Court) is a town square in Bremen, north of the cathedral and the Marktplatz.	Domshof	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalian Rural District (Persian: دهستان زاليان‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zalian Rural District	Zalian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azusa Pacific University (APU) is a private, Wesleyan-Holiness, evangelical Christian university located near Los Angeles in suburban Azusa, California, United States.	Azusa Pacific University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rearquhar is a township, which lies in the valley of the River Evelix, 4 miles northwest from Dornoch, in Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Rearquhar	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 197 Morrison Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts is the city's finest example of vernacular Gothic Revival architecture.	House at 197 Morrison Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDGG (93.7 FM) is one of several country music formatted radio stations in the Huntington, West Virginia, Ashland, Kentucky, and Ironton, Ohio, market area.	WDGG	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bembridge House, also known as Green-Rankin-Bembridge House, is a registered historic building located across from Drake Park in Long Beach, California, United States.	Bembridge House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changyuan County (simplified Chinese: 长垣县; traditional Chinese: 長垣縣; pinyin: Chángyuán Xiàn) is a county in Xinxiang, Henan province, China.	Changyuan County	Xinxiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marcus Nanotechnology Building (MNB) is a Georgia Institute of Technology facility.	Marcus Nanotechnology Building	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park East Day School (officially called Rabbi Arthur Schneier Park East Day School) is a traditional Jewish day school, located on the upper east side of the Borough of Manhattan, in New York City.	Park East Day School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rastgordan (Persian: راستگردان‎, also Romanized as Rāstgordān; also known as Rāst Kordān) is a village in Esfandan Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Rastgordan	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horenychi (Ukrainian: Гореничі) is a village in Ukraine, in the Kiev-Sviatoshyn Raion (district) of the Kiev Oblast.	Horenychi	Kiev-Sviatoshyn Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naples High School is a secondary education school located in Naples, Florida, and is one of eight public high schools located in Collier County.	Naples High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sebala (Persian: سبلا‎, also Romanized as Sebalā) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sebala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Reservation of the federally recognized Omaha tribe is located mostly in Thurston County, Nebraska, with sections in neighboring Cuming and Burt counties, in addition to Monona County in Iowa.	Omaha Reservation	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reric or Rerik was one of the Viking Age multi-ethnic Slavic-Scandinavian emporia on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea, located near Wismar in the present-day German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Reric was built around 700, when Slavs of the Obodrite tribe settled the region.	Reric	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais de la musique et des congrès (official English name: Strasbourg Convention Centre) is a music venue and convention center in the Wacken district of Strasbourg, France, close to the European quarter.	Palais de la musique et des congrès	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnet County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located in Burnet, Burnet County, Texas, United States.	Burnet County Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Wyndham is a local government area in Victoria, Australia in the outer south-western suburbs of Melbourne, between Melbourne and the regional city of Geelong.	City of Wyndham	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugarloaf Mountain (Portuguese: Pão de Açúcar) is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, at the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean.	Sugarloaf Mountain	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gregorio nelle Alpi (Veneto: San Regorio) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Venice and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Belluno.	San Gregorio nelle Alpi	Province of Belluno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Stile is a village in Cumbria, England, located approximately 5 miles northwest of Ambleside, within the Langdale valley.	Chapel Stile	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasgad is a village situated near Pali in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Sarasgad	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubicze (duˈbit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dubicze	Gmina Stara Kornica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Ahmad (Persian: كلاته احمد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Aḩmad) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Ahmad	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henninger High School also has chapters in the National Honor Society, Tri-M Music Honor Society and the only chapter of the National Art Honor Society in Upstate New York	Henninger High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Jacques-sur-Coudenberg (French) or Sint-Jacob-op-Koudenberg (Dutch) is a neoclassical church located in the historic square of Place Royale in central Brussels, Belgium.	Saint Jacques-sur-Coudenberg	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soerendonk, Sterksel en Gastel was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant.	Soerendonk, Sterksel en Gastel	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysoka Kamieńska (vɨˈsɔka kaˈmjɛɲska) (German Wietstock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wysoka Kamieńska	Gmina Golczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Brzóski (ˈstarɛ ˈbʐuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Brzóski	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Seyyed (Persian: گل سيد‎; also known as Gol Sa``īd) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 37 families.	Gol Seyyed	Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley City Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of 76,000 acres (307 km2).	Valley City Wetland Management District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batman Park is an urban park, located on the northern bank of the Yarra River in central Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Batman Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szkody (ˈʂkɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szkody	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSES-FM is a Spanish adult hits-formatted radio station licensed to Seaside, California, broadcasting to the Santa Cruz area on 107.1 MHz FM.	KSES-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardowie Castle is located 2 miles east of Milngavie, in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Bardowie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castleton Bridge is a cantilever truss bridge over the Hudson River, connecting Coeymans, Albany County with Schodack, Rensselaer County in New York.	Castleton Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mandeville Inn was a structure that stood at 493 Newark-Pompton Turnpike in Pequannock Township, New Jersey, United States.	Mandeville Inn	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Historic Trails Interpretive Center (NHTIC) is a 11,000-square-foot (1,000 m2) interpretive center about several of the National Historic Trails, and is located northwest of Casper, Wyoming on Interstate 25.	National Historic Trails Interpretive Center	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irondequoit Bay is a large body of water located in northeastern Monroe County, New York.	Irondequoit Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shungnak Airport (IATA: SHG, ICAO: PAGH, FAA LID: SHG) is a state-owned public-use airport located in Shungnak, a city in the Northwest Arctic of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Shungnak Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hadjigeorgakis Kornesios Mansion is situated near the Archbishopric, in the neighbourhood of Saint Antonios in Nicosia, Cyprus, where the wealthy notables of the Greek community traditionally used to live.	Hadjigeorgakis Kornesios Mansion	Nicosia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ludwig von Mises Institute (LvMI), often referred to as the Mises Institute, is a tax-exempt libertarian organization located in Auburn, Alabama, United States.	Ludwig von Mises Institute	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spiridon Peninsula is a mountainous peninsula on the northwest side of Kodiak Island, Alaska on the Shelikof Strait situated between Uganik Bay and Uyak Bay.	Spiridon Peninsula	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojaq Alazar (Persian: اوجاق الازار‎, also Romanized as Ojāq Ālāzār; also known as Alazar, Ālz̄ar, and Ojāq) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ojaq Alazar	Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood Street Village is a clustered and linear village in Surrey, England with a village green, buffered by Metropolitan Green Belt on all sides.	Wood Street Village	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Montgomery Flagg House is an historic house on St. Martin's Lane in the Biddeford Pool area of Biddeford, York County, Maine.	James Montgomery Flagg House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gasholkhi (Persian: گاشلخي‎, also Romanized as Gāsholkhī) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gasholkhi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanbabo (Welsh: Church of Pabo) is a small village two miles north west of Llannerch-y-medd in Anglesey, Wales.	Llanbabo	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madera Canyon (English: ``Lumber Gorge'') is a canyon in the northwestern face of the Santa Rita Mountains, twenty-five miles southeast of Tucson, Arizona.	Madera Canyon	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flandreau Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation, belonging to the federally recognized Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe of South Dakota.	Flandreau Indian Reservation	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronki (ˈbrɔnki) (German: Breunken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bronki	Gmina Wilczęta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band Bast-e Bala (Persian: بندبست بالا‎, also Romanized as Band Bast-e Bālā; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Harm Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Band Bast-e Bala	Harm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharvand (Persian: شاروند‎, also Romanized as Shārvand; also known as Sharband) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sharvand	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiribam is a town and a municipal council in Imphal East district in the Indian state of Manipur.The town is located on the western most boundary of the State, adjoining Cachar district of Assam.	Jiribam	Imphal East district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Charrúa is a multi-use stadium in the Carrasco neighborhood of Montevideo, Uruguay used mostly for football and rugby union matches.	Estadio Charrúa	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugh Taylor Birch State Park is a Florida State Park located in Fort Lauderdale, on East Sunrise Boulevard (SR 838), between the Intracoastal Waterway and SR A1A.	Hugh Taylor Birch State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buszynko Pierwsze (buˈʂɨnkɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Buszynko Pierwsze	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kużawka (kuˈʐafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kużawka	Gmina Terespol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outrup (or Ovtrup) is a town in Varde Municipality in the Region of Southern Denmark.	Outrup	Varde Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oksøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Oksøy fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located off Kristiansand, Norway.	Oksøy Lighthouse	Kristiansand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochon Sands is a summer village on Buffalo Lake in central Alberta, Canada.	Rochon Sands	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markowce (marˈkɔft͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Марківці, Markivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Markowce	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solnica (sɔlˈnit͡sa) (German: Lakendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Solnica	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodland Regional High School is a high school located in the western part of Beacon Falls, Connecticut, near the town line shared with Oxford.	Woodland Regional High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Oaks General Hospital is a community hospital in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Seven Oaks General Hospital	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glan-Münchweiler station (officially called Glanmünchweiler until 1900 and also from 1943 to 1947) is the station of the town of Glan-Münchweiler in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Glan-Münchweiler station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJNW-FM (Hot 107, stylized as HOT 107) is a Canadian radio station, that broadcasts a rhythmic top 40 format at 107.1 FM in Edmonton, Alberta.	CJNW-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunntown Cemetery is an old cemetery in Naugatuck, Connecticut which was established in 1790.	Gunntown Cemetery	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burgumer Mar (Dutch: Bergumermeer) is a lake near the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland.	Burgumer Mar	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCMO (98.5 FM) is a student operated radio station licensed to Marietta, Ohio, USA.	WCMO	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The École Militaire (French pronunciation: ​(ekɔl militɛʁ), Military School) is a vast complex of buildings housing various military training facilities located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France, southeast of the Champ de Mars.	École Militaire	7th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karren is a mountain within the city bounds of Dornbirn, in Western Austria.	Karren	Dornbirn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bausman, Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community located in Lancaster Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Bausman, Pennsylvania	Lancaster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villanovafranca, Bidda Noa Franca in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northeast of Sanluri.	Villanovafranca	Province of Medio Campidano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lydiard Tregoze is a small village and civil parish on the western edge of Swindon in the county of Wiltshire, in the south west of England.	Lydiard Tregoze	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radziuszki (raˈd͡ʑuʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Radziuszki	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dillon Memorial is located in LeClaire Park, near downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Dillon Memorial	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braddock's Field is a historic battlefield on the banks of the Monongahela River, at Braddock, Pennsylvania, near the junction of Turtle Creek (Monongahela River), about nine miles southeast of the ``Forks of the Ohio'' in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Braddock's Field	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lodge Corner, Arkansas (also Lodge or Lodges Corner prior to 1950) is an unincorporated community in Arkansas County, Arkansas, United States.	Lodge Corner, Arkansas	Arkansas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSDS is a radio station in Superior Charter Township, Michigan, that broadcasts at 1480 kHz.	WSDS	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arethusa Falls is a waterfall in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States.	Arethusa Falls	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dauphin Lake is located in western Manitoba near the city of Dauphin, Manitoba.	Dauphin Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chutine, originally Chutine Landing, is an abandoned locality and is a former settlement at the confluence of the Chutine and Stikine Rivers in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Chutine	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herronton is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada, within Vulcan County.	Herronton	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Yunes (Persian: پيريونس‎, also Romanized as Pīr Yūnes) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Yunes	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Globe Ranger Station is the principal office of the Globe Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona.	Globe Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santala railway station (abbrev. Sta, Finnish: Santalan seisake and Swedish: Sandö station) is a railway stop in the city of Hanko, Finland along the Hanko-Hyvinkää Railroad.	Santala railway station	Hanko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teabo Municipality (Spanish pronunciation: (teˈaβo)) is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico.	Teabo Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWWH-FM (92.7 FM, ``Paradise 92.7'') is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Haleyville, Alabama, USA.	WWWH-FM	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wordragen is a small Dutch settlement, north of Ammerzoden in the Maasdriel municipality of Gelderland province.	Wordragen	Maasdriel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Jalal-e Shomali (Persian: ابوجلال شمالي‎, also Romanized as Abū Jalāl-e Shomālī and Abū Jalāl-e Shemālī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Jalal-e Shomali	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łochyńsko (wɔˈxɨɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łochyńsko	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciyu (Chinese: 慈峪; pinyin: Cíyù) is a town of Lingshou County in western Hebei province, China, located in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-northwest of the county seat.	Ciyu	Lingshou County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorotheenstadt is a historic zone or neighbourhood (Stadtviertel) of central Berlin, Germany, which forms part of the locality (Ortsteil) of Mitte within the borough (Bezirk) also called Mitte.	Dorotheenstadt	Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sweet Grass Hills (Blackfoot: kátoyissiksi, Cheyenne: vé'ho'ôhtsévóse, Salish: ččaɫalqn , ``three peaks'' ) are a small group of low mountains rising more than 3,000 feet above the surrounding plains southwest of Whitlash, Montana in Liberty and Toole County, Montana.	Sweet Grass Hills	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badjan (Persian: بادجان‎, also Romanized as Bādjān and Bādejān; also known as Bādejān-e Varzaq, Bādgūn, Bādījān, and Bādjān-e Varzaq) is a village in Varzaq Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Badjan	Varzaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pearl Roundabout or Lulu Roundabout (Arabic: دوار اللؤلؤ(ة)‎ Dawwār al-luʾluʾ(ah), ``Roundabout of the pearl(s)'') was a roundabout located near the financial district of Manama, Bahrain.	Pearl Roundabout	Manama
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Charles County Smartt Airport, also known as Smartt Field, is a county owned, public use airport in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.	St. Charles County Smartt Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruz Gireh (Persian: روزگيره‎‎, also Romanized as Rūz Gīreh; also known as Rūzeh Gīreh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ruz Gireh	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirza Rahim (Persian: ميرزارحيم‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Raḥīm) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mirza Rahim	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schleswig station is the station of the city of Schleswig in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Schleswig station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurumbhur, also named as Kurambur or Kurumbur, a Village located at Cheyyar taluk, Thiruvannamalai district of Tamil Nadu	Kurumbhur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bidlake is a Grade II* listed manor house in the parish of Bridestowe on the north western edge of Dartmoor in the county of Devon, England.	Great Bidlake	Bridestowe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinamar Partido is a small partido on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Pinamar Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canon's Town or Canonstown (Ordnance Survey) is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, UK, situated on the A30 main road in Ludgvan civil parish, between Penzance and Hayle.	Canon's Town	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joliet Army Ammunition Plant (JOAAP, formerly known as the Joliet Arsenal) was a United States Army arsenal located in Will County, Illinois, near Elwood, Illinois, south of Joliet, Illinois.	Joliet Army Ammunition Plant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Lorenzo in Banale (German: Sankt Lorenz) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Trento.	San Lorenzo in Banale	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre de l'Atelier is a theatre at 1, place Charles Dullin in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Théâtre de l'Atelier	18th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhecheng County (Chinese: 柘城县; Pinyin: Zhéchéng Xiàn) is a county of Shangqiu city, Henan province, People's Republic of China, with the population of about 1,000,000.	Zhecheng County	Shangqiu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawtooth Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Sawtooth Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachattiri is a small village located near Tirur in Kerala, India.	Pachattiri	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roman Catholic High School of Philadelphia opened in 1890 as an all-male high school located at the intersection of Broad and Vine Streets in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.	Roman Catholic High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grochy-Serwatki (ˈɡrɔxɨ sɛrˈvatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grochy-Serwatki	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Noord (English: The North) is a windmill located on the Noordvest 38 in Schiedam, Netherlands.	De Noord	Schiedam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Han Sang Soo Embroidery Museum is an art museum specializing in Korean embroidery located in Gahoe-dong, Jongno-gu, central of Seoul, South Korea.	Han Sang Soo Embroidery Museum	Gahoe-dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mroga Dolna (ˈmrɔɡa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mroga Dolna	Gmina Rogów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakoszówka (pakɔˈʂufka) (Ukrainian: Пакошівка, Pakoshivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pakoszówka	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Bohn Lake is a reservoir in Lake County, California, located near Aetna Springs, California.	Upper Bohn Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	PlazAmericas, formerly known as Sharpstown Mall and earlier Sharpstown Center, is a shopping mall located in the Sharpstown development in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas.	PlazAmericas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabiele-Kolonia (zaˈbjɛlɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zabiele-Kolonia	Gmina Niedźwiada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoshgenab (Persian: خشگناب‎, also Romanized as Khoshgenāb; also known as Khoshkenāb) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khoshgenab	Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veroor, a small township, in Changanacherry, Kottayam, Kerala, famous for the mini industrial estate(MIE).	Veroor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gare des Brotteaux is an old railway station located in the Brotteaux quarter, in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon.	Gare des Brotteaux	6th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenk im Simmental (or simply Lenk) is a municipality in the Obersimmental-Saanen administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Lenk im Simmental	Obersimmental-Saanen administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Cove Feline Conservatory & Sanctuary is a small sanctuary located in Louisburg, Kansas, United States.	Cedar Cove Feline Conservatory & Sanctuary	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Marin is the largest rural region of Marin County, California.	West Marin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandaq (Persian: منداق‎, also Romanized as Mandāq; also known as Mandak and Mindāq) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mandaq	Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solms is a town west of Wetzlar in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis, Hessen, Germany.	Solms	Lahn-Dill-Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Veysabad (Persian: شاه ويس اباد‎, also Romanized as Shāh Veysābād) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shah Veysabad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Ahang (Persian: براهنگ‎, also Romanized as Bar Āhang and Barāheng; also known as Derakht-e Lashkarī) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bar Ahang	Jakdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruszajny (ruˈʂai̯nɨ) (German: Reuschhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ruszajny	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grahamsville Historic District is a historic district located along both sides of NY 55 just east of that hamlet in the Town of Neversink in Sullivan County, New York, USA.	Grahamsville Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ute Mountain (or Ute Peak or Sleeping Ute Mountain), is a peak within the Ute Mountains, a small mountain range in the southwestern corner of Colorado.	Ute Mountain	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson's Inheritance is a historic home and farm complex located at Union Bridge, Carroll County, Maryland, United States.	Wilson's Inheritance	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kloka (Serbian: Клока) is a village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia.	Kloka	Topola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grange Arch, also known as Creech Folly, is an 18th-century folly that is located near the second highest point of the Purbeck Hills, Ridgeway Hill (199 m), in Dorset.	Grange Arch	Purbeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tower of Memories is a mausoleum located at Crown Hill Cemetery in Wheat Ridge, Colorado, USA.	Tower of Memories	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRSG (91.5 FM) is a non-commercial high school radio station licensed to serve Middlebourne, West Virginia.	WRSG	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeszczyny (bʐɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) (German: Schwillgarben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Brzeszczyny	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purple Onion was a celebrated cellar club in the North Beach area of San Francisco, California, located at 140 Columbus Avenue (between Jackson and Pacific).	The Purple Onion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Penn High School is a part of the North Penn School District and is located in Towamencin Township, Pennsylvania, about a mile outside of Lansdale borough, 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia, along Valley Forge Road (PA Route 363).	North Penn High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prey Kabbas District is a district located in Takéo Province, in southern Cambodia.	Prey Kabbas District	Takéo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skwierawy (skfjɛˈravɨ) (Kashubian: Skwirawë) is a village in Gmina Studzienice, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skwierawy	Gmina Studzienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayanur also spelled as Ayanooru (Kannada: ಆಯನೂರು ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Ayanur	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blum Stadium was the home of Parsons College (Fairfield, Iowa) Wildcats football from 1966 through their final season in 1970.	Blum Stadium	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyril E. King Airport (IATA: STT, ICAO: TIST, FAA LID: STT) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) west of the central business district of Charlotte Amalie on the island of St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands.	Cyril E. King Airport	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Mountain High School is a public high school in Spanish Fork, Utah County, Utah, United States that serves the Spanish Fork and Mapleton areas.	Maple Mountain High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Lonely Short Range Radar Site (IATA: LNI, ICAO: PALN, FAA LID: AK71) is a United States Air Force Short Range Radar Site located in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska, 84 miles (135 km) east-southeast of Point Barrow, Alaska.	Point Lonely Short Range Radar Site	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Andrew's in the Square is an 18th-century category-A-listed former church in Glasgow, Scotland, considered one of the finest classical churches in Britain, and now Glasgow's Centre for Scottish Culture, promoting Scottish music, song and dance.	St Andrew's in the Square	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Vaziri (Persian: اكبرابادوزيري‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Vazīrī; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Vaziri	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rafałów (raˈfawuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rafałów	Gmina Godziesze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesso (Lombard: Ness) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Milan and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northeast of Como.	Nesso	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanticleer Garden is an estate and botanical garden located at 786 Church Road, Wayne, Pennsylvania.	Chanticleer Garden	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnim Nature Park (Naturpark Barnim) is a nature park and reserve in the state of Brandenburg, and partly in Berlin, Germany.	Barnim Nature Park	Brandenburg	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remu Darreh-ye Olya (Persian: رمودره عليا‎, also Romanized as Remū Darreh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Remū Darreh) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 20 families.	Remu Darreh-ye Olya	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Garbowo (ˈnɔvɛ ɡarˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Garbowo	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drewnowo-Konarze (drɛvˈnɔvɔ kɔˈnaʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Drewnowo-Konarze	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Key Mirzavandbak (Persian: سَرابِ كِی ميرزاوَندبَك‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Key Mīrzāvandbak; also known as Mīrzāvandekī and Sarāb-e Key Hātami) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Key Mirzavandbak	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kress Events Center is a 4,018-seat multi-purpose arena in Green Bay, Wisconsin, in the United States.	Kress Events Center	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hall Valley Country Park is a country park located in New Hall Valley between Walmley and Wylde Green in the Sutton Coldfield area of north Birmingham.	New Hall Valley Country Park	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whimple is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon, approximately 9 miles (14 km) due east of the city of Exeter, and 3 miles (4.8 km) from the nearest small town, Ottery St Mary.	Whimple	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloone (Irish: An Chluain) is a village in County Leitrim, Ireland.	Cloone	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Threadneedle Street is a street in the City of London, between Bishopsgate at its northeast end and Bank junction in the southwest.	Threadneedle Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colony Hill is a tiny neighborhood located in the southwest corner of Glover Archbold Park in Northwest Washington, D.C. It is bounded on the north and east by the park, on the south by Reservoir Road NW, and on the west by Foxhall Road NW.	Colony Hill	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunnockshaw and Clowbridge is a civil parish in the borough of Burnley, in Lancashire, England.	Dunnockshaw and Clowbridge	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riding Mountain Park East Gate Registration Complex in Manitoba, Canada, is the only surviving gate structure of the three built at the entrances to Riding Mountain National Park.	Riding Mountain Park East Gate Registration Complex	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashbak (Persian: اشباك‎, also Romanized as Ashbāk and Eshbāk; also known as Eshak and Ishāk) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ashbak	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Napier Museum is an art and natural history museum situated in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum), the capital city of Kerala, India.	Napier Museum	Thiruvananthapuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitaveh-ye Pereshkaft (Persian: چيتاوه پراشكفت‎, also Romanized as Chītāveh-ye Pereshkaft; also known as Chītāveh) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chitaveh-ye Pereshkaft	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seldovia Airport is a public-use gravel airstrip serving Seldovia, Alaska, about 15 miles (27 km) south-southwest from the fishing town of Homer at the Kenai Peninsula's ``end of the road.''	Seldovia Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clausensee is a reservoir in the Schwarzbach valley in the western Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Clausensee	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawson Farm, also known as ``Rocky Glen,'' is a historic property with two homes located at Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Dawson Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essex Skating Club (also known as ESC and Essex SC of NJ) is a figure skating club based at Richard J. Codey Arena in West Orange, New Jersey.	Essex Skating Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montclair Kimberley Academy (MKA) is a co-educational private school for students in Pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade located in Montclair in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Montclair Kimberley Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kern River Parkway is primarily a natural preserve in Bakersfield, California.	Kern River Parkway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellsprings Friends School is a private non-profit alternative high school in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	Wellsprings Friends School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisielsk (ˈkiɕelsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kisielsk	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louxing District (simplified Chinese: 娄星区; traditional Chinese: 婁星區; pinyin: Lóuxīng Qū) is the seat and sole district of Loudi, Hunan province, China.	Louxing District	Loudi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Near West Side of Chicago, Illinois, Hull House (named for the home's first owner) opened its doors to recently arrived European immigrants.	Hull House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renaissance Coliseum is a brand new multi-purpose athletic facility at Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois.	Renaissance Coliseum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knockatallon or Knockatallan (Irish: Cnoc an tSalainn, meaning ``hill of salt'') is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in Ireland in the parish of Tydavnet.	Knockatallon	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardeh Sara (Persian: وارده سرا‎, also Romanized as Vārdeh Sarā; also known as Vārdeh Sar, Vāredeh Sarā, Vāredeh Sarā-ye Pā’īn, Varudakhsar, Varūdsar, and Warūdahsar) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vardeh Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	World Expo 88, also known as Expo 88, was a World's Fair held in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia, during a six-month period between Saturday, 30 April 1988 and Sunday, 30 October 1988, inclusive.	World Expo 88	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKCO (91.9 FM) is a freeform radio station licensed to Gambier, Ohio, USA, the station serves Kenyon College.	WKCO	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uśnik-Dwór (ˈuɕnik ˈdvur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Uśnik-Dwór	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caldwell Parish Airport (FAA LID: F86) is a public use airport in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Caldwell Parish Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oscar Nichols House is located on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Oscar Nichols House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohna is a town and a municipal committee in the Gurgaon district of Haryana, India.	Sohna	Gurgaon district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wester Hailes Baptist Church is a church in the Wester Hailes area of west Edinburgh, Scotland, founded in 1971.	Wester Hailes Baptist Church	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Anselm's Catholic Church, Rectory and Parish Hall in Anselmo, Nebraska are three separate structures that together form the St. Anselm parish complex.	St. Anselm's Catholic Church, Rectory and Parish Hall	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chendar-e Qavi (Persian: چندارقوي‎, also Romanized as Chendār-e Qavī; also known as Jandār and Jendār Qavī) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chendar-e Qavi	Olya Tayeb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allen Central High School (Allen Central, Central, or ACHS) is a Title I secondary school located in Eastern, Floyd County, Kentucky, United States, and is one of four public high schools in the Floyd County School system.	Allen Central High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wangxizhang Township (Chinese: 王西章乡) is a township-level division of Zhao County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Wangxizhang Township	Zhao County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grandview Heights High School is a public high school in Grandview Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Columbus.	Grandview Heights High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burtts Corner is a Canadian rural community in Douglas Parish, York County, New Brunswick.	Burtts Corner	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulb (ɡulp) (German: Gulbien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gulb	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circus Circus Las Vegas is a hotel and 123,928 sq ft (11,513.3 m2) casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester, Nevada.	Circus Circus Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardarmehr (Persian: سردرمهر‎) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sardarmehr	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nutzotin Mountains are a mountain range in Alaska, United States and Yukon, Canada.	Nutzotin Mountains	Alaska	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorma Zard (Persian: خرمازرد‎, also Romanized as Khormā Zard; also known as Khurmazard and Khurmoza) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khorma Zard	Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Baptist Church of Ossining is located in the center of the village of Ossining, New York, United States.	First Baptist Church of Ossining	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio do Monte (Portuguese, St. Antony of the Hill) is a municipality in the central part of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Santo Antônio do Monte	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Takhinsha Mountains are a mountain range in Haines Borough and the Hoonah-Angoon Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska, in the southeastern part of the state.	Takhinsha Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agassiz Ice Cap is an ice cap on the central eastern side of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Agassiz Ice Cap	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKHY-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 105.1 FM in Halifax, Nova Scotia owned by Evanov Communications a division of HFX Broadcasting Inc. The station uses its on-air branding as ``Live 105'' with a modern rock format.	CKHY-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Continental Clay Brick Plant in Martinsburg, West Virginia includes a number of beehive brick kilns.	Continental Clay Brick Plant	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semsvannet is a great lake in Asker municipality in Akershus county, southwest of Oslo, in Norway.	Semsvannet	Asker
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Beckenham railway station serves Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley in south east London, in Travelcard Zone 4.	New Beckenham railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Powder River Country is the Powder River Basin area of the Great Plains in northeastern Wyoming, United States.	Powder River Country	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texas International Airlines Flight 655, registration N94230, was a Convair 600 en route from Memphis, Tennessee, to Dallas, Texas via Pine Bluff, Arkansas;	Texas International Airlines Flight 655	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay City Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bay City, Michigan.	Bay City Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexandra Secondary College is a public coeducational school situated in Downey Street, Alexandra, Victoria.	Alexandra Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabriskie Point is a part of Amargosa Range located east of Death Valley in Death Valley National Park in California, United States noted for its erosional landscape.	Zabriskie Point	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wasilla Assembly of God is a church in the town of Wasilla, Alaska.	Wasilla Assembly of God	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heyworth Building is a Chicago Landmark located at 29 East Madison Street, on the southwest corner of Madison Street and Wabash Avenue in Chicago, Illinois.	Heyworth Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Muri (Persian: باغ موري‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Mūrī, Bāgh-e Mūrī, Bāgh-e Nūrī, and Bāgh-i-Mūrī) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bagh Muri	Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamalabad-e Hallaj (Persian: جمال ابادحلاج‎, also Romanized as Jamālābād-e Ḩallāj) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jamalabad-e Hallaj	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Abadian (Persian: چاه عابديان‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e ʿĀbadīān) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Abadian	Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKFS, better known by its brand name KISS 107, is an FM radio station in the Cincinnati, Ohio market.	WKFS	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breukelen Houses (pronounced brook-line), also known as Breukelen or Brookline Projects, is a large housing complex maintained in Canarsie, Brooklyn, by the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA).	Breukelen Houses	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Hun Houses were located on Washington Avenue (New York State Route 5) on the western edge of central Albany, New York, United States.	Dr. Hun Houses	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Missouri Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame, located at Mizzou Arena in Columbia, Missouri, is a museum operated by the University of Missouri and is the highest honor bestowed upon a Mizzou student-athlete, coach or administrator.	University of Missouri Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame	Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Clackamas Christian School (NCCS) is a private, non-church affiliated Christian school in Oregon City, Oregon, United States.	North Clackamas Christian School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azadlu (Persian: ازادلو‎, also Romanized as Āzādlū; also known as Azārlū and Azatlu) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Azadlu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary (WSWS) is an animal sanctuary in Candy Kitchen, New Mexico, USA dedicated to rescuing and providing sanctuary for captive-bred wolves and wolfdogs.	Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dominguez Canyon Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located southeast of Grand Junction in western Colorado.	Dominguez Canyon Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Fork Trinity River is the main tributary of the Trinity River, in the northern part of the U.S. state of California.	South Fork Trinity River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedwell Harbour is a settlement on South Pender Island in British Columbia, close to the US-Canadian border.	Bedwell Harbour	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikur Cholim B'nai Israel Synagogue is an historic synagogue in Swan Lake, Sullivan County, New York.	Bikur Cholim B'nai Israel Synagogue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krause Springs is a camping and swimming site located in the Hill Country of Texas.	Krause Springs	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Island School (Chinese: 西島中學, Abbreviated: WIS) is a co-educational, private, international secondary school in Hong Kong that provides to students from age eleven to eighteen an English medium education.	West Island School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonathan Dayton High School is an American four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Springfield Township, in Union County, New Jersey, operating as part of the Springfield Public Schools.	Jonathan Dayton High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepno (ˈsɛpnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sepno	Gmina Kamieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mỹ Thủy a town and rural commune (xã) in Lệ Thủy District, Quảng Bình Province, North Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Mỹ Thủy	Lệ Thủy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guyancourt (pronounced: (ɡɥi.jɑ̃.kuʁ)) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Guyancourt	Yvelines
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergen Park is a park near Evergreen, Colorado.	Bergen Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Nabi Abi Chedid, also known as Nabizão, is a football (soccer) stadium in Bragança Paulista, São Paulo state, Brazil.	Estádio Nabi Abi Chedid	Bragança Paulista
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Esmaeel, Zahedan (Persian: چاه اسماعیل‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah Esmaeel, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhigawa Mandi is the town located in the Bhiwani district of Haryana, India.	Dhigawa Mandi	Bhiwani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimbel Library is located in Conway, South Carolina, and is the academic library at Coastal Carolina University.	Kimbel Library	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziećmiarowice (d͡ʑɛt͡ɕmjarɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dziećmiarowice	Gmina Szprotawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Recreation Area is a 5,900-acre (2,400 ha) state recreation area in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Highland Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge, created in 1958, is located along the banks of the Missouri River in the U.S. states of Iowa and Nebraska.	DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Wellington is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the eastern part of the state.	Shire of Wellington	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJPZ-FM is a student run college radio station at Syracuse University in New York.	WJPZ-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunbury-on-Thames, also known as Sunbury, is a town and London suburb in the Surrey borough of Spelthorne (historically Middlesex), England.	Sunbury-on-Thames	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohawk Dam, located in Jefferson Township, Coshocton County, Ohio northwest of Nellie, is a dry dam constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) in the mid-1930s for the purpose of flood control on the Walhonding River.	Mohawk Dam	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zuellig Building is an office skyscraper located in the Makati Central Business District in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Zuellig Building	Makati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stewart International Airport (IATA: SWF, ICAO: KSWF, FAA LID: SWF) is a public/military airport in Orange County, New York, United States.	Stewart International Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tywardreath and Par is a civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tywardreath and Par	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malir Cantonment (Urdu: ملیر چھاؤنی ‎) is a cantonment town of the city of Karachi, in Sindh, Pakistan.	Malir Cantonment	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arvanaq (Persian: اروانق‎, also Romanized as Arvānaq) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Arvanaq	Sardabeh Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strom Thurmond Federal Building and United States Courthouse is United States federal building located in Columbia, South Carolina, which was completed in 1979 and which served for twenty-five years as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina.	Strom Thurmond Federal Building and United States Courthouse	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is owned by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and operated by the non-profit group, The Friends of Graeme Park.	Graeme Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashby with Oby is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, which is located some 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Acle and 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-west of Great Yarmouth.	Ashby with Oby	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHPI (101.1 FM, ``Jack FM'') is a radio station for Glasford, Illinois in the Peoria, Illinois radio market.	WHPI	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapargah-e Alireza (Persian: كپرگه عليرضا‎, also Romanized as Kapargah-e ``Alīreẕā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families.	Kapargah-e Alireza	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moniaive (/mɒniˈaɪvə/; Scottish Gaelic: Am Moine Naomh, ``The Holy Moor'') is a village in the Parish of Glencairn, in Dumfries and Galloway, South-West Scotland.	Moniaive	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathaniel Hill Brick House, locally referred to as just the Brick House, is located on NY 17K in the Orange County, New York Town of Montgomery.	Nathaniel Hill Brick House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulfordgate was an association football ground in Fulford, York, England, and was the home of York City Football Club from 1922 to 1932.	Fulfordgate	York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The civil parish of Chalvington with Ripe, in the Wealden District of East Sussex, England, is made up of the two villages, Chalvington and Ripe.	Chalvington with Ripe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Bartolomeo in Galdo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 90 km northeast of Naples and about 35 km northeast of Benevento, on a hill overlooking the valley of the Fortore river.	San Bartolomeo in Galdo	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYKD (100.1 FM) is a non-profit radio station airing a Christian radio format in Bethel, Alaska.	KYKD	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darian Rural District (Persian: دهستان داريان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darian Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raz Kenar (Persian: رزكنار‎, also Romanized as Raz Kenār) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Raz Kenar	Khoshk Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guranabad-e Qazzaq (Persian: گوران ابادقزاق‎, also Romanized as Gūrānābād-e Qazzāq) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guranabad-e Qazzaq	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanislaus National Forest is a United States national forest which manages 898,099 acres (1,403.3 sq mi; 3,634.5 km2) of land in four counties in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of Northern California.	Stanislaus National Forest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District is a historic district extending through parts of the towns of Chester, Middlefield, and Becket, Massachusetts.	Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Grenville and William Davis Courthouse opened in 2000, and is located at 7755 Hurontario Street in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	A. Grenville and William Davis Courthouse	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeshar (Persian: جشار‎, also Romanized as Jeshār) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jeshar	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strękowa Góra (strɛŋˈkɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Strękowa Góra	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oum Sahaouine (also written Oum Sahouine) is a village in the commune of El Oued, in El Oued District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Oum Sahaouine	El Oued District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ariana Governorate (Arabic: ولاية أريانة‎ Wilāyat Aryānah pronounced (ærˈjæːnæ)) is one of the twenty-four governorates (provinces) of Tunisia.	Ariana Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-i-Panj (Persian: تنگ پنج‎‎, also known as Tang Panj; also known as Nīk Panch) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tang-i-Panj	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacramento Valley is the area of the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California that lies north of the Sacramento--	Sacramento Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizhanabad-e Do (Persian: بيژن آباد2‎‎, also Romanized as Bīzhanābād-e Do; also known as Bīzhanābād-e Soflá) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bizhanabad-e Do	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Hyżneńska (ˈvulka xɨʐˈnɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hyżne, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Hyżneńska	Gmina Hyżne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaliga (kaˈliɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kaliga	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Jacob Astor Hotel, originally known as the Hotel Astoria, is a historic former hotel building located in Astoria, Oregon, United States, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	John Jacob Astor Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Ashayir Miraki (Persian: بنكوي عشايرميركي‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e ``Ashāyīr Mīrakī) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District, Now Bandegan District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 19 families.	Bonkuy-e Ashayir Miraki	Now Bandegan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myślenice County (Polish: powiat myślenicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Myślenice County	Lesser Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tushar Mountains are the third highest mountain range in Utah after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range.	Tushar Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dudley Do-Right Emporium was a small, eccentric gift shop named after that fearless Canadian Mountie Dudley Do-Right, located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California.	Dudley Do-Right Emporium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Pliszczyn (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpliʂt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Pliszczyn	Gmina Wólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biadki (ˈbjatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Biadki	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drake Field (IATA: FYV, ICAO: KFYV, FAA LID: FYV) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Fayetteville, in Washington County, Arkansas, United States.	Drake Field	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahray-ye Bagh District (Persian: بخش صحرای باغ‎, meaning ``Desert Garden'') is a district (bakhsh) in Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sahray-ye Bagh District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boomtown Reno is a hotel and casino located in Verdi, Nevada, just west of the Reno--	Boomtown Reno	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarjiligan (Persian: قرجيليگان‎, also Romanized as Qarjīlīgān; also known as Qarjalgān) is a village in Chamzey Rural District, in the Central District of Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Qarjiligan	Chamzey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Castell de Guadalest (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ kasˈteʎ de ɣwaðaˈlest)) or briefly Guadalest is a Valencian town and municipality located in a mountainous area of the comarca of Marina Baixa, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	El Castell de Guadalest	Marina Baixa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Glacier is a glacier in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the northern and eastern flanks of Hoodoo Mountain.	Twin Glacier	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armstrong Row is a series of 11 brick row houses in Maysville, Kentucky built between 1820 and 1833 by John Armstrong, a local industrialist, entrepreneur and real estate developer.	Armstrong Row	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hattersheim am Main is a town in the Main-Taunus district, Hesse (Germany) and part of the Frankfurt Rhein-Main urban area.	Hattersheim am Main	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delbar-e Rok Rok (Persian: دلبررك رك‎) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Delbar-e Rok Rok	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będziechów (bɛnˈd͡ʑɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Będziechów	Gmina Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wild Horse State Recreation Area is a 120-acre (49 ha) state park unit of Nevada, USA, on the northeast shore of 2,830-acre (1,150 ha) Wild Horse Reservoir.	Wild Horse State Recreation Area	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sky Lakes Medical Center Heliport (FAA LID: 9OR3) is a private heliport located two miles northwest of Klamath Falls in Klamath County, Oregon, United States.	Sky Lakes Medical Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Memorial Drive Apartments Historic District is a historic district encompassing four apartment houses on Memorial Drive in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Memorial Drive Apartments Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełpina (xɛu̯ˈpina) (German: 'Neu Helpe') is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chełpina	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Kozia Góra (ˈnɔva ˈkɔʑa ˈɡura) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowa Kozia Góra	Gmina Strzelce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Gava Sara (Persian: پايين گواسرا‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Gavā Sarā) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Gava Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Borrie Wetlands is a coastal wetland that is located in the Greater Geelong region of Victoria, Australia.	Lake Borrie Wetlands	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Hoseyni (Persian: خواجه حسيني‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Ḩoseynī; also known as Z̧afarābād) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Hoseyni	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center for Meteorite Studies was founded in 1960, on the Tempe Campus of Arizona State University, and houses the world's largest university-based meteorite collection.	Center for Meteorite Studies	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton is located in the Church of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary, a Roman Catholic parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York at 7 State Street, between Pearl and Water Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City.	Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Seneca Tower is a skyscraper located in downtown Buffalo, New York.	One Seneca Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swyddffynnon is a village in Ceredigion, Wales, situated 6 km to the north of Tregaron, near the northern edge of Cors Caron (Tregaron Bog).	Swyddffynnon	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Kantrida is a football stadium in the Croatian city of Rijeka.	Stadion Kantrida	Rijeka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giladeh (Persian: گيلاده‎‎, also Romanized as Gīlā Deh; also known as Gilledekh) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Giladeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trojanka (trɔˈjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trojanka	Gmina Chodzież
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Wyatt House is a historic house at 33 Beacon Street in Somerville, Massachusetts, near Inman Square.	George Wyatt House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Bridge is a steel bridge located in Troy, Montana.	Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Bridge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meydan Tarreh Barahvaz (Persian: ميدان تره باراهواز‎, also Romanized as Meydān Tarreh Bārāhvāz) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Meydan Tarreh Barahvaz	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhah (Persian: ناخا‎, also Romanized as Nākhāh) is a village in Eram Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Nakhah	Eram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Malek (Persian: قره ملك‎, also Romanized as Ghareh Malek, Qara Milk, and Qareh Malek) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Qarah Malek	Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heidelberg Raceway was an American auto racing track which was built in Scott Township, Allegheny County, approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) southwest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Heidelberg Raceway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devils Backbone Wilderness is one of eight wilderness areas protected and preserved in the U.S. State of Missouri.	Devils Backbone Wilderness	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trenchard Museum is based at RAF Halton, Halton, Buckinghamshire, England.	Trenchard Museum	RAF Halton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colonial Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Lower Paxton Township, Pennsylvania, about 3 miles (4.8 km) NE of Harrisburg.	Colonial Park Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sterling Mountain Fire Observation Tower and Observer's Cabin is a historic fire observation station located on Sterling Mountain in Sterling Forest State Park at Greenwood Lake in Orange County, New York.	Sterling Mountain Fire Observation Tower and Observer's Cabin	Greenwood Lake
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bee Building, later called the Peters Trust Building and finally the Insurance Building, was located at 17th and Farnam Streets in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Bee Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dębiec (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmbjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Dębiec	Gmina Kościan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Choragh (Persian: مزرعه سيدچراغ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Seyyed Chorāgh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Choragh	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Beaverbrook Art Gallery	Fredericton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethel Seaplane Base (IATA: JBT, FAA LID: Z59) is a public use seaplane base located on the Kuskokwim River in Bethel, a city in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Bethel Seaplane Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sejwy (ˈsɛi̯vɨ), (Lithuanian: Seivai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Sejwy	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaghdari (Persian: جغدري‎, also Romanized as Jaghdarī; also known as Jahd Darī) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jaghdari	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Worrall Covered Bridge, also known as the Woralls Bridge is a wooden covered bridge carrying Williams Road across the Williams River in Rockingham, Vermont, United States.	Worrall Covered Bridge	Rockingham, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavanaugh Field was a minor league baseball park in Little Rock, Arkansas.	Kavanaugh Field	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langeberg Range is a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Langeberg	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coeymans School, also known as Acton Civill Polytechnic Institute, is a historic school building located at Coeymans in Albany County, New York.	Coeymans School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northland Pioneer College (NPC) is a regionally accredited, publicly supported, comprehensive community college serving a large and diverse area in Navajo County, Arizona.	Northland Pioneer College	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 42 Edward J. Lopez Avenue is a rare Federal period house in East Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Building at 42 Edward J. Lopez Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banská Bystrica Region (Slovak: Banskobystrický kraj, pronounced (ˈbanskobistritskiː ˈkraj); Hungarian: Besztercebányai kerület, pronounced (ˈbɛstɛrt͡sɛbaːɲɒi ˈkɛrylɛt)) is one of the Slovak regions in the country of Slovakia in Europe.	Banská Bystrica Region	Slovakia
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Waterford (Irish: Contae Phort Láirge; the English name comes from Old Norse Vedrafjörður) is a county in Ireland.	County Waterford	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSHH is an adult contemporary radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WSHH	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ma Bufang Mansion (simplified Chinese: 马步芳公馆; traditional Chinese: 馬步芳公館; pinyin: MǎBùfāngGōngguǎn) was the mansion of the Chinese Muslim warlord and General Ma Bufang and his family from 1943--1949, and now is a tourist attraction, in Xining, Qinghai, China.	Ma Bufang Mansion	Xining
located in the administrative territorial entity	Before the Regionalisation of Scotland in 1975, most of the Cairngorms were within the county of Aberdeenshire, with the rest reaching into Inverness-shire in the west, and Banffshire in the north.	Cairngorms	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Agnes Hall is an Elizabethan manor house in the village of Burton Agnes, near Driffield in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Burton Agnes Hall	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chynowie (xɨˈnɔvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chynowie	Gmina Gniewino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ash Mahalleh (Persian: آش محله‎, also Romanized as Āsh Maḩalleh) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ash Mahalleh	Seh Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKIQ is a commercial radio station located in Pleasanton, California, broadcasting to the East Bay area on 101.7 FM.	KKIQ	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morzęcin Wielki (mɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Morzęcin Wielki	Gmina Oborniki Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandrapura is a census town in Chandrapura (community development block) in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Chandrapura	Bokaro district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maharlu Now (Persian: مهارلونو‎, also Romanized as Mahārlū Now; also known as Maharin and Mahārlū) is a village in Maharlu Rural District, Kuhenjan District, Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Maharlu Now	Maharlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gussage is a series of three villages in north Dorset, England, situated along a tributary of the River Allen on Cranborne Chase, eight miles north east of Blandford Forum and 10 miles north of Wimborne.	Gussage	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvey Hadden Stadium is a purpose-built athletics stadium in the Bilborough district of Nottingham, England.	Harvey Hadden Stadium	Bilborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitman Mills are a historic mill complex on the banks of the Acushnet River north of central New Bedford, Massachusetts.	Whitman Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	William and Caroline Schall House is a historic home located at Green Lane, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	William and Caroline Schall House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Haddon is a village in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire, England about 11 miles (18 km) north-west of Northampton and 7 miles (11 km) east of Rugby and just off the A428 road which by-passes the village.	West Haddon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wujaki (vuˈjaki) (German: Ohmswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wujaki	Gmina Rozogi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herzogtum Lauenburg (English: Duchy of Lauenburg) is the southernmost Kreis, or district, of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Herzogtum Lauenburg	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazangan (Persian: بزنگان‎, also Romanized as Bazangān and Bezangān; also known as Bezamgān) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bazangan	Golbibi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMOJ, 89.9 FM, is a community-oriented station located in Minneapolis, Minnesota airing a predominantly urban adult contemporary format.	KMOJ	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stenungsund Municipality (Stenungsunds kommun) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden.	Stenungsund Municipality	Västra Götaland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betina is a village located on the Croatian island of Murter, seven km from Tisno, where a drawbridge connects the island and the mainland.	Betina	Tisno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ascrib Islands are a group of small islands off the northwest coast of Skye, in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Ascrib Islands	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newburyport Historic District encompasses most of the historic downtown area of Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Newburyport Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of the City of Dawson or Dawson City is a town in Yukon, Canada.	Dawson City	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linsengericht (``court under the linden'' from ``Linde'' German for ``linden'' and ``Gericht'' German for ``court'') is a municipality in the Main-Kinzig district, in Hesse, Germany.	Linsengericht	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Khuni (Persian: چشمه خوني‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khūnī) is a village in Hana Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Khuni	Hana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Tabarqu (Persian: حسن ابادتبرقو‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Tabarqū; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Tabarqu	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crumplehorn (Cornish: Tremalhorn, meaning Maelhoern's farm) is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, UK.	Crumplehorn	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagannadapuram is near to Parvatipuram town in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Jagannadapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Długie Stare (ˈdwuɡʲɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Długie Stare	Gmina Święciechowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Cornhill Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Aberdeen, Scotland run by NHS Grampian.	Royal Cornhill Hospital	Aberdeen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of Apollo Palatinus (Palatine Apollo) was a temple on the Palatine Hill of ancient Rome, which was first dedicated by Augustus to his patron god Apollo.	Temple of Apollo Palatinus	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraszewo Podborne (kraˈʂɛvɔ pɔdˈbɔrnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kraszewo Podborne	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Griswold Hills are a low mountain range in the Southern Inner California Coast Ranges System, in southeastern San Benito County, central California.	Griswold Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cantù (Italian pronunciation: (kanˈtu); Cantü (kãˈty) in local Lombard) is a city and comune in the Province of Como, located at the center of the Brianza zone in Lombardy.	Cantù	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golgiyi (Persian: گلگيي‎, also Romanized as Golgīyī; also known as Gol Gīn, Golgīn, Golgīnī, and Gulgīn) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Golgiyi	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuneaton and Bedworth is a local government district with borough status, in northern Warwickshire, England, consisting of the densely populated towns of Nuneaton and Bedworth, the village of Bulkington and the green belt land in between.	Nuneaton and Bedworth	Warwickshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daramrud-e Olya (Persian: دارامرودعليا‎, also Romanized as Dārāmrūd-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 28 families.	Daramrud-e Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salpik (ˈsalpik) (German Salpkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Salpik	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chico Hot Springs Resort and Day Spa is a resort that is located near Pray, Montana.	Chico Hot Springs	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehuyeh (Persian: نهويه‎, also Romanized as Nehūyeh; also known as Nūhūyeh and Tohūyeh) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nehuyeh	Mobarakabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prehistoric Lake Cahuilla (also known as Lake LeConte and Blake Sea) was an extensive freshwater lake that filled the Coachella, Imperial, and Mexicali valleys of southeastern California and northeastern Baja California during the centuries prior to Spanish entry into the region.	Lake Cahuilla	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winona Hotel is a former hotel building in Winona, Minnesota, United States, constructed in 1889.	Winona Hotel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziembowo (d͡ʑemˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dziembowo	Gmina Kaczory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humin Elevated Road (Chinese: 沪闵高架路; pinyin: Hùmǐn Gāojiàlù) is an elevated expressway in the city of Shanghai, China.	Humin Elevated Road	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) is an institution of basic research and training in physical and biophysical sciences located in Bidhannagar, Kolkata, India.	Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics	Bidhannagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arroyo Grande IOOF Hall is a building in Arroyo Grande, California that was built in 1902.	Arroyo Grande IOOF Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barx (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈbaɾtʃ), Spanish: Bárig) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Barx	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Żyrowska (ˈvɔla ʐɨˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Żyrowska	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanhoe is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, 6.4 miles (10.2 km) from the North Sea.	Stanhoe	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niesiołów (ɲeˈɕɔwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Niesiołów	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Araz Mohammad Akhund (Persian: ارازمحمداخوند‎, also Romanized as Arāz Moḩammad Ākhūnd; also known as Arāz Moḩammad Khān) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Araz Mohammad Akhund	Fajr Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Chur (Persian: ابچور‎, also Romanized as Āb Chūr and Ābchowr; also known as Āpkhvor) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Chur	Aladagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lord Tennyson Elementary School in Vancouver, British Columbia, is a French Immersion elementary school.	Lord Tennyson Elementary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burg Güssing is a castle in southern Burgenland, Austria.	Burg Güssing	Burgenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cullen Performance Hall is a concert hall located on the campus of the University of Houston in Houston, Texas.	Cullen Performance Hall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Carleton Secondary School is a secondary school situated in the rural west end of Ottawa, Ontario.	West Carleton Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punjalkatte is a village in Beltangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka in India.	Punjalkatte	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharket Talu Gaz (Persian: شرکت طلوع گاز‎‎, also Romanized as Sharket Talūʿ Gāz) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sharket Talu Gaz	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cachoeiras de Macacu (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌkaʃuˈeɪɾai̯ʃ ˌdʒi.makaˈku)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Cachoeiras de Macacu	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Łosiniecka (ˈvulka wɔɕiˈɲet͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Łosiniecka	Gmina Susiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cookson Hills are in the eastern part of Oklahoma.	Cookson Hills	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidrubeh Pumping Stations (Persian: تلمبه خانه بیدروبه‎ -- Tolombeh Khāneh Bīdrūbeh) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bidrubeh Pumping Stations	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corcovado (Portuguese pronunciation: (coɾcoˈvadu)), meaning ``hunchback'' in Portuguese, is a mountain in central Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Corcovado	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Mahmudi (Persian: تلمبه عشايري محمودي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Maḩmūdī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Mahmudi	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Adamowa (ˈvɔla adaˈmɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Adamowa	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maria Laach Abbey (in German: Abtei Maria Laach, in Latin: Abbatia Maria Lacensis or Abbatia Maria ad Lacum) is a Benedictine abbey situated on the southwestern shore of the Laacher See (Lake Laach), near Andernach, in the Eifel region of the Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.	Maria Laach Abbey	Andernach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swanston Estates is a neighborhood situated in North Sacramento, California.	Swanston Estates	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curtorim is a town in the Salcette taluka of South Goa district in Goa, India.	Curtorim	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free State of Thuringia (English /θəˈrɪndʒiə/; German: Freistaat Thüringen, pronounced (ˈfʁaɪʃtaːt ˈtyːʁɪŋən)) is a federal state of Germany, located in the central part of the country.	Thuringia	Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divostin (Serbian Cyrillic: Дивостин) is a village in Stanovo in Šumadija district.	Divostin	Stanovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World Hope Stadium, commonly known as Hope Centre, is a football stadium in Kawangware, a suburb in Nairobi, Kenya.	Hope Centre	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virginia Water is a commuter town in the Surrey section of the London urban area.	Virginia Water	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egindikol District (Kazakh: Егіндікөл ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Egindikol District	Akmola Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandsfoot Castle, also known historically as Weymouth Castle, is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Weymouth, Dorset.	Sandsfoot Castle	Weymouth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millville's First Bank Building, is located in Millville, Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.	Millville's First Bank Building	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alarcia is a town of northern Spain, Autonomous Community of Castile and León, province of Burgos, Shire of Montes de Oca, sub-shire of Tirón-Rioja Burgalesa, in the municipality of Rábanos.	Alarcia	Rábanos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottumwa Cemetery is a public cemetery located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.	Ottumwa Cemetery	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorłówko (ɡɔrˈwufkɔ) (German: Gorlowken; 1938-1945: Gorlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gorłówko	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chay Kasan (Persian: چايكسن‎, also Romanized as Chāy Kasan; also known as Chāy Kand) is a village in Harzandat-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chay Kasan	Harzandat-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajdyty (bai̯ˈdɨtɨ) (German: Beyditten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bajdyty	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szynkarzyzna (ʂɨŋkaˈʐɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szynkarzyzna	Gmina Sadowne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Gurab-e Pain (Persian: سياهگوراب پايين‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Gūrāb-e Pā’īn; also known as Seyāh Qorāb, Sīāh Gūrāb, Sīāh Qorāb, and Siyah Gowdab) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Gurab-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajehlar (Persian: خواجه لر‎, also Romanized as Khvājehlar and Khājehlar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Sharqi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khvajehlar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgowlah Heights is a suburb of northern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 11 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Manly Council, in the Northern Beaches region.	Balgowlah Heights	New South Wales	Manly Council
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watauga County Farmers' Market is a farmers' market located in Boone, North Carolina established July 6, 1974.	Watauga County Farmers' Market	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanisi (Persian: كنيسي‎, also Romanized as Kanīsī; also known as Kānespī, Kānsī, and Kīnesī) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kanisi	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingbaijiang District (simplified Chinese: 青白江区; traditional Chinese: 青白江區; pinyin: Qīngbáijiāng qū; literally: ``azure and white river'') is one of nine districts of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, China, covering parts of the northeastern suburbs.	Qingbaijiang District	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucim (ˈlut͡ɕim) (German: Lugfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lucim	Gmina Koronowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howland Mill Village Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Bolton, Winsper, Hemlock Sts., and Rockdale Avenue in New Bedford, Massachusetts.	Howland Mill Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mason-Tillett House, also known as Rock Hill, Mason's, Long's Farm, and Brunswick Plantation, is a historic plantation home located at Valentines, Brunswick County, Virginia.	Mason-Tillett House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Leber House located at 132 East Crafton Avenue in Crafton, Pennsylvania, was built in 1938.	George Leber House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeynabad-e Zakhru (Persian: زين ابادزاخرو‎, also Romanized as Zeynābād-e Zākhrū; also known as Zeynābād) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zeynabad-e Zakhru	Zakharuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahlhausen is a South-Western district of the city of Bochum in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Dahlhausen	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nugent Sound is a sound on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Seymour Inlet (W) and Belize Inlet (E).	Nugent Sound	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Children's Hospital of Orange County, also known by its acronym CHOC or Children's Hospital OC and branded as CHOC Children's, is a children's hospital located in Orange County, California.	Children's Hospital of Orange County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luppitt is a village and civil parish in East Devon situated about 6 kilometres (4 mi) due north of Honiton.	Luppitt	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunsdorf (Luxembourgish: Hënsdref) is a small town in the commune of Lorentzweiler, in central Luxembourg.	Hunsdorf	Lorentzweiler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahio Trotwood Airport (FAA LID: I44), also known as Dayton-New Lebanon Airport, is a public-use airport located seven miles (11 km) west of the central business district of Dayton, in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.	Dahio Trotwood Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surwile (surˈvilɛ) (German: Serwillen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Surwile	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kothala is a village 21 kilometers east of Kottayam in Kerala, Southern India.	Kothala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierwce (ˈbjɛrft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bierwce	Gmina Jedlińsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dĩ An is a town of Bình Dương Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam, about 20 km north of Ho Chi Minh City (formerly Saigon).	Dĩ An	Bình Dương
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basti district (Hindi: बस्ती जिला, Urdu: ضلع بستی‎), is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state, India and Basti town is the district headquarters.	Basti district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manglutan is a village in Andaman district on the south coast of South Andaman Island, belonging to India.	Manglutan	Andaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmira Heights Village Hall, located in Elmira Heights, New York, was built in 1896.	Elmira Heights Village Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swartberg mountains (black mountain in Afrikaans) are a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Swartberg	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chino Mine (``Chino'' is Spanish for the ``Chinaman''), also known as the Santa Rita mine, is an open-pit copper mine located in the town of Santa Rita, New Mexico 15 miles (24 km) east of Silver City.	Chino Mine	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dix Mountain is the sixth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park, and is located roughly on the boundary between the towns of North Hudson and Keene in Essex County, New York.	Dix Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalhu Dasht-e Bala (Persian: كلهودشت بالا‎, also Romanized as Kalhū Dasht-e Bālā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalhu Dasht-e Bala	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hailanjiang Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 海兰江体育场, Korean: 해란강체육장) is a multi-use stadium in Longjing, Yanbian, Jilin province, China.	Hailanjiang Stadium	Jilin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wistka Królewska (ˈvistka kruˈlɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wistka Królewska	Gmina Włocławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grotte de Rosée (Cave of Rosée) is located near Éhein in the municipality of Engis, in Belgium.	Grotte de Rosée	Engis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klonorejść (klɔˈnɔrɛi̯ɕt͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Klonorejść	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond National Battlefield Park commemorates more than 30 American Civil War sites around Richmond, Virginia, which served as the capital of the Confederate States of America for the majority of the war.	Richmond National Battlefield Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentrechwyth (English: village on the left) is a village in Swansea, Wales falling within the Bon-y-maen ward.	Pentrechwyth	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Raceway Park, also known as MRP, is an auto racing facility located in Mission, British Columbia, Canada.	Mission Raceway Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Rock (Cornish: Carrek Hyr) is a village in southwest Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Long Rock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion u Nisy is an all-seater football stadium in Liberec.	Stadion u Nisy	Liberec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stołowacz (stɔˈwɔvat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stołowacz	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congress Heights is a residential neighborhood in southeast Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Congress Heights	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mark's Cemetery is a historic cemetery located on E. Main Street on the corner of St. Mark's Place in Mount Kisco, Westchester County, New York.	St. Mark's Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Holstein Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 8D1) is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) west of the central business district of New Holstein, a city in Calumet County, Wisconsin, United States.	New Holstein Municipal Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parmich (Persian: پرمچ‎, also Romanized as Parmīch; also known as Parmenj and Pīr Mench) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Parmich	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Marble Cemetery is a historic cemetery founded in 1830, and located in the interior of the block bounded by East 2nd and 3rd Streets, 2nd Avenue, and Bowery, in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	New York Marble Cemetery	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Charles P. McCarthy House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Boise, Idaho in 1913.	Judge Charles P. McCarthy House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assebroek is a suburb in the municipality and city of Bruges, Belgium.	Assebroek	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalinowice Dolne (kalinɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Oberkunzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kalinowice Dolne	Gmina Ziębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menton (French pronunciation: ​(mɑ̃tɔ̃); Occitan: (meˈta), written Menton in classical norm or Mentan in Mistralian norm; Italian: Mentone (menˈtoːne)) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Menton	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVSB is a Classic Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Romney, West Virginia, serving Hampshire and Mineral counties in West Virginia.	WVSB	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pharwahi is a village located in Punjab, in Barnala district, on National Highway 64.	Pharwahi	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Society Meetinghouse is a historic church building on Long Society Road in Preston, Connecticut.	Long Society Meetinghouse	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bretforton is a rural village in Worcestershire, England.	Bretforton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Beach Island (colloquially known as LBI or simply The Island) is a barrier island and summer colony along the Atlantic Ocean coast of Ocean County, New Jersey in the United States.	Long Beach Island	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patliputra Stadium at the Patliputra Sports Complex is a multi-purpose stadium in Kankarbagh, Patna, Bihar.	Patliputra Sports Complex	Kankarbagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Lam Chung Reservoir (Chinese: 大欖涌水塘) is a reservoir in Tai Lam Country Park, Tai Lam Chung, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tai Lam Chung Reservoir	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babaj Boks is a village in the municipality of Gjakova in the District of Gjakova in southwest Kosovo near the border with Albania.	Babaj Boks	Gjakova
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilmette Public Library serves the residents of Kenilworth and Wilmette, Illinois on Chicago's North Shore.	Wilmette Public Library	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlabad (Persian: دول اباد‎, also Romanized as Dowlābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowlabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagaladi (Greek: Bagalades) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Reggio Calabria.	Bagaladi	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzeszkowice Małe (stʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Strzeszkowice Małe	Gmina Niedrzwica Duża
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deering Street Historic District is a historic district in the Downtown and Parkside neighborhoods of Portland, Maine.	Deering Street Historic District	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mollalar-e Mohammadreza Kandi (Persian: ملالارمحمدرضاكندي‎, also Romanized as Mollālār-e Moḩammadreẕā Kandī; also known as Mollālar) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mollalar-e Mohammadreza Kandi	Goyjah Bel Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The initial founders of Procés Constituent were economist and activist, Arcadi Oliveres, and medical doctor and nun, Teresa Forcades, who launched the initiative by publishing a Manifesto: call for a constituent process in Catalonia.	Procés Constituent	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maracalagonis, Mara-Calagonis in sardinian language (mara = marsh), is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of Cagliari.	Maracalagonis	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	TVF 50th Anniversary Sport Hall, (Turkish: TVF 50. Yıl Spor Salonu) is a volleyball and indoor beach volley hall situated within the Burhan Felek Sports Complex at Altunizade neighborhood of Üsküdar district in Istanbul, Turkey.	TVF 50th Anniversary Sport Hall	Üsküdar
located in the administrative territorial entity	New World Island is an island in Notre Dame Bay, just off the coast of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	New World Island	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: حاجي كلاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Ḩājjī Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hajji Kola-ye Sofla	Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge is a 45,730-acre (185.1 km2) wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas (USA), south of the towns of Sweeny and Brazoria, Texas.	San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dey's Arena, also known as Dey Brothers Rink, Dey's Skating Rink and The Arena, were a series of ice rinks and arenas located in Ottawa, Ontario, that hold importance in the early development of the organized sport of ice hockey in Canada.	Dey's Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paiguano (Spanish pronunciation: (paiˈɣwano)) or Paihuano ((paiˈwano)) is a small agricultural town and commune in the Elqui Province of the Coquimbo Region of Chile.	Paiguano	Elqui Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coxheath is a village and civil parish within the Borough of Maidstone, Kent, England.	Coxheath	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeremiah Dexter House is an historic colonial house at 957 North Main Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Jeremiah Dexter House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełstów (ˈxɛu̯stuf) (German: Groß Schönwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chełstów	Gmina Twardogóra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zomori (Persian: زمري‎, also Romanized as Zomorī) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zomori	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Kaministiquia (former spellings include Fort Camanistigoyan, Fort Kanastigoya, Fort Kamanastigoya and others), was a French fort located on the north shore of Lake Superior at Thunder Bay, Ontario at the mouth of the Kaministiquia River.	Fort Kaministiquia	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagińskie (baˈɡiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bagińskie	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Jami (Persian: ده جامی‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Jāmī, Deh-ī-Jāmī, and Deh Jāmī; also known as Dīh-ī-Jāmī) is a village in Bivanij Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Jami	Bivanij Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Próle (ˈprulɛ) (German: Prohlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Próle	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casteil (Catalan: Castell de Vernet) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France, part of the historical Conflent comarca.	Casteil	Conflent
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Johnston High School (also referred to as ``South'') is a high school for grades 9--12 located in Four Oaks, North Carolina, near Benson.	South Johnston High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duke Ellington Circle is a traffic circle located at the Northeast corner of Central Park at the foot of Fifth Avenue and of 110th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Duke Ellington Circle	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fair Isle (Old Norse Friðarey; Scottish Gaelic Fara) is an island in northern Scotland, lying around halfway between mainland Shetland and the Orkney islands.	Fair Isle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince George's Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel of ease located near Dagsboro, Sussex County, Delaware.	Prince George's Chapel	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torelló is a Spanish municipality in the comarca of Osona, in the Province of Barcelona, Catalonia.	Torelló	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Ahaki (Persian: دره اهكي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Āhakī) is a village in Khobriz Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Ahaki	Khobriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shibkuh (Persian: شيبكوه‎, also Romanized as Shībkūh) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shibkuh	Dar Pahn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stan Stamper Municipal Airport (IATA: HUJ, ICAO: KHHW, FAA LID: HHW) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of Hugo, a city in Choctaw County, Oklahoma, United States.	Stan Stamper Municipal Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bugtussle, Oklahoma is an unincorporated community located on the southern shores of Eufaula Lake, in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, USA and about 30 miles (48 km) west of Robbers Cave State Park, in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, USA, with a population of ``a few hundred''.	Bugtussle, Oklahoma	Pittsburg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oslomej (Macedonian: Осломеј , Albanian: Osllomej) is a village in Kičevo Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia.	Oslomej	Kičevo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casa Wiechers-Villaronga is a Neo-classical style mansion in Ponce, Puerto Rico designed and built in the early twentieth century.	Casa Wiechers-Villaronga	Ponce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarleton State University is a public, coeducational, state university located in Stephenville, Texas and is a member of the Texas A&M University System.	Tarleton State University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral Valley Corral was constructed around 1900 by local cattlemen in the northern portion of what is now Capitol Reef National Park in Utah.	Cathedral Valley Corral	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cupar Castle was a royal castle at Cupar, Fife, Scotland.	Cupar Castle	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Townhouse Row is a set of seven historic townhouses located at Chambersburg in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.	Townhouse Row	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goose Creek State Park is a North Carolina state park near Washington, Beaufort County, North Carolina in the United States.	Goose Creek State Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stubbs Road connects Happy Valley and The Peak area on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong, through an area near the Wong Nai Chung Gap.	Stubbs Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bęćkowo (bɛnt͡ɕˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bęćkowo	Gmina Szczuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pawliszcze (paˈvliʂt͡ʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Pawliszcze	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogiet is a village and community in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, between Caldicot and Magor, 8 miles (13 km) west of Chepstow and 11 miles (18 km) east of Newport, which covers an area of 847 hectares (3.27 sq mi).	Rogiet	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capel Colman is a parish in northeast Pembrokeshire, Wales, in the community of Boncath.	Capel Colman	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renwick Dam (National ID # ND00054) is a dam in Akra Township, Pembina County, North Dakota, USA, in the northeastern corner of the state.	Renwick Dam	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Hotel Carquinez or simply Hotel Carquinez is a registered historic place in Richmond, California.	New Hotel Carquinez	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colney Heath is a large village in Hertfordshire, England.	Colney Heath	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrews County Airport (FAA LID: E11), is located in Andrews, Texas, United States.	Andrews County Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Memorial Airport (FAA LID: K33) is a city owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) southwest of the central business district of Salem, a city in Dent County, Missouri, United States.	Salem Memorial Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cossatot Community College of the University of Arkansas (CCCUA) is a public community college serving southwest Arkansas.	Cossatot Community College	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwägalp Pass (el. 1,278 m or 4,193 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Alps between the cantons of St. Gallen and Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.	Schwägalp Pass	Appenzell Ausserrhoden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burn of Myrehouse is a coastal stream in Aberdeenshire in northeast Scotland discharging to Banff Bay.	Burn of Myrehouse	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryder Center is an athletics and recreational complex located on the campus of Saginaw Valley State University in University Center, Michigan, United States.	Ryder Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caraquet (API : /kaʁakɛt/) is a Canadian town in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.	Caraquet	Gloucester County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyrgoi (Greek: Πύργοι) (formerly Katranitsa and Kalavryta) is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality.	Pyrgoi	Eordaia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guro Station is a subway station in Guro District in Seoul, South Korea.	Guro Station	Guro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarkal (Persian: ازاركل‎, also Romanized as Āzārkal) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azarkal	Khvosh Rud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trstenci (Serbian: Трстенци) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Trstenci	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockland County Courthouse and Dutch Gardens is a historic county courthouse, public garden, and national historic district located at New City in Rockland County, New York.	Rockland County Courthouse and Dutch Gardens	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granville Female College was a historical women's college located in Granville, Ohio, United States.	Granville Female College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Gerd-e Keshtvarzeh (Persian: چالگردكشت ورزه‎, also Romanized as Chāl Gerd-e Keshtvarzeh; also known as Chālgah-e Keshtvarzeh) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chal Gerd-e Keshtvarzeh	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Olechów (ˈstarɨ ɔˈlɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Olechów	Gmina Sienno
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRMW ``Radio Maria'' (for: Radio Maria-Wisconsin) is a non-commercial FM broadcasting station at 91.3 MHz licensed to Peshtigo, Wisconsin serving the Sturgeon Bay area with Catholic programming.	WRMW	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	52 Broadway, formerly known as the Exchange Court Building or Chemical Bank Building is a high-rise building on Broadway in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City.	52 Broadway	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rattelsdorf is a community with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg (district).	Rattelsdorf	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Draddy Gymnasium is a 2,345-seat multi-purpose arena in the Bronx, New York.	Draddy Gymnasium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerdanyola del Vallès (Catalan pronunciation: (sərðəˈɲɔɫə ðəɫ βəˈʎɛs)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Occidental in Catalonia .	Cerdanyola del Vallès	Vallès Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cameron Bridge is a village in the conurbation of Levenmouth in Fife, Scotland.	Cameron Bridge	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Saidabad (Persian: محمدابادسعيداباد‎, also Romanized as Moḩmmadābād-e Sa``īdābād; also known as Moḩmmadābād-e Şadrī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 35 families.	Mohammadabad-e Saidabad	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph S. Stauffer Library or Stauffer is the main social science and humanities library of Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Joseph S. Stauffer Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opeongo Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the geographic townships of Bower, Dickson, Preston and Sproule in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Opeongo Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farsley is a town in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England 6 miles (9 km) to the west of Leeds city centre, and 4 miles (6 km) east of Bradford.	Farsley	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Much Hoole is a village and civil parish in the borough of South Ribble, Lancashire, England.	Much Hoole	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obierwia (ɔˈbjɛrvja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Obierwia	Gmina Lelis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupsk County (Polish: powiat słupski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the Baltic coast.	Słupsk County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	School of the Performing Arts in the Richmond Community (SPARC) is a school of performing arts established in Richmond, Virginia, United States in 1981.	School of the Performing Arts in the Richmond Community	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bromley-by-Bow, historically and officially Bromley, is a district in East London, England, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Bromley-by-Bow	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Operating for over 90 years, Royal Park Hospital was the first psychiatric hospital established in Victoria after the Lunacy Act of 1903, and was intended for patients with curable disorders.	Royal Park Hospital	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastman Business Park, formerly Kodak Park, is a large manufacturing and industrial complex in the city of Rochester, New York, in the United States.	Eastman Business Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terry Fox Field is a multi-purpose sport field on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby, British Columbia.	Terry Fox Field	Burnaby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfred and Plantagenet is a township in eastern Ontario, Canada, in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell at the confluence of the Ottawa River and the South Nation River.	Alfred and Plantagenet	United Counties of Prescott and Russell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomal District (Pashto: ګومل ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی گومل‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Gomal District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Warfare Center Warminster (IATA: NJP, ICAO: KNJP) was a U.S. Navy military installation located in Warminster, Pennsylvania and Ivyland, Pennsylvania.	Naval Air Warfare Center Warminster	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Simhastha Kumbh Mela in the Nashik district was originally held at Trimbak, but after a 1789 clash between Vaishnavites and Saivites over precedence of bathing, the Maratha Peshwa shifted the Vaishnavites' bathing place to Ramkund in Nashik city.	Trimbak	Nashik district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzeżuśnia (ʐɛˈʐuɕɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rzeżuśnia	Gmina Gołcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majorqaq is a meltwater river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Majorqaq	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Expo Hall is an indoor arena located at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa, Florida.	Expo Hall	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhengmo (Chinese: 正莫镇) is a township-level division of Xinle City, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhengmo	Xinle City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ocala National Forest ls the second largest nationally protected forest in the U.S. State of Florida.	Ocala National Forest	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senachwine Lake is a 3,324-acre (13.5 km²) riparian lake that forms part of the valley of the Illinois River.	Senachwine Lake	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Jolla Beach and Tennis Club is a private social club located on the shores of the exclusive La Jolla area of San Diego, California.	La Jolla Beach and Tennis Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	McMillan Sand Filtration Site is a twenty-five acre decommissioned water treatment plant in northwest Washington, D.C. connected to the McMillan Reservoir.	McMillan Sand Filtration Site	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Sai (Thai: ?) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Tha Sai	Mueang Chiang Rai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morvarid Darreh (Persian: مرواريددره‎, also Romanized as Morvārīd Darreh; also known as Morvārīd and Morvārīdar) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Morvarid Darreh	Nahr-e Mian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kut-e Navaser (Persian: كوت نواصر‎, also Romanized as Kūt-e Navāşer and Kūt on Navāşer) was a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kut-e Navaser	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cole's Pacific Electric Buffet, also known as Cole's P.E. Buffet, is a restaurant and bar located at 118 East 6th Street in the Historic Core district of downtown Los Angeles, California.	Cole's Pacific Electric Buffet	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avihang (Persian: اويهنگ‎, also Romanized as Āvīhang and Avīhang; also known as Āb-i-Hang) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Avihang	Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boręty (bɔˈrɛntɨ) (German: Barendt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Boręty	Gmina Lichnowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watuppa Ponds are two large, naturally occurring, spring-fed, glacially formed ponds located in Fall River and Westport, Massachusetts.	Watuppa Ponds	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watts Bar Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Meigs and Rhea counties in Tennessee, United States.	Watts Bar Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Toro High School is a public high school in Lake Forest, California, and is one of five high schools in the Saddleback Valley Unified School District (SVUSD).	El Toro High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojciechowice Małe (vɔi̯t͡ɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wojciechowice Małe	Gmina Krzyżanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadków Duchowny (ˈsatkuf duˈxɔvnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sadków Duchowny	Gmina Belsk Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Christie House is a large, flat-roofed Usonian on a wooded site in Bernardsville, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	James B. Christie House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hainan Normal University (simplified Chinese: 海南师范大学; traditional Chinese: 海南師範大學; pinyin: Hǎinán Shīfàn Dàxué), is located in Haikou city and is the province's oldest institution for higher learning.	Hainan Normal University	Haikou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arvada Downtown, also known as Olde Town Arvada (5JF1278), is a historic district in Arvada, Colorado bounded by Ralston Road, Teller Road, Grandview Avenue and Yukon Street.	Arvada Downtown	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khankuk (Persian: خنكوك‎, also Romanized as Khanḵūḵ; also known as Khūnīkūk) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khankuk	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montlhéry (French: (mɔ̃.le.ʁi)) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Montlhéry	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundanon is a large home near Nowra, New South Wales, Australia.	Bundanon	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	't Klooster is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten, near Bredevoort (Achterhoek region) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 500 inhabitants.	't Klooster	Aalten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest Fair Village (formerly Cincinnati Mall, Cincinnati Mills, and Forest Fair Mall) is a shopping mall in Forest Park in the northern suburbs of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, at the junction of Interstate 275 and Gilmore Road (Exit 39).	Forest Fair Village	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khas Morad (Persian: خاص مراد‎‎, also Romanized as Khāṣ Morād) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khas Morad	Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weeks Estate is a historic estate on U.S. Route 3 in Lancaster, New Hampshire.	Weeks Estate	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Hayyeh (Persian: باب هيه‎, also Romanized as Bāb Ḩayyeh; also known as Bābāhi, Bābhā’īyeh, Bābā Ḩayyeh, and Bābūyeh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Hayyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter Carsen Centre for The National Ballet of Canada is a building at 470 Queen's Quay West on the waterfront in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Walter Carsen Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondwana Rainforest Sanctuary, which was opened on 20 June 1992, was set up as an Australian wildlife refuge in the South Bank Parklands, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, following World Expo 88.	Gondwana Rainforest Sanctuary	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barking Power Station refers to a series of power stations at former and current sites within the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in east London.	Barking Power Station	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gelineh (Persian: چشمه گلینه‎‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gelīneh; also known as Cheshmeh Gīneh) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gelineh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freirina is a Chilean commune and town in Huasco Province, Atacama Region.	Freirina	Huasco Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaksmanice (jaksmaˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Medyka, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Jaksmanice	Gmina Medyka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges, in northern Santa Barbara County, California.	Solomon Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southill, Weymouth is a modern suburb of Weymouth, Dorset, England, and lies about 2 miles (3 km) north of the town centre.	Southill, Weymouth	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qomlijeh (Persian: قمليجه‎, also Romanized as Qomlījeh; also known as Qomīlījeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qomlijeh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thionville (French pronunciation: ​(tjɔ̃vil); Luxembourgish: Diddenuewen; German: Diedenhofen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Thionville	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Split Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Aireys Inlet, a small town on the Great Ocean Road, Victoria, Australia.	Split Point Lighthouse	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAFX-FM (95.5 FM, ``K-FOX 95.5'') is a radio station that airs a Top 40 (CHR) format in the Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas areas.	KAFX-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Rigi (Persian: قلعه ريگي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Rīgī) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 32 families.	Qaleh Rigi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasseh (Persian: حصه‎, also Romanized as Ḩaşşeh, Ḩaşeh, and Ḩasseh; also known as Hasteh and Shahrak ol Mahdī) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasseh	Qahab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narojki (naˈrɔi̯kʲi) (Ukrainian: Нарійки, Nariiky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Narojki	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klecienko (klɛˈt͡ɕɛnkɔ) (German: Neu Klessengrund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Klecienko	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odderøya Lighthouse (Norwegian: Odderøya fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located at Odderøya in Kristiansand, Norway.	Odderøya Lighthouse	Kristiansand
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFMQ (91.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Lebanon, Tennessee, USA, the station serves the Tennessee college area.	WFMQ	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vend-e Chal (Persian: وندچال‎, also Romanized as Vend-e Chāl) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vend-e Chal	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrząstów Wielki (ˈxʂɔ̃stuf ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chrząstów Wielki	Gmina Parzęczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idigh (also written Idirh) is a village in the commune of Tamtert, in Béni Abbès District, Béchar Province, Algeria.	Idigh	Béni Abbès District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bramall Hall is a Tudor manor house in Bramhall, within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.	Bramall Hall	Bramhall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Gifford Arboretum is an arboretum and botanical garden located at the northwest corner of the University of Miami campus in Coral Gables, Florida in the United States.	John C. Gifford Arboretum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaveh Malek (Persian: کاوه ملک‎, also Romanized as Kāveh Malek) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kaveh Malek	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jazz Showcase is the oldest jazz club in Chicago, Illinois, founded in 1947 by NEA Jazz Master Joe Segal, who still owns and operates the venue.	The Jazz Showcase	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marina Green in San Francisco, California, is a 74-acre (300,000 m2) expanse of grass between Fort Mason and the Presidio.	Marina Green	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyestanak (Persian: نيستانك‎, also Romanized as Neyestānak and Naistānak) is a village in Baharestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Neyestanak	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coeur d'Alene Mountains are the northwestern-most portion of the Bitterroot Range, part of the Rocky Mountains, located in northern Idaho and westernmost Montana in the Western United States.	Coeur d'Alene Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Street Arena, also known as the Hamilton Forum, was the main sports arena located in downtown Hamilton, Ontario, on Barton Street between Sanford Street and Wentworth Street.	Barton Street Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Storrier-Stearns Japanese Garden is a Japanese garden located at 270 Arlington Drive in Pasadena, California.	Storrier-Stearns Japanese Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dogmersfield is a small village between the towns of Fleet and Hartley Wintney located in Hampshire, England.	Dogmersfield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matmari also spelled as Matamari (Kannada: ಮಟಮಾರಿ ) is a village in the Raichur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Matmari	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midtown Centre is a business park located in the Jacksonville, Florida neighborhood of St. Nicholas.	Midtown Centre	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guanghai (广海) is a town under the jurisdiction of Taishan, in the Guangdong province in southern China.	Guanghai	Taishan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelló d'Empúries is a town and municipality in the Alt Empordà in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Castelló d'Empúries	Alt Empordà	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cemmaes (Welsh: Cemaes) is a village in northern Powys, Wales.	Cemmaes	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carolina Entertainment Complex is an outdoor theater, built in Marion, South Carolina, with a capacity of 6,909 and 3.5 acres (14,000 m2) of lawn seating and full-service concession stands.	Carolina Entertainment Complex	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karistu (Persian: كريستو‎, also Romanized as Karīstū) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karistu	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaftareh (Persian: كفتاره‎, also Romanized as Kaftāreh; also known as Kaftārī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kaftareh	Arshaq Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llys y Fran is a small village and parish in the community of New Moat on the southern slopes of the Preseli Mountains in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Llys y Fran	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuendettelsau is situated 20 miles southwest of Nuremberg and 12 miles east of Ansbach.	Neuendettelsau	Ansbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonathan Corwin House in Salem, Massachusetts, USA -- known as The Witch House -- was the home of Judge Jonathan Corwin (1640--1718) and is the only structure still standing with direct ties to the Salem witch trials of 1692.	The Witch House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shawnee Hotel, now called Shawnee Place, is a historic building in Springfield, Ohio.	Shawnee Hotel	Springfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gulf Islands are the islands in the Strait of Georgia (also known as Salish Sea or the Gulf of Georgia), between Vancouver Island and the mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Gulf Islands	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Niaz (Persian: شاه نياز‎, also Romanized as Shāh Nīāz) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shah Niaz	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Sandy Creek is a small tributary to Lake Ontario in Jefferson and Lewis counties in the U.S. state of New York.	South Sandy Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	News/North (originally the News of the North) is a newspaper based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, with offices in Fort Smith, Hay River, Fort Providence and Norman Wells, Northwest Territories, as well as Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet, Nunavut, and owned by Northern News Services.	News/North	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coolkenno (Irish: Cuil Ui Caoinaith meaning The Nook of The Ui Caoinaith clan) is a village in County Wicklow in Ireland.	Coolkenno	County Wicklow
located in the administrative territorial entity	25 The Esplanade is a skyscraper located in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	25 The Esplanade	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grimstad ( listen ) is a town and municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Grimstad	Aust-Agder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ipiales is a city in Nariño Department, Colombia, near the border with Ecuador.	Ipiales	Nariño Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilazgi (Persian: ايلزگي‎, also Romanized as Īlazgī) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilazgi	Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorehead Circle was a triple woodhenge constructed about two millennia ago at the Fort Ancient Earthworks in the U.S. state of Ohio.	Moorehead Circle	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake (UPD) is a police department located in Salt Lake County, Utah.	Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake	Salt Lake County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piper's Pool (or Pipers Pool) is a hamlet in east Cornwall, England, UK.	Piper's Pool	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajub (Persian: راجوب‎, also Romanized as Rājūb; also known as Rājū) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rajub	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Cross Polish National Catholic Church was a historic Polish National Catholic church at Third and Queen in Pe Ell, Washington.	Holy Cross Polish National Catholic Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olsze (ˈɔlʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Olsze	Gmina Morzeszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neelamperoor is a village in the Alappuzha district, Kerala.	Neelamperoor	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieszęta (t͡ɕɛˈʂɛnta) (German: Sonnenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cieszęta	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daytonnati is the region that includes the metropolitan areas of Cincinnati and Dayton in Ohio.	Daytonnati	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Bank Catholic High School is a four-year private coeducational Roman Catholic high school, located in Red Bank in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades, operating under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton.	Red Bank Catholic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmowo (palˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Palmowo	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint Creek Water Park, located in Wiggins, Mississippi, is part of the Pat Harrison Waterway District, which is a Mississippi State Agency providing outdoor recreation and management of the Pascagoula River Basin.	Flint Creek Water Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karakonam is a town in Kunnathukal, Perumkadavila Block Panchayat, of Thiruvananthapuram district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Karakonam	Thiruvananthapuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uthukadu (Tamil: ஊத்துக்காடு) is a small village in Walajabad panchayat union, Kanchipuram district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Uthukadu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eylar (Persian: ايلر‎) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Eylar	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mobaraki-ye Seh (Persian: مباركي سه‎, also Romanized as Mobārakī-ye Seh and Mobārakī Seh; also known as Mobārakeh-ye Seh, Mobārakī, and Mobārakī-yeh Seh) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mobaraki-ye Seh	Soveyseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Canyon is a canyon on the western side of the Spring Mountains, partially within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, in Clark County, southern Nevada west of the Las Vegas Valley.	Carpenter Canyon	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoe Shop-Doucette Ten Footer is a historic wooden building at 36 William Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Shoe Shop-Doucette Ten Footer	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Lagos Region (Spanish: X Región de Los Lagos, literally Region of the Lakes) is one of Chile's 15 regions, which are first order administrative divisions, and comprises four provinces:	Los Lagos Region	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alti Aghaj-e Kuchak (Persian: التي اغاج كوچك‎, also Romanized as Āltī Āghāj-e Kūchak) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alti Aghaj-e Kuchak	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Koli (Persian: گاوكلي‎, also Romanized as Gāv Kolī; also known as Gāvgolī) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gav Koli	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freehold Jewish Center, also referred to as ``Congregation Agudath Achim'', is a synagogue in Freehold, New Jersey.	Freehold Jewish Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shing Wong Street (Chinese: 城皇街) is a street on the hill slope of Sheung Wan and Mid-levels, Hong Kong.	Shing Wong Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owrganjeh (Persian: اورگنجه‎, also Romanized as Ūrganjeh) is a village in Bizineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Owrganjeh	Bizineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panj Mahall (Persian: پنج محل‎, also Romanized as Panj Maḩal and Panj Maḩall) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Panj Mahall	Shapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hateruma (波照間島; Hateruma-jima; Yaeyama: Hatirooma Okinawan: Hatiruma) is an island in the Yaeyama District of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.	Hateruma	Yaeyama District	Okinawa Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ballou-Weatherhead House (or ``Welcome Weatherhead House'') is an historic house on Tower Hill Road in Cumberland, Rhode Island.	Ballou-Weatherhead House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Church, also known as The Brick Church, and formally as St. Thomas Episcopal Church and St. Thomas and St. Dennis Parish Church, is an historic church north of Cainhoy in Berkeley County, South Carolina.	White Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ba Qala Dun (Persian: باقلادون‎, also Romanized as Bā Qalā Dūn; also known as Bā Qaleh Dān) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ba Qala Dun	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jeremiah Morrow Bridge is a pair of parallel continuous truss bridges which span the Little Miami River gorge between Fort Ancient and Oregonia, Ohio.	Jeremiah Morrow Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamchal (Persian: چمچال‎, also Romanized as Chamchāl) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chamchal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfred Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Alfred in Allegany County, New York, in the United States.	Alfred Village Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoney Creek Independent Presbyterian Chapel of Prince William Parish or Stoney Creek Presbyterian Chapel is a chapel in southeastern Hampton County, South Carolina, United States in the unincorporated community of McPhersonville, South Carolina about 4 mi (6 km) west of Yemassee.	Stoney Creek Independent Presbyterian Chapel of Prince William Parish	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manendragarh is a municipal city of the Koriya district that is a part of the state of Chhattisgarh.	Manendragarh	Koriya district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizeljsko (pronounced (biˈzeːlskɔ); German: Wisell) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia.	Bizeljsko	Brežice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicholas Haring House is a historical house located in Rockleigh, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Nicholas Haring House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former William Penn High School for Girls, now known as Franklin Learning Center High School, is a historic high school building located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	William Penn High School for Girls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Rumockie (ˈbudɨ ruˈmɔt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Rumockie	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Persian Resort was a themed hotel planned for Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.	Disney's Persian Resort	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danielson Airport (ICAO: KLZD, FAA LID: LZD, formerly 5B3) is a state owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Danielson, a borough in the town of Killingly in Windham County, Connecticut, United States.	Danielson Airport	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Bay Sands is a popular beach and campgrounds in Northern Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Northern Bay Sands	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQLC (102.1 FM) is a country music formatted radio station primarily serving the Lake City, Florida, area, owned by Fred Dockins, through licensee Dockins Broadcast Group, LLC.	WQLC	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacob Keller Farm, also known as the Covered Bridge Inn-Bed and Breakfast, is a historic home and grist mill located at Ephrata Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Jacob Keller Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chappaquiddick incident was a single-vehicle automobile accident on Chappaquiddick Island, Massachusetts on July 18, 1969.	Chappaquiddick incident	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Więsławice (vjɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Więsławice	Gmina Kowal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duday (Persian: دوداي‎, also Romanized as Dūdāy; also known as Dadāy) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District, Aras District, Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Duday	Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheiwa (Urdu, Punjabi: کھیوہ) is a town of Jhang District located on Jhang Chiniot road.	Kheiwa	Jhang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velòdrom del Tirador is a velodrome located in Palma de Mallorca, (Mallorca, Balearic Islands, Spain).	Velòdrom del Tirador	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Wierzchowo (ˈstarɛ vjɛʂˈxɔvɔ) (formerly German Sassenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stare Wierzchowo	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adirondack Park includes New York's Forest Preserve in Upstate New York, United States.	Adirondack Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waza Khwa District (Pashto: وازه خوا ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی وازه‌خواه‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Waza Khwa District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glynado (Γλυνάδο) is a community on the island of Naxos, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Glynado	Naxos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mini Stack is the freeway interchange among Interstate 10, State Route 51, and Loop 202 in Phoenix, Arizona, United States, located northeast of downtown.	Mini Stack	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Built in 1873, the Mount Forest United Church is an important part of the local history of Mount Forest, Ontario, and continues to be one of the most historical, and recognizable landmarks of the area.	Mount Forest United Church	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Jersey is a colloquial term, with no precise consensus definition, for the northern portion of the U.S. state of New Jersey.	North Jersey	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sansanding is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Sansanding	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Terechowska (ˈvulka tɛrɛˈxɔfska) (Ukrainian: Вілька Терехівська, Vil’ka Terekhivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wólka Terechowska	Gmina Czeremcha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trnovlje pri Celju (pronounced (təɾˈnoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈtsɛːlju)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Trnovlje pri Celju	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Vin (Persian: سيوين‎, also Romanized as Sī Vīn) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Si Vin	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withernsea is a seaside resort town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, and forms the focal point for a wider community of small villages in Holderness.	Withernsea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Mangshila is a village in Mangan subdivision, North Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.	Lower Mangshila	North Sikkim district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangabad (Persian: هنگ اباد‎, also Romanized as Hangābād) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hangabad	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montjuïc Cemetery, known in Catalan as Cementiri del Sud-oest or Cementiri de Montjuïc, is located on one of the rocky slopes of Montjuïc hill in Barcelona.	Montjuïc Cemetery	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerome State Historic Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, featuring the Douglas Mansion, built in 1916 by a family of influential mining entrepreneurs in Jerome, Arizona, a mining region in the northeast of the Black Hills, east Yavapai County.	Jerome State Historic Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gardena Willows Wetland Preserve occupies 13.6 acres (55,000 m2) of land owned by the City of Gardena, in Los Angeles County, California.	Gardena Willows Wetland Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Høvik is a suburban area in the municipality of Bærum, Akershus, Norway, in the Oslo metropolitan area.	Høvik	Akershus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aholming is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Germany.	Aholming	Deggendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahia (locally (baˈi.ɐ)) is one of the 26 states of Brazil and is located in the northeastern part of the country on the Atlantic coast.	Bahia	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olentangy Park (1880 to 1939) was an amusement park in Columbus, Ohio.	Olentangy Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arthur Avenue is a street in the Belmont section of the Bronx, New York City's northernmost borough.	Arthur Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasota Jungle Gardens has been a tourist attraction in Sarasota, Florida in the United States since 1936.	Sarasota Jungle Gardens	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murgah-e Baba Monir (Persian: مورگاه بابامنير‎, also Romanized as Mūrgāh-e Bābā Monīr) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Murgah-e Baba Monir	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Court Building is an office building in Buffalo, New York located on the corner of Main Street and Court Street across the Buffalo Metro Rail from Lafayette Square.	Main Court Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusek Mały (ˈrusɛk ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Rauschken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rusek Mały	Gmina Dźwierzuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Floyd W. Jones Lebanon Airport (ICAO: KLBO, FAA LID: LBO) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Lebanon, a city in Laclede County, Missouri, United States.	Floyd W. Jones Lebanon Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canoona River is located on Princess Royal Island on the Inside Passage of British Columbia.	Canoona River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchomino (vjɛʂxɔˈminɔ) (formerly German Varchmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wierzchomino	Gmina Będzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	One57, formerly known as Carnegie 57, (nicknamed ``The Billionaire Building'') is a 75-story (marketed as 90-story) supertall skyscraper at 157 West 57th Street in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	One57	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heshmatabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان حشمت آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Heshmatabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odwiśle (ɔdˈviɕlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Odwiśle	Gmina Igołomia-Wawrzeńczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lockyer Valley is an area of rich farmlands that lies to the west of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia and east of Toowoomba.	Lockyer Valley	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hood Strip (ICAO: PALH, FAA LID: LHD) is a state-owned public-use general aviation airstrip adjacent to the Lake Hood Seaplane Base (ICAO: PALH, FAA LID: LHD), three miles (5 km) southwest of downtown Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Lake Hood Strip	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	K. Chappathu (also known as K. Chappath or Karimkulam Chappathu) is a village located in the Idukki district of Kerala, India.	K. Chappathu	Idukki district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palisades Amusement Park was a thirty-acre amusement park located in Bergen County, New Jersey, across the Hudson River from New York City.	Palisades Amusement Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aken (Elbe) (German pronunciation: (ˈaːkən)) is a town in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Aken (Elbe)	Anhalt-Bitterfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tony and Nancy Moye Football and Lacrosse Complex (also known as Moye Complex or Five Star Stadium) is a 10,200 seat football and lacrosse stadium on the campus of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, United States.	Moye Complex	Macon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Boulder Lakes are a chain of thirteen small alpine and glacial Paternoster lakes in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Big Boulder Lakes	Custer County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forbidden Plateau is a small, hilly plateau in the east of the Vancouver Island Ranges in British Columbia, located northwest of Comox Lake roughly between Mount Albert Edward to the southwest and Mount Washington (site of the Mount Washington Alpine Resort) to the northeast.	Forbidden Plateau	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAKX (98.7 FM, ``KIX Country 98.7'') is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Palm Coast, Florida.	WAKX	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eleanor Schonell Bridge, better known as the Green Bridge, is a 390-metre (1,280 ft)-long cable-stayed bridge which crosses the Brisbane River between Dutton Park and the University of Queensland's St Lucia campus, connecting the UQ Lakes and Dutton Park Place busway stations.	Eleanor Schonell Bridge	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Sex, also known as MoSex, is a sex museum located at 233 Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 27th Street in Manhattan, New York City.	Museum of Sex	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollis/Brookline High School is a public school located in Hollis, New Hampshire, serving the towns of Hollis and Brookline.	Hollis/Brookline High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oyangudi is a small village situated near Nazareth in Thoothukudi District of Tamil Nadu, India.	Oyangudi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amet is a city and a municipality in Rajsamand district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Amet	Rajsamand district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malvern Hill stands on the north bank of the James River in Henrico County, Virginia, USA, about eighteen miles southeast of Richmond.	Malvern Hill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescenzago is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 2 administrative division, north-east of the city centre.	Crescenzago	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amaniyeh (Persian: امانيه‎, also Romanized as Āmānīyeh) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Amaniyeh	Khoshkrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drawbridge Peak is located on the Continental Divide along the provincial borders of Alberta and British Columbia.	Drawbridge Peak	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowo-Osada (ɡraˈbɔvɔ ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabowo-Osada	Gmina Lubawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leo Carrillo State Park is a state park of California, United States, and a component of Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area preserving 1.5 miles (2.4 km) of beach at the foot of the Santa Monica Mountains.	Leo Carrillo State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Berar (Persian: اقابرار‎, also Romanized as Āqā Berār) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Aqa Berar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Kuhestan (Persian: امامزاده كوهستان‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Kūhestān) is a village in Fishvar Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Kuhestan	Fishvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thuthiyoor is village in Thrikkakkara grama panchayath, Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	Thuthiyoor	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Resting Spring Range is found in the eastern Mojave Desert of California near the Nevada state line in the United States.	Resting Spring Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omak School District, officially known as Omak School District 19, is a school district that serves Omak, Washington, a city in the Okanogan region of United States.	Omak School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muggowal (pronounced /muhgWoll/) is an agricultural village in the Hoshiarpur District of Punjab in India.	Muggowal	Hoshiarpur	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lonesome Pine Airport (IATA: LNP, ICAO: KLNP, FAA LID: LNP) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district (CBD) of Wise, a town in Wise County, Virginia, USA.	Lonesome Pine Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belcher's (Chinese: 寶翠園; Jyutping: bou2 ceoi3 jyun4) is a high-rise residential development situated in the Western Pok Fu Lam/Western Mid-levels area of Hong Kong Island.	The Belcher's	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garwacz (ˈɡarvat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Garwacz	Gmina Bodzanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Rostam (Persian: پايين رستم‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Rostam) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Rostam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pocześle (pɔˈt͡ʂɛɕlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pocześle	Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Gastein is located in the historic Pongau region, the municipal area of about 171 square kilometres (66 sq mi) is the largest in St. Johann im Pongau District.	Bad Gastein	St. Johann im Pongau District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snaith is a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Goole on the A1041 at its junction with the A645.	Snaith	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizaj-e Bala (Persian: ديزج بالا‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Bālā) is a village in Mojezat Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Bala	Mojezat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaparral Prairie State Nature Preserve is a 67-acre (27 ha) nature preserve located in Adams County, Ohio, United States, near the city of West Union.	Chaparral Prairie State Nature Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skidaway Institute of Oceanography (SkIO) is an internationally renowned marine science research institute located on the northern end of Skidaway Island near Savannah, Georgia, USA.	Skidaway Institute of Oceanography	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rugby Park is a football stadium situated in the Scottish town of Kilmarnock.	Rugby Park	Kilmarnock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallivue High School is a four-year public secondary school in Caldwell, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Vallivue School District.	Vallivue High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frączkowo (frɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) (German Fritzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Frączkowo	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Theater of Ardmore is a historic theater building in Ardmore, Oklahoma, United States.	Black Theater of Ardmore	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melangadi is a small town near to Calicut Airport and Kondotty town in Malappuram district, Kerala state, India.	Melangadi	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeyapa (Persian: قياپا‎, also Romanized as Qeyāpā, Qīāpā, and Qīyāpā; also known as Ghīyapa) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeyapa	Rostaq Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Fashapuyeh (Persian: كوشك فشاپويه‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Fashāpūyeh; also known as Kūshk and Kūshkak) is a village in Koleyn Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Fashapuyeh	Koleyn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Walk Shoppes, is an open air shopping mall located in Daytona Beach, Florida.	Ocean Walk Shoppes	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ballarat Botanical Gardens Reserve, located on the western shore of picturesque Lake Wendouree, in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, covers an area of 40 hectares which is divided into three distinct zones.	Ballarat Botanical Gardens	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przygodziczki (pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przygodziczki	Gmina Przygodzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merriwagga is a town in the northern part of the Riverina region of the Australian state of New South Wales.	Merriwagga	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Araria district is one of the thirty-eight districts of Bihar state, India, and has the following villages:	Araria district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mungana is a neighbourhood in Chillagoe, north Queensland, Australia.	Mungana	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Rizak Habibollah (Persian: چشمه ريزك حبيب اله‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rīzak Ḩabībollah) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Rizak Habibollah	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woolsey Finnell Bridge is the four-lane, girder bridge spanning the Black Warrior River along U.S. Route 82 (McFarland Boulevard) in Tuscaloosa, Alabama that opened in 1961.	Woolsey Finnell Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere Grande Ammiraglio Thaon di Revel (official name: lungotevere Grande A.glio Thaon di Revel) is the stretch of lungotevere which links ponte Duca d'Aosta to the via Flaminia, in Rome, quarter Flaminio.	Lungotevere Grande Ammiraglio Thaon di Revel	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anne Beadell Highway is an outback unsealed track linking Coober Pedy, South Australia, and Laverton, Western Australia, a total distance of 1,325 km (823 mi).	Anne Beadell Highway	South Australia	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watarru Indigenous Protected Area is an Indigenous Protected Area in the north west corner of South Australia.	Watarru Indigenous Protected Area	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium is a stadium in the Inwood neighborhood at the northern tip of the island of Manhattan, New York City.	Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnet Museum is in the London Borough of Barnet.	Barnet Museum	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenton railway station is located about 0.5 miles from the village of Shenton, Leicestershire, England.	Shenton railway station	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rud Zard Rural District (Persian: دهستان رودزرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rud Zard Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuin-e Olya (Persian: كويين عليا‎, also Romanized as Kū’īn-e ``Olyā; also known as Kū’īn) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 25 families.	Kuin-e Olya	Bala Taleqan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bo Phak (Thai: บ่อภาค) is a subdistrict in the Chat Trakan District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Bo Phak	Chat Trakan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carl Sandburg High School, Sandburg, or CSHS, is a public four-year high school located at the intersection of La Grange Road and 131st Street in Orland Park, Illinois, a southwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Carl Sandburg High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJSO-FM is a french language hot adult contemporary radio station that operates at 101.7 FM in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec, Canada.	CJSO-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodland Park School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Woodland Park (formerly known as West Paterson), in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Woodland Park School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavla is a town, and a municipality, in Ahmedabad district, in the state of Gujarat, India.	Bavla	Ahmedabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Osińska (ˈvɔla ɔˈɕiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Osińska	Gmina Żyrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karguh (Persian: كرگوه‎, also Romanized as Kārgūh; also known as Kārgū) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Karguh	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Seattle College Arboretum (formerly South Seattle Community College Arboretum, renamed with the college in March 2014) is a 6-acre (24,000 m2) arboretum and botanical garden located at the north end of the South Seattle College campus in Seattle, Washington.	South Seattle College Arboretum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bicentennial Square, formerly known as Centenary Square, is located in the heart of Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia.	Bicentennial Square	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ossówno (ɔsˈsuvnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ossówno	Gmina Wierzbno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palang Azad (Persian: پلنگ ازاد‎, also Romanized as Palang Āzād) is a village in Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Palang Azad	Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwong Wah Hospital (Chinese: 廣華醫院) is a 1,141-bed public, teaching hospital in Yau Ma Tei, Hong Kong.	Kwong Wah Hospital	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Groeningemuseum is a municipal museum in Bruges, Belgium, built on the site of the medieval Eekhout Abbey.	Groeningemuseum	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobson Yacht Club (DYC) is a private yacht club based in Westmount, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Dobson Yacht Club	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubotyń-Kolonia (luˈbɔtɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lubotyń-Kolonia	Gmina Stary Lubotyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isay (Scottish Gaelic: Ìosaigh, pronounced (ˈiəs̪aj)) is an uninhabited island in the Inner Hebrides of the west coast of Scotland.	Isay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paluzza (Friulian: Paluce) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.	Paluzza	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anderson-Carlson Building is a historic six-flat apartment building in the West Ridge community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Anderson-Carlson Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fan Sin Temple, alias ``Fan Sin Kung'' or ``Fan Sin Miu'' (樊仙宮), is a temple in Hong Kong, located in Sheung Wun Yiu, Tai Po.	Fan Sin Temple	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKZP (95.9 FM) is a radio station serving Salisbury and Ocean City, Maryland, as well as Sussex County, Delaware.	WKZP	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newtongrange ( listen ) is a former mining village in Midlothian, Scotland.	Newtongrange	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelambar is an administrative village (kelurahan) of Grogol Petamburan, West Jakarta, Indonesia.	Jelambar	Grogol Petamburan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čimelice is a larger village in the north of the Písek District, along the route which connects South Bohemia with Prague and which is widely known as ``R4'' or ``Strakonická'' (named after the town of Strakonice).	Čimelice	Písek District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhainsrorgarh Fort or Bhainsror Fort is an ancient fort that has become a major tourist spot in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Bhainsrorgarh	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of Bury St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk.	Tostock	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Preston Monument is a stone marker that shows tri-point (the place where three states meet) of Oklahoma, Colorado, and New Mexico.	Preston Monument	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horbova (Ukrainian: Горбова; Romanian: Horbova) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Horbova	Hertsa Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount McConnel National Recreation Trail is a hiking trail in the Cache La Poudre Wilderness of Roosevelt National Forest west of Fort Collins, Colorado.	Mount McConnel National Recreation Trail	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZSU is a freeform FM radio station broadcasting from the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California, USA.	KZSU	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Annamede'', also known as Davisson-Blair Farm, is a historic home located near Walkersville, Lewis County, West Virginia.	Annamede	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Het Steen is a medieval fortress in the old city centre of Antwerp, Belgium, one of Europe's biggest ports.	Het Steen	Antwerp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Eshkut (Persian: دراشكوت‎, also Romanized as Dar Eshkūt; also known as Dar Eshkū and Darreh Eshkū) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Eshkut	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In terms of the Côte d'Or hillside, Chevalier-Montrachet is located above Montrachet, and is located highest of the five ``Montrachet'' vineyards.	Chevalier-Montrachet	Côte d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Battle Park is a park located in the Oldman River valley urban park system of Lethbridge, Alberta.	Indian Battle Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cadwallader Range, originally named the Cadwallader Mountains, is a sub-range of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the Bridge River-Lillooet Country of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located between the south end of Anderson Lake (E) and the Hurley River.	Cadwallader Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The intersection of King and Story serves as an important marker for the center in East San Jose, California.	King and Story	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkhuran (Persian: كلخوران‎, also Romanized as Kalkhūrān) is a village in Hir Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kalkhuran	Hir Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esenboğa International Airport (IATA: ESB, ICAO: LTAC) (Turkish: Ankara Esenboğa Havalimanı or Esenboğa Uluslararası Havalimanı), is the international airport of Ankara, the capital city of Turkey.	Esenboğa International Airport	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Essex Agricultural and Technical High School was an agricultural and technical high school located in Hathorne section of Danvers, Massachusetts.	Essex Agricultural and Technical High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Hoffmann is a prominent peak in northeastern Mariposa County in the center of Yosemite National Park, California, United States.	Mount Hoffmann	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartnes Church (Norwegian: Bartnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bartnes Church	Steinkjer
located in the administrative territorial entity	War Eagle Mill is a working gristmill in Benton County, Arkansas.	War Eagle Mill	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narol-Wieś (ˈnarɔl ˈvʲɛɕ) (Ukrainian: Наріль-Село, Naril''-Selo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Narol-Wieś	Gmina Narol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finse is a mountain village area on the shore of the lake Finsevatnet in Ulvik municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Finse	Ulvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midong District (Pinyin: Mǐdōng Qū Uyghur: میدونگ رايونى‎, ULY: Midong Rayoni, UYY: Midong Rayoni?) is a county in the Prefecture-level city of Ürümqi, which is the capital region of China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.	Midong District	Ürümqi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Shamrock is a historic bar in the Inner Sunset district in San Francisco, California.	The Little Shamrock	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh-ye Samavat (Persian: پشته سماوات‎, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Samāvāt; also known as Cheshmeh Samāvāt, Mashhadī Qāsem-e Samāvāt, and Posht Samāvāt) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Poshteh-ye Samavat	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Batiscan River is located in La Mauricie administrative region, in the Quebec province, Canada.	Batiscan River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzysztoforowo (kʂɨʂtɔfɔˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krzysztoforowo	Gmina Sidra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brigham Young Oil Well is an oil seep near Evanston, Wyoming that was discovered and used by the original Mormon expedition to Utah under the leadership of Brigham Young.	Brigham Young Oil Well	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudhaleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رودحله‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Rig District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Rudhaleh Rural District	Rig District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rąbień (ˈrɔmbʲɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rąbień	Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelfield is a small village to the north of Walsall in the West Midlands conurbation.	Shelfield	Walsall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Farhan (Persian: بنه فرهان‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Farhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Farhan	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Soltan (Persian: چشمه سلطان‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Solţān; also known as Cheshmeh Solţār) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Soltan	Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gérardmer (French pronunciation: ​(ʒeʁaʁme); German: Gerdsee or archaic Geroldsee) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Gérardmer	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Star Mine and Powerhouse are located on Lafayette Hill a short distance south of Grass Valley in the U.S. state of California.	North Star Mine and Powerhouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radomiłowice (radɔmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radomiłowice	Gmina Lwówek Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szwejki Wielkie (ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Szwejki Wielkie	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coconino Plateau is found south of the Grand Canyon and north--northwest of Flagstaff, in northern Arizona of the Southwestern United States.	Coconino Plateau	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koniemłoty (kɔɲemˈwɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Koniemłoty	Gmina Staszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwu Tung (Chinese: 古洞) is an area in the northern New Territories, west of Sheung Shui and Fanling, and east of Lok Ma Chau and San Tin, in Hong Kong.	Kwu Tung	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lyndon B. Johnson (more commonly referred to as Lake LBJ and originally named Lake Granite Shoals) is a reservoir on the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States.	Lake Lyndon B. Johnson	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSLX-FM is a Classic rock radio station serving the Phoenix, Arizona area.	KSLX-FM	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Milton Corrêa, usually known as Zerão, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Macapá, Brazil.	Zerão	Macapá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahr (Persian: ظهر‎, also Romanized as Z̧ahr and Z̧ehr; also known as Kalāteh-ye Z̧ahr and Kalāteh-ye Z̧ehr) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zahr	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bom Jesus da Lapa is a municipality in Bahia, Brazil located 796 kilometres (495 mi) from the state capital.	Bom Jesus da Lapa	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edappon (ഇടപ്പോണ്‍) is a small town situated in Nooranad panchayat in Alappuzha district of the state of Kerala in South India.	Edappon	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okup Mały (ˈɔkup ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Okup Mały	Gmina Łask
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veshtan (Persian: وشتان‎, also Romanized as Veshtān and Voshtān) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Veshtan	Doboluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardens of the Fox Cities (35 acres) are nonprofit botanical gardens and an arboretum located in Appleton Memorial Park at 1313 Witzke Boulevard, Appleton, Wisconsin.	Gardens of the Fox Cities	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gugarchinak (Persian: گوگر چينک‎, also Romanized as Gūgarchīnak, Googar Chīnak, and Govarchīnak; also known as Gohār Chānak, Gowgarchīnīk, and Gūrchīnak) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Gugarchinak	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Market Tower is a skyscraper located at the corner of Illinois and Market streets in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Market Tower	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macombs Dam Park (mə-KOOMZ) is a park in the New York City borough of the Bronx.	Macombs Dam Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avenue de l'Opéra was created from 1864 to 1879 as part of Haussmann's renovation of Paris.	Avenue de l'Opéra	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meadowmount School of Music, founded in 1944 by Ivan Galamian, is a 7-week summer school in Westport in Upstate New York for accomplished young violinists, cellists, violists, and pianists training for professional careers in music.	Meadowmount School of Music	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miseno is one of the frazioni of the municipality of Bacoli in the Italian Province of Naples.	Miseno	Bacoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klakowo (klaˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Klakowo	Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schmeckfest (festival of tasting) is an annual four-day festival in Freeman, South Dakota, that celebrates the heritage and culture of Germans from Russia Mennonites who emigrated to North America starting in the 1870s.	Schmeckfest	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biscuit Fire was a wildfire that took place in 2002 that burned nearly 500,000 acres (2,000 km²) in the Siskiyou National Forest in southern Oregon and northern California, in the Western United States.	Biscuit Fire	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taveh Badom (Persian: طاوه بادام‎, also Romanized as Tāveh Bādom; also known as Kāveh Bādām and Tāvīeh Bādom) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Taveh Badom	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emerson Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California, 66 km (41 mi) northeast of Joshua Tree.	Emerson Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dinkey Lakes Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 45 miles (72 km) northeast of Fresno, in the state of California, USA.	Dinkey Lakes Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Chicago consists of several major port facilities within the city of Chicago, Illinois operated by the Illinois International Port District (formerly known as the Chicago Regional Port District).	Port of Chicago	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanka Kupala Park is a park in Minsk, Belarus located along Svislach river.	Yanka Kupala Park	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Elizabeth Way (QEW) is a 400-series highway in the Canadian province of Ontario linking Toronto with the Niagara Peninsula and Buffalo, New York.	Queen Elizabeth Way	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bocines (variant: San Martín de Bocines) is one of thirteen parishes (administrative divisions) in the Gozón municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Bocines	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teffont Evias, also Teffont Ewyas, past alternative spellings including Tevont Evias, is a small village and former civil parish in the south of Wiltshire, England.	Teffont Evias	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leduck Island is an island in the United States Virgin Islands, also spelled LeDuck Island, which is located 0.5 miles east of Sabbat Point in Johns Folly, separated from Saint John by the Sabbat Channel.	Leduck Island	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXRL is an AM radio station located in Lancaster, New York, serving the greater Buffalo market.	WXRL	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bost Building, also known as Columbia Hotel, is located on East Eighth Avenue (PA 837) in Homestead, Pennsylvania, United States.	Bost Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWMX is a commercial classic rock music radio station in Williams, Arizona, broadcasting to the Flagstaff-Prescott, Arizona, area on 96.7 FM.	KWMX	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monee Reservoir, located at 27341 Ridgeland Avenue, Monee, Illinois, is part of the Forest Preserve District of Will County.	Monee Reservoir	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siavan Mahalleh (Persian: سياوان محله‎, also Romanized as Sīāvān Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siavan Mahalleh	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horner Site', also known as Horner Site 48PA29, Creek Site, or Horner's Corner Site, is a Cody complex archaeological site near Cody, Wyoming.	Horner Site	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winston-Salem Open is a men's professional tennis tournament played on the ATP Tour at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina in the United States.	Winston-Salem Open	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łukęcin (wuˈkɛnt͡ɕin) (German Lüchenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łukęcin	Gmina Dziwnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Motor Racing Museum (NMRM) is located in the regional New South Wales city of Bathurst, approximately 200 km west of Sydney.	National Motor Racing Museum	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahnabad (Persian: مهن اباد‎, also Romanized as Mahnābād; also known as Mahābād and Mahīnābād) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahnabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plebanowo (plɛbaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Plebanowo	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Washington Alpine Resort is an alpine skiing ski resort located on Mount Washington on the eastern edge of the Vancouver Island Ranges in British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Washington Alpine Resort	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walla Walla University is a university offering liberal arts, professional, and technical programs located in College Place, Washington, just a few miles from Walla Walla.	Walla Walla University	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostry-Litwa (ˈkɔstrɨ ˈlitfa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kostry-Litwa	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonzaga Preparatory School in Spokane, Washington, is a private, Catholic high school in the Inland Northwest.	Gonzaga Preparatory School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lundamo Station (Norwegian: Lundamo stasjon) is a railway station in the village of Lundamo in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Lundamo Station	Melhus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stade de Paris (usually called Stade Bauer) is an 10,000-capacity football (soccer) stadium in Saint-Ouen, Seine-Saint-Denis in the northern suburbs of Paris.	Stade de Paris	Saint-Ouen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belle Air Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County, Virginia, USA.	Belle Air Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiteh Tala (Persian: حيطه طلا‎, also Romanized as Ḩīţeh Ţalā; also known as Ḩebţeh Ţalā) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hiteh Tala	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirling Aerodrome (TC LID: CPJ5) is located near Stirling, Ontario, Canada, north of Belleville.	Stirling Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Hammam-e Abu ol Hasan (Persian: سرحمام ابوالحسن كلا‎, also Romanized as Sar Ḩammām-e Abū ol Ḩasan Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sar Hammam-e Abu ol Hasan	Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Book Cliffs are a series of desert mountains and cliffs in western Colorado and eastern Utah, in the western United States.	Book Cliffs	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charleston Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 09M) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) south of the central business district of Charleston, a city in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi, United States.	Charleston Municipal Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garlieston is a small planned coastal village in Dumfries and Galloway, south west Scotland.	Garlieston	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Friends School was a 6-12 Quaker school with three campuses, two in Silver Spring, Maryland, U.S., and one in Alexandria, Virginia in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area.	Thornton Friends School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cacela Velha (meaning ``Old Cacela'' in Portuguese) is a village located in the civil parish of Vila Nova de Cacela, municipality of Vila Real de Santo António, Algarve, Portugal.	Cacela Velha	Vila Nova de Cacela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Jalil (Persian: حاجي جليل‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Jalīl; also known as Ḩājjīābād-e Jalīl) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Hajji Jalil	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saclas (French pronunciation: ​(sakla)) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Saclas	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riz Rural District (Persian: دهستان ريز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Riz District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Riz Rural District	Riz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiellen 2, properly known as Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2, is an Indian Reserve on the north coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands, British Columbia, Canada.	Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Il Yurdi (Persian: ايل يوردي ‎, also Romanized as Īl Yūrdī; also known as Shāh Goldī and Shāh Yūrdī) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Il Yurdi	Seyyedan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodford Street Historic District includes a cohesive collection of five triple decker houses at 35-39 and 38-40 Woodford Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Woodford Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Roseg (pronounced as peetse rawzech) is a mountain of the Bernina Range, overlooking the Val Roseg in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Roseg	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kmiecin (ˈkmjɛt͡ɕin) (German: Fürstenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kmiecin	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blenio was created on 22 October 2006 when it incorporated the formerly autonomous municipalities of Aquila, Campo Blenio, Ghirone, Olivone and Torre of the upper Blenio valley.	Blenio	Olivone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warny (ˈvarnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warny	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latonice (latɔˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Latonice	Gmina Nowe Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad (Persian: مزرعه اسکندر آباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Eskandarābād; also known as Eskandarābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad	Forumad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawford Square is a New Urbanist style housing development located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Crawford Square	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harz National Park is a nature reserve in the German federal states of Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt.	Harz National Park	Lower Saxony	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ani Rural District (Persian: دهستان اني‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ani Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelson Field is a multi-use stadium in Austin, Texas, located on the north side of U.S. Route 290 at the junction with Berkman Drive.	Nelson Field	Austin	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mên-an-Tol (also Men an Toll) is a small formation of standing stones in Cornwall, United Kingdom (grid reference SW426349).	Mên-an-Tol	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahanabad-e Pain (Persian: جهان ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Jahānābād) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jahanabad-e Pain	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of St. John the Warrior on Yakimanka Street (Russian: Церковь Иоанна Воина, Tserkov' Ivana Voina) is a Russian Orthodox church in Yakimanka District of Moscow erected in 1704-1717, during the reign of Peter the Great.	Church of St. John the Warrior	Yakimanka District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polychrome Historic District is a national historic district in the Four Corners neighborhood in Silver Spring, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Polychrome Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The V-Bar-V Heritage Site is the largest known petroglyph site in the Verde Valley of central Arizona, and one of the best-preserved.	V-Bar-V Heritage Site	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grove Street Cemetery or Grove Street Burial Ground in New Haven, Connecticut is located adjacent to the Yale University campus.	Grove Street Cemetery	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blair-Caldwell African American Research Library is a branch of the Denver Public Library in Denver, Colorado, in the United States that serves the Five Points neighborhood.	Blair-Caldwell African American Research Library	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lunca Bradului (Hungarian: Palotailva, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈpɒlotɒilvɒ)) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania.	Lunca Bradului	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czartosy (t͡ʂarˈtɔsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czartosy	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schleife (German pronunciation: (ˈʃlaɪfə); Upper Sorbian: Slepo, IPA: (ˈslɛpɔ)) is a municipality of 3,000 in northern Görlitz district, northeast Saxony, Germany.	Schleife	Görlitz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Töre (Kalix Language: te'or) is a locality situated in Kalix Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 1,099 inhabitants in 2010.	Töre	Kalix Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teele Square is at the intersection of Broadway, Holland Street, and Curtis Street in Somerville, Massachusetts, a half-mile from Davis Square and the Davis Square stop on the MBTA Red Line, as well as a half-mile from Alewife Brook Parkway (Route 16) and Powder House Square.	Teele Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pupri (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: पुपरी विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) was an assembly constituency in Sitamarhi district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Pupri (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Sitamarhi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miriam Barnert Hebrew Free School was dedicated on September 27, 1904 in Paterson, New Jersey by Nathan Barnert.	Miriam Barnert Hebrew Free School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dab Amir (Persian: دب امير‎, also Romanized as Dab Āmīr; also known as Dab ol Amīr and Dūb ol Mīr) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dab Amir	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack, is the parish church of Landewednack parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarineh Darreh (Persian: قرينه دره‎, also Romanized as Qarīneh Darreh; also known as Qarīneh Darreh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 128, in 30 families.	Qarineh Darreh	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alba-Golden Independent School District is a school district serving southeastern Rains and western Wood counties in eastern Texas (USA).	Alba-Golden Independent School District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castle of Cardona (Catalan: Castell de Cardona, IPA: (kəsˈteʎ də kərˈðonə)) is arguably the most important medieval fortress in the Principality of Catalonia.	Castle of Cardona	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Úhořilka is small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Úhořilka	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Branigan Memorial Library; often referred to as simply ``Branigan'', is the public library serving Las Cruces, New Mexico.	Thomas Branigan Memorial Library	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catamount Tavern was a tavern in Old Bennington, Vermont, USA.	Catamount Tavern	Old Bennington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poliksy (pɔˈliksɨ) (German: Polixen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Poliksy	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobylnica Wołoska (kɔbɨlˈɲit͡sa vɔˈwɔska) (Ukrainian: Кобильниця Волоська, Kobyl’nytsia Volos’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kobylnica Wołoska	Gmina Wielkie Oczy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norfolk International Airport (IATA: ORF, ICAO: KORF, FAA LID: ORF) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Norfolk, an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Norfolk International Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toltec Mounds Archeological State Park (3 LN 42), also known as Knapp Mounds, Toltec Mounds Site or Toltec Mounds, is an archaeological site from the Late Woodland period in Arkansas that protects an 18-mound complex with the tallest surviving prehistoric mounds in Arkansas.	Toltec Mounds Archeological State Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahnab (Persian: دهناب‎, also Romanized as Dahnāb) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dahnab	Sahandabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverside Geyser is a geyser in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Riverside Geyser	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonnavaripalem is a small village in Repalle Mandalam, located on the banks of the River Krishna in the Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Jonnavaripalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	B.M.C. Durfee High School is a public high school located in the city of Fall River, Massachusetts.	B.M.C. Durfee High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyramid of Austerlitz is a 36 metre high pyramid of earth, built in 1804 by Napoleon's soldiers on one of the highest points of the Utrecht ridge, in the municipality of Woudenberg.	Pyramid of Austerlitz	Woudenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obuchowizna (ɔbuxɔˈvʲizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Obuchowizna	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Dandaragan is a local government area located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 200 kilometres (124 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Dandaragan	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jicarilla Apache refers to the members of the Jicarilla Apache Nation currently living in New Mexico and speaking a Southern Athabaskan language.	Jicarilla Apache	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Houlton was a United States prisoner-of-war camp that operated from October 1944 to May 1946 at the former Houlton Army Air Base in Houlton, Maine.	Camp Houlton	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isle Abbots (sometimes spelled Isle Abbotts) is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 7 miles (11.3 km) south east of Taunton in the South Somerset district.	Isle Abbots	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bonavista Peninsula is a large peninsula on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Bonavista Peninsula	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Nadratowo (ˈnɔvɛ nadraˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Nadratowo	Gmina Żuromin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Dasht-e Abdolreza (Persian: سردشت عبدالرضا‎, also Romanized as Sar Dasht-e ʿAbdolrez̤ā) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Dasht-e Abdolreza	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szabelnia (ʂaˈbɛlɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szabelnia	Gmina Końskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairfield Museum and History Center is a museum and library located at 370 Beach Road in Fairfield, Connecticut.	Fairfield Museum and History Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mob Museum, officially the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement, is a history museum located in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada.	Mob Museum	Las Vegas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oaklawn Garden, also known as Oaklawn Gardens, is a botanical garden, park and museum located at 7831 Old Poplar Pike in Germantown, Tennessee, USA.	Oaklawn Garden	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQKL, known on the air as ann arbor's 107one, is a radio station broadcasting from Ann Arbor, Michigan.	WQKL	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardessie (Gaelic: ) is a small hamlet on the south western shore of Little Loch Broom 2 miles northwest of Dundonnell, in Garve, Ross-shire, in the Highland region and is in within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ardessie	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arapeí is a Brazilian municipality of the eastern part of the state of São Paulo.	Arapeí	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Illogan (pronounced illuggan, Cornish: Egloshalow) is a village and civil parish in west Cornwall, England, UK, two miles (3 km) northwest of Redruth.	Illogan	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gemeentelijk Sportpark Kaalheide is a stadium situated in Kerkrade, Netherlands.	Gemeentelijk Sportpark Kaalheide	Kerkrade
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purdue Mall Water Sculpture, often referred to as the Engineering Fountain, is a water sculpture and fountain located at the main campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana.	Engineering Fountain	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Rutherglen was a local government area about 275 kilometres (171 mi) north-northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Rutherglen	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middleton-on-Leven is a hamlet and civil parish in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Middleton-on-Leven	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woolley House was the recipient of the RAIA NSW Chapter Wilkinson Award in the year of its construction, the highest award for housing in New South Wales.	Woolley House	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain View Christian Academy is a K-12 Christian school founded in 1982 and located in Bryant, Alabama, USA.	Mountain View Christian Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarraleah is a small town in the Central Highlands of Tasmania 126 km north-west of the state capital Hobart, and slightly closer to Queenstown.	Tarraleah	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carriage Crossing is an open-air regional lifestyle shopping center in suburban Collierville, Tennessee outside Memphis, Tennessee.	Carriage Crossing	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copenhagen City Hall (Danish: Københavns Rådhus) is the headquarters of the municipal council as well as the Lord mayor of the Copenhagen Municipality, Denmark.	Copenhagen City Hall	Copenhagen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Karelia (Finnish: Pohjois-Karjala; Swedish: Norra Karelen; Russian: Северная Карелия) is a region in eastern Finland.	North Karelia	Finland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sierra Madre Dam is a dam on Little Santa Anita Creek, at the mouth of Little Santa Anita Canyon, in Los Angeles County, California.	Sierra Madre Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farragut Wildlife Management Area at 1,405 acres (5.69 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Kootenai County that borders Farragut State Park.	Farragut Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ausserferrera (Romansh: Farera) is a village in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Ausserferrera	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrams Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 4D0) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) north of the central business district of Grand Ledge, a city in Clinton County, Michigan, United States.	Abrams Municipal Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Sobienie Biskupie (kɔˈlɔɲja sɔˈbjɛɲɛ bisˈkupjɛ) is part of Sobienie Biskupie village, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.	Kolonia Sobienie Biskupie	Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yountville Hills are a mountain range in Napa County, California on the northwest side of the town of Yountville.	Yountville Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uhryń (ˈuxrɨɲ) (Ukrainian: Угринь, Uhryn'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Uhryń	Gmina Łabowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJSB-FM is an adult contemporary and country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Swan River, Manitoba, Canada.	CJSB-FM	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarczówek (jarˈt͡ʂuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jarczówek	Gmina Stanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiddingfold is a village and civil parish in the Weald in the Waverley district of Surrey, England.	Chiddingfold	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senec District (okres Senec) is a district in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia.	Senec District	Bratislava Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waterloo Hill or Warerloo Road Hill(Chinese: 窩打老道山) is a hill in the centre of the Ho Man Tin in Hong Kong.	Waterloo Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rabenklippe is located in the Harz mountains of Germany, southeast of Bad Harzburg, above the Ecker valley, a few hundred metres away from the border between Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt.	Rabenklippe	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cochran Farm, 2900 Ohio 129, Millville, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.	Cochran Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tornio (official name: Tornion kaupunki; in Northern Sami: Duortnus; in Swedish: Torneå) is a city and municipality in Lapland, Finland.	Tornio	Lapland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grudź (ɡrut͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grudź	Gmina Wola Mysłowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Bush High School is the central high school for the Pine Bush Central School District, located on Route 302 in the hamlet of Pine Bush, New York, United States.	Pine Bush High School	Pine Bush, New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reitz Memorial High School or simply Memorial High School (MHS), is an inter-parochial Catholic High School on the east side Evansville, Indiana.	Reitz Memorial High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dina Nagar is the 3rd largest town and a municipal council in Gurdaspur district in the state of Punjab, India.	Dina Nagar	Gurdaspur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ma Wan Channel (Chinese: 馬灣海峽) is a channel between Ma Wan and Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong.	Ma Wan Channel	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee's Creek Covered Bridge is a historic wooden bridge on Lee's Creek Road 0.1 miles (0.16 km) south of Kentucky Route 8 near Dover, Kentucky.	Lee's Creek Covered Bridge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srezovac (Serbian: Срезовац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Srezovac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanallgo is a village on the coast of the island of Anglesey.	Llanallgo	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinawley or Kinawly (from Irish: Cill Náile, meaning ``Náile's church'') is a small village, townland (of 187 acres) and civil parish in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.	Kinawley	County Fermanagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drygały (drɨˈɡawɨ) (German Drygallen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Drygały	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnegat Branch Trail is a rail trail in New Jersey.	Barnegat Branch Trail	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Rudkhaneh (Persian: دورودخانه‎, also Romanized as Do Rūdkhāneh) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Do Rudkhaneh	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Hajji Azim (Persian: كلاته حاجي عظيم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī ``Az̧īm) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 5 families.	Kalateh-ye Hajji Azim	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miller Town Hall is a two-story brick building in the Miller Beach community in Gary, Indiana, in the United States.	Miller Town Hall	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casacalenda (Molisan dialect Casacalenna; Calena) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Campobasso.	Casacalenda	Province of Campobasso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posey Creek Station of the Butterfield Overland Mail 1st Division was located on Posey or Poso Creek, in the southeastern San Joaquin Valley, in present day Kern County, California.	Posey Creek Station	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornloe is a village in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Timiskaming District.	Thornloe	Timiskaming District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talula's Table is a small gourmet market and restaurant in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.	Talula's Table	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa-Las (dɔmˈbrɔva ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dąbrowa-Las	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melvin School is a former homestead located at 4950 S. Laredo St. in Aurora, Colorado.	Melvin School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolinczany (dɔlinˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Dolinczany	Gmina Lipsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allawada is a village and panchayat falling with the limits of Ranga Reddy district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Allawada	Ranga Reddy district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydney Gardens (originally known as Bath Vauxhall Gardens) is a public open space at the end of Great Pulteney Street in Bath, Somerset, England.	Sydney Gardens	Bath	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kniewo (ˈkɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kniewo	Gmina Wejherowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Cañada de Guadalupe la Visitación y Rodeo Viejo (also called Ridley's Rancho) was a 6,416-acre (25.96 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day San Mateo County, California and San Francisco County, California given in 1841 by Governor Juan Alvarado to Jacob P. Leese.	Rancho Cañada de Guadalupe la Visitación y Rodeo Viejo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaskan (Persian: كسكن‎) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kaskan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tireh-ye Kheyrabad (Persian: تيره خيراباد‎, also Romanized as Tīreh-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tireh-ye Kheyrabad	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Stevens School District refers to the school district of Lake Stevens, Washington, USA.	Lake Stevens School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obromino (ɔbrɔˈminɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Obromino	Gmina Pyrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlem Plantation House is located on Louisiana Highway 39 between Davant and Phoenix, Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, on the east bank of the Mississippi River from Pointe à la Hache, Louisiana.	Harlem Plantation House	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Detroit Public Safety Headquarters located at 1301 Third Street in Detroit, Michigan is a law enforcement and fire department complex which houses the headquarters for the Detroit Police Department, Detroit Fire Department, Detroit Emergency Medical Service as well as a forensics laboratory for the Michigan State Police.	Detroit Public Safety Headquarters	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ovalle is the capital of the Limarí Province.	Ovalle	Limarí Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 132 Baltic Circle is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa, Florida, United States.	House at 132 Baltic Circle	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varmiyeh (Persian: ورميه‎, also Romanized as Varmīyeh; also known as Varmīneh and Vīrmeh) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Varmiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tousley-Church House is located on North Main Street (New York State Route 98) in Albion, New York, United States.	Tousley-Church House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Mammès is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France, in the metropolitan area of Paris.	Saint-Mammès	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croissanville (Fr. croissan(t) crescent + -ville) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Croissanville	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derolovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Деролови) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Derolovi	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halak Dar Khadarham (Persian: هلاك درخدارحم‎, also Romanized as Halāḵ Dar Khadārḥam) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Halak Dar Khadarham	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaryń (ˈzarɨɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zaryń	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy of the Holy Angels is an all-female Roman Catholic college preparatory high school located in Demarest, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grade.	Academy of the Holy Angels	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Patrício is a municipality in the northwestern portion of the Brazilian state of Goiás.	São Patrício	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przemęczanki (pʂɛmɛnˈt͡ʂaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przemęczanki	Gmina Radziemice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evermay, also known as the Samuel Davidson House, is an historic house, located at 1623 28th Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Georgetown neighborhood.	Evermay	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clermont State Historic Site, also known as the Clermont estate, the Clermont Manor or just Clermont, is a New York State Historic Site in southwestern Columbia County, New York, USA.	Clermont State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdan Lipowiecki (ˈmai̯dan lʲipɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi) (Ukrainian: Майдан Липовецький, Maidan Lypovets’kyi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Majdan Lipowiecki	Gmina Wielkie Oczy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme is a small run-of-the-river hydroelectric scheme located on the Rubicon and Royston Rivers, north east of Melbourne, 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Alexandra, Victoria, Australia.	Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gondow Bazar (Persian: گندوبازار‎, also Romanized as Gondow Bāzār and Gandū Bāzār; also known as Gandū and Gondow) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gondow Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakite (Serbian: Раките) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rakite	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sze Fong Shan (Chinese: 四方山), located in the New Territories, is the fourth highest peak in Hong Kong.	Sze Fong Shan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leverett Circle is an intersection in Boston, Massachusetts.	Leverett Circle	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tornaľa (Slovak: Šafárikovo from 1948--1992; Hungarian: Tornalja) is a town and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia, with a population of almost 8,000.	Tornaľa	Revúca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitney M. Young Gifted & Talented Leadership Academy (also known as Whitney Young Gifted Education Campus, Whitney Young High School or Whitney Young School) is a selective-enrollment public school in Cleveland, in the U.S. state of Ohio, notable as the city's first public gifted and talented school..	Whitney M. Young Gifted & Talented Leadership Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devonian Scherr Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia.	Scherr Formation	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Reach Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the U.S. state of Washington owned and operated by Chelan County Public Utility District.	Rocky Reach Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariyan or Karian is village and a panchayat in Samastipur district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Kariyan	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The origin of the Rein da Maighels is the Maghels Glacier (Romansh: Glatscher da Maighels) on the Piz Ravetsch near the point where the cantons of Graubünden, Ticino and Uri meet.	Rein da Maighels	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavaleh (Persian: طواله‎, also Romanized as Ţavāleh) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tavaleh	Khorram Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Crosse Queen is the name of seven different sightseeing and excursion boats that have operated out of La Crosse, Wisconsin's Riverside Park.	La Crosse Queen	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQQX (93.3 FM) is a commercial radio station in Hermann, Missouri, broadcasting to the western suburbs of the Saint Louis, Missouri, area.	KQQX	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hileh Sara (Persian: حيله سرا‎, also Romanized as Ḩīleh Sarā; also known as Heleh Sarāy and Heleh Sarā-ye Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hileh Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dildine Island is an island in the Delaware River in Warren County, New Jersey, near the county's border with Northampton County, Pennsylvania.	Dildine Island	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowmazi Saleh (Persian: گومازي صالح‎, also Romanized as Gowmāzī Şāleḩ; also known as Gūmāzī) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gowmazi Saleh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walsoken is a village and a civil parish straddling the border of the English counties of Norfolk and Cambridgeshire.	Walsoken	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slippery Noodle Inn is a large blues bar and restaurant with two performance stages in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	Slippery Noodle Inn	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nargesk (Persian: نرگسك‎) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nargesk	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białowola (bjawɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Białowola	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witówka (viˈtufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Witówka	Gmina Raczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mathews-Powell House is a Victorian house located in Queen City, Texas, United States.	Mathews-Powell House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnoldswick (colloquially known as Barlick) is a town and civil parish in Lancashire, England.	Barnoldswick	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guzów-Kolonia (ˈɡuzuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Guzów-Kolonia	Gmina Orońsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coxsackie Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison in New York in the USA.	Coxsackie Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johnstown Flood Museum is a history museum located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.	Johnstown Flood Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Between the Hills is a small valley in northwest Loudoun County, Virginia, distinct from, but associated with the greater Loudoun Valley.	Between the Hills	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Oroville State Recreation Area (LOSRA) is a state park unit of California, United States, surrounding Lake Oroville, a reservoir on the Feather River.	Lake Oroville State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Evanston, Wyoming, USA, the station is currently owned by Western Inspirational Broadcasters, Inc. KPMD broadcasts from Medicine Butte, northeast of Evanston.	KPMD	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongkou County (simplified Chinese: 洞口县; traditional Chinese: 洞口縣; pinyin: Dòngkǒu Xiàn) is under the administration of Shaoyang, Hunan province, China.	Dongkou County	Shaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cowpasture River is a chief tributary of the James River in western Virginia in the United States.	Cowpasture River	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beitstad Church (Norwegian: Beitstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Beitstad Church	Steinkjer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summit Point Motorsports Park is a road racing and driver training facility located in Jefferson County, West Virginia about two hours west of Washington, D.C. in the state's Eastern Panhandle.	Summit Point Motorsports Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeh Khuni (Persian: بركه خوني‎, also Romanized as Berkeh Khūnī) is a village in Ij Rural District, in the Central District of Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Berkeh Khuni	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyd-e Nar (Persian: صيدنر‎‎, also Romanized as Şeyd-e Nar) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seyd-e Nar	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sargans was an independent county from the 11th century until 1798, when it was incorporated in the Canton of Linth of the Helvetic Republic, and eventually in the Canton of St. Gallen in 1803.	Sargans	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakrzew-Czekaj (ˈzakʂɛf ˈt͡ʂɛkai̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zakrzew-Czekaj	Gmina Kodrąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horreyn (Persian: حرين‎, also Romanized as Ḩorreyn and Ḩoreyn) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Horreyn	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gat-e Kash (Persian: گتكش‎; also known as Gatehkash and Kateh Kash) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gat-e Kash	Zanus Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virgin Valley is a valley in northwest Arizona and southeast Nevada on the Virgin River.	Virgin Valley	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olema Lime Kilns at Point Reyes National Seashore in California were built in 1850 on land leased from Mexican grantee Rafael Garcia by James A. Shorb and William F. Mercer, two San Francisco entrepreneurs.	Olema Lime Kilns	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ernest Cognacq Museum (French: Musée Ernest Cognacq) is a French regional history museum, located in the city of Saint Martin de Ré, Île de Ré, France.	Ernest Cognacq Museum	Saint Martin de Ré
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Aqach (Persian: قره اقاچ‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āqāch; also known as Qareh Āghāj) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Aqach	Qara Bashlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Labid-e Sofla (Persian: لابيدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Lābīd-e Soflá) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Labid-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skirlaugh is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, in an area known as Holderness.	Skirlaugh	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glencraig is a very small former mining village in Scotland, situated in the Benarty area of Fife, between Crosshill and Lochgelly.	Glencraig	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Post Hill Historic District encompasses the oldest settled area of New London, Connecticut.	Post Hill Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emmanuel Church at Brook Hill, in the historic community of Brook Hill in Henrico County, Virginia, is a historic church.	Emmanuel Church at Brook Hill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pimpalgaon Raja is gram panchayat located in tahsil Khamgaon of Buldhana district of Maharashtra situated on bank of River Dnyanganga.	Pimpalgaon Raja	Buldhana district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cicuco (Spanish pronunciation: (siˈkuko)) is a town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department, northern Colombia.	Cicuco	Bolívar Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolfe's Neck Woods State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on Casco Bay on the southeastern side of Freeport, Maine.	Wolfe's Neck Woods State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardendale is a hamlet in the parish of Shap Rural in the Eden District, in the English county of Cumbria, England, near Shap and junction 39 of the M6 motorway.	Hardendale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjølstad is a hamlet in the municipality of Sel, Norway, located in the former municipality Heidal.	Bjølstad	Sel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnacle State Park and Golf Course is located in Steuben County, New York in the USA.	Pinnacle State Park and Golf Course	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTJV (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to DeLand, Florida and serving the Daytona Beach area.	WTJV	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Amini (Persian: حسين اباداميني‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Amīnī, Hosein Abad Amini, and Ḩoseynābād Amīnī; also known as Ḩoseynābād, Husainābād, and Gusainabad) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Amini	Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFBO-LP (97.7 FM, ``Oldies 97.7 The Blizzard'') was a low-power FM radio station in Flagler County, Florida, with their last studio location at 819 North A1A Suite B in Flagler Beach, Florida.	WFBO-LP	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sipsey Wilderness lies within Bankhead National Forest around the Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River in northwestern Alabama, USA.	Sipsey Wilderness	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midway University is an independent, liberal arts university with approximately 1,800 students located in Midway, Kentucky.	Midway University	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort William Stadium is a soccer, football, and track and field stadium in Thunder Bay, Ontario And is part of the Royal Canadian Legion Sports Complex.	Fort William Stadium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maywood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Maywood, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Maywood Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Madison Middle School located in the Franklin-Colonial neighborhood of Roanoke, Virginia, USA, is situated on a large hill with a view of the Blue Ridge Mountains.	James Madison Middle School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEGB (90.7 FM, ``Faith FM'') is a radio station licensed to Napeague, New York and serves eastern Long Island.	WEGB	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Granville was a militia stockade located in the colonial Province of Pennsylvania.	Fort Granville	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	UWC Atlantic College (also known as the United World College of the Atlantic or Atlantic College and often abbreviated to either UWCAC or AC by its students and staff), is an international IB Diploma Programme independent (private) residential Sixth Form College in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales.	Atlantic College	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Queenscliffe is a local government area in the Barwon South West region of Victoria, Australia, located in the southern part of the state.	Borough of Queenscliffe	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonoraville High School is a high school located outside of Calhoun, Georgia, in the unincorporated community of Sonoraville.	Sonoraville High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundiwindi is a ghost town in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Mundiwindi	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Bernardino in Panisperna or Panispermia or San Bernardino ai Monti or San Bernardino da Siena ai Monti is a small Roman Catholic church in Rome.	San Bernardino in Panisperna	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freathy is a beach and coastal settlement on the Rame Peninsula in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Freathy	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakewood Towne Center is a shopping center located in Lakewood, Washington, a suburb of Tacoma.	Lakewood Towne Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westerdale is a village, civil parish and dale within the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.	Westerdale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Paul's Episcopal Chapel is a historic Episcopal church building in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Saint Paul's Episcopal Chapel	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheelton is a village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley, in Lancashire, England.	Wheelton	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Island Range Rear Light is a lighthouse in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, on the Delaware River, just north of the Christina River, Delaware.	Cherry Island Range Rear Light	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simaluguri (IPA: ˌʃɪmɑːlʊˈgʊərɪ or ˌsɪmɑːlʊˈgʊərɪ) is a town area in Sivasagar district in the state of Assam, India.The biggest railway station of Sivasagar lie in Simalguri.	Simaluguri	Sivasagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Augustins de Toulouse is a fine arts museum in Toulouse, France which conserves a collection of sculpture and paintings from the Middle Ages to the early 20th century.	Musée des Augustins	Toulouse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cutler Hall is a Gothic library building on the Colorado College campus in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Cutler Hall	Colorado Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Hajj Now Shad (Persian: تل حاج نوشاد‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Ḩājj Now Shād) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Riz District, Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tall-e Hajj Now Shad	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andermatt (Romansh: Ursera ) is a mountain village and municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland at 1437 m a.s.l..	Andermatt	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ESB Business School (formerly ESB Reutlingen) is Reutlingen University's business school founded in 1979 and based in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	ESB Business School	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehkadeh-ye Taleqani (Persian: دهكده طالقاني‎, also Romanized as Dehkadeh-ye Ţāleqānī) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Dehkadeh-ye Taleqani	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groton School is a private Episcopal college preparatory boarding school located in Groton, Massachusetts, United States.	Groton School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terengganu (Malay pronunciation: (tərəŋganu); Jawi:ترڠڬانو) formerly spelled Trengganu or Tringganu is a sultanate and constitutive state of federal Malaysia.	Terengganu	Malaysia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Agricultural University is an agricultural university at Parbhani in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Agricultural University	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulalip Resort Casino is an Indian casino and resort in Quil Ceda Village, Washington, owned and operated by the Tulalip Tribes of Washington.	Tulalip Resort Casino	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hammam Darreh (Persian: قشلاق حمامدره‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩammām Darreh; also known as Ḩammām Darreh) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hammam Darreh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lima Mountain is a 2238 foot summit in Cook County, Minnesota.	Lima Mountain	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thandwe District (Burmese: သံတွဲခရိုင်) is a district of the Rakhine State in western Myanmar.	Thandwe District	Rakhine State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dover-Eyota High School is a Public high school located in Eyota, Minnesota.	Dover-Eyota High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	It forms part of the municipality of Seelisberg, to the centre of which it is linked by the Treib--	Treib	Seelisberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Humboldt County Historical Society (HCHS) is a regional historical society, primarily focused on the history of Humboldt County, California.	Humboldt County Historical Society	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanstadwell is a small village, parish and community in south Pembrokeshire, Wales, on the north bank of the River Cleddau between Milford Haven and Neyland.	Llanstadwell	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frontier Homestead State Park Museum is state park and museum of Utah, USA, located in Cedar City.	Frontier Homestead State Park Museum	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newcastle Inner City Bypass is a road in Newcastle and Lake Macquarie New South Wales, Australia.	Newcastle Inner City Bypass	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayford is a village in Woking borough of the county of Surrey, England.	Mayford	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Valik (Persian: بالاوليك‎, also Romanized as Bālā Valīk) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Valik	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Sutak (Persian: چاه سوتك‎, also Romanized as Chāh Sūtak) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah Sutak	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catamount Trail is a long-distance, Nordic ski trail that spans the length of Vermont, extending more than 300 miles (480 km) from the border with Massachusetts at Readsboro, Vermont to the Canadian border at North Troy, Vermont.	Catamount Trail	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kocięcin-Brodowy (kɔˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin brɔˈdɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kocięcin-Brodowy	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Makoshika Dinosaur Museum was a regional museum located in Glendive, eastern Montana, USA.	Makoshika Dinosaur Museum	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	After the handover of Taiwan to China from Japan in October 1945, Keelung was established as a provincial city of Taiwan Province.	Keelung	Taiwan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonabeh-ye Maraq (Persian: بنابه مرق‎, also Romanized as Bonābeh-e Maraq) is a village in Babaafzal Rural District, Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bonabeh-ye Maraq	Babaafzal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Andrés de Agues (variants: Agüés; Agüis; San Andrés d'Agues) is one of three parishes (administrative divisions) in Sobrescobio, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	San Andrés de Agues	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vieux-Habitants (French for Old Inhabitants) is a commune on Guadeloupe, a French overseas department in the Caribbean.	Vieux-Habitants	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. J. Beal Botanical Garden is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) botanical garden located on the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan, USA.	W. J. Beal Botanical Garden	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estella Mine is a former mine site situated near Wasa, British Columbia at an elevation of 6,000 feet (1,800 m) on Tracy Creek.	Estella Mine	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ruins of Linlithgow Palace are situated in the town of Linlithgow, West Lothian, Scotland, 15 miles (24 km) west of Edinburgh.	Linlithgow Palace	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falniów (ˈfalɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Falniów	Gmina Miechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvar-e Fartaq (Persian: دروارفارتق‎, also Romanized as Darvār-e Fārtaq; also known as Darvār) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darvar-e Fartaq	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	(Danish) Kolding Stadion from stadions.dk (Danish) Photos, also from stadions.dk (Danish) Further photos of the stadium from Kolding FC's fanclub-homepage (Danish) Kolding Idræts Forening in the Kolding Leksikon at Kolding Municipality's homepage	Kolding Stadion	Kolding Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dreibelbis Station Bridge is a 172-foot-long (52 m) Burr arch truss covered bridge spanning Maiden Creek south of Lenhartsville, Pennsylvania.	Dreibelbis Station Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neixiang County is a county of Nanyang, Henan, China, has an area of 2,465 square kilometers and a population of 610,000 as of 2002.	Neixiang County	Nanyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Somerford is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Malmesbury and 7.5 miles (12.1 km) northeast of Chippenham.	Little Somerford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHPD-FM (also called De Brigj) is a low-power Mennonite community radio station broadcasting at 105.9 FM in Aylmer, Ontario, Canada.	CHPD-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartążek (barˈtɔ̃ʐɛk) (German: Klein Bertung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartążek	Gmina Stawiguda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Cove is a small one-street community just off Route 340 on New World Island in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Indian Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abrolhos Marine National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional Marinho dos Abrolhos) was established in 1983, in the Abrolhos Archipelago, situated about 60km south-east of the city of Caravelas in the Brazilian state of Bahia.	Abrolhos Marine National Park	Abrolhos Archipelago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Empress State Building is a skyscraper on the West Brompton/Earl's Court border in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.	Empress State Building	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traralgon College, is a public high school located in Traralgon, Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Traralgon College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLTH (106.7 FM, ``The Eagle'') is a classic hits formatted radio station located in the Portland, Oregon, area and broadcasts at 106.7 FM.	KLTH	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ute Mountain Fire Tower is in Ashley National Forest, southwest of Manila, Utah.	Ute Mountain Fire Tower	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Chicksgrove is a hamlet on the north bank of the River Nadder in the south of the county of Wiltshire, England.	Lower Chicksgrove	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskimo Joe's is a restaurant and bar located at 501 W. Elm in Stillwater, Oklahoma.	Eskimo Joe's	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katz and Leavitt Apartment House is an historic apartment house at 53 Elm Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Katz and Leavitt Apartment House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunts Point Cooperative Market, a wholesale food market located on 60 acres (24 ha) in Hunts Point, in the Bronx, New York City, is the largest food distribution center of its kind in the world.	Hunts Point Cooperative Market	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sainte-Famille Church (Holy Family Church) is a Catholic church in Kiyovu, downtown Kigali, in Rwanda.	Sainte-Famille Church	Kigali
located in the administrative territorial entity	The highest point of the island is 1884 m. Traill Island is a part of the Northeast Greenland National Park.	Traill Island	Northeast Greenland National Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake of the Seven Winds (also listed as Seven Winds of the Lake) is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana.	Lake of the Seven Winds	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Malek (Persian: اب ملك‎, also Romanized as Āb Maleḵ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Malek	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	HM Prison Isis is a Category C male Young Offenders Institution, located in the Thamesmead area of the Royal Borough of Greenwich, in south-east London, England.	HM Prison Isis	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowin (ɔsˈtrɔvin) (German: Osterwein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostrowin	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidan-e Panj (Persian: بيدان پنج‎, also Romanized as Bīdān-e Panj) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bidan-e Panj	Sabzdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fraser Lowland is a landform and physiographic region of the Pacific Northwest, in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.	Fraser Lowland	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padena District (Persian: بخش پادنا‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Padena District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Gol (Persian: دشت گل‎, also Romanized as Dasht Gol) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Gol	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skatepark of Tampa is a skatepark in Tampa, Florida, USA.	Skatepark of Tampa	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holton cum Beckering is a small village and civil parish in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England.	Holton cum Beckering	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Costen House is a historic U.S. home located at 206 Market Street, Pocomoke City, Maryland, United States.	Costen House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sugar Bowl Casino is a planned 2,000 slot gambling hall in North Richmond, California.	Sugar Bowl Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chaluka Site is a prehistoric archaeological site and National Historic Landmark in Nikolski, Alaska, on Umnak Island in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska.	Chaluka Site	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washoe Lake State Park is a state park of Nevada, USA, on Washoe Lake.	Washoe Lake State Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beerwah State High School, often abbreviated to Beerwah High School, Beerwah High or simply BSHS, is a government-owned secondary school located in Beerwah, Queensland, Australia.	Beerwah State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Iguaçu (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈnɔvɐ iɡwɐˈsu), locally: (ˈnɔv iɣwəˈsu) or (ˈnɔvə jɣwəˈsu), New Iguaçu) is a municipality in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil.	Nova Iguaçu	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sięganów (ɕeŋˈɡanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sięganów	Gmina Łask
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carver Vocational-Technical High School is a public vocational-technical high school located in the Baltimore, Maryland.	Carver Vocational-Technical High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre William Rappard at Rue de Lausanne 154, Geneva, Switzerland, was built between 1923 and 1926 to house the International Labour Office (ILO).	Centre William Rappard	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harford Sports Complex, formerly Thomas Run Park, is a multi-purpose sports park in Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland, utilized by Harford Community College.	Harford Sports Complex	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trawsfynydd (Welsh pronunciation: (trausˈvənɨ̞ð); Welsh for ``across (the) mountain'') is a village in Gwynedd, Wales, adjacent to the A470 north of Bronaber and Dolgellau near Blaenau Ffestiniog.	Trawsfynydd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patkestan (Persian: پتكستان‎, also Romanized as Patkestān) is a village in Zarrin Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Patkestan	Zarrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount St. Joseph University, formerly College of Mount St. Joseph, is a private, Catholic, co-educational college located at Mount Saint Joseph, an unincorporated community near Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.	Mount St. Joseph University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford Dam, officially known as Lock and Dam No. 1 is on the Upper Mississippi River and is located between Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota just north of the confluence of the Mississippi with the Minnesota River at Mississippi River mile 847.9, in Minneapolis.	Lock and Dam No. 1	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connetquot River State Park Preserve is a 3,473-acre (14.05 km2) state park and conservation area in the Town of Islip in Suffolk County, New York in the USA.	Connetquot River State Park Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walker School, formerly known as the Joseph T. Walker School, is a private school in Marietta, Georgia, on Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41) in what was originally Sprayberry High School.	The Walker School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamchah (Persian: كم چاه‎, also Romanized as Kamchāh) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kamchah	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sredets Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Средец, Obshtina Sredets) is a municipality in Burgas Province, Bulgaria.	Sredets Municipality	Burgas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qus (Arabic: قوص, derived from Ancient Egyptian Gesa or Gesy‎) is a city in the modern Qena Governorate, Egypt, located on the east bank of the Nile.	Qus	Qena Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennett Federated Church and Parsonage is a historic church formed in 1929 from the combining of Baptist and Congregational churches located in the hamlet of Sennett, in the town of Sennett in Cayuga County, New York.	Sennett Federated Church and Parsonage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okanagan Landing was an unincorporated settlement and steamboat port at the north end of Okanagan Lake in the Southern Interior of British Columbia.	Okanagan Landing	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of the Holy Blood (Dutch: Heilig-Bloedbasiliek, French: Basilique du Saint-Sang) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Bruges, Belgium.	Basilica of the Holy Blood	Bruges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minaçu is a municipality in the north of the state of Goiás, Brazil.	Minaçu	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pennsylvania Railroad Depot and Baggage Room is a historic railway station located at 400 Center St. in Dennison, Ohio.	Pennsylvania Railroad Depot and Baggage Room	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghcheh Jik (Persian: باغچه جيك‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheh Jīk and Bāghchehjīk) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baghcheh Jik	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watts River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip and Western Port catchment, located in the Central Victoria region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Watts River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douré, Boulgou is a village in the Bané Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	Douré, Boulgou	Bané Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarchalin (tarˈxalin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tarchalin	Gmina Bojanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilliard Airpark (FAA LID: 01J) is a public-use airport located 1 mile (1.6 km) east of the central business district of the town of Hilliard in Nassau County, Florida, United States.	Hilliard Airpark	Nassau County	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzin-e Do (Persian: دارزين2‎, also Romanized as Dārzīn-e Do; also known as Dārzeīn, Dārzīn, Drazīn, and Mehdīābād-e Dārzīn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darzin-e Do	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stralsund (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtʁaːlzʊnt)), is a Hanseatic town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Stralsund	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lenne Mountains (German: Lennegebirge), or Lenne Uplands (Lennebergland), is a range of hills up to 656 m above sea level (NN) high in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Lenne Mountains	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumbarton Castle (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Breatainn, pronounced (d̪̊unˈb̊ɾʲɛhd̪̊ɪɲ)) has the longest recorded history of any stronghold in Scotland.	Dumbarton Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlagudipadu is a village in Gurazala mandal, located in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Charlagudipadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	James W. Miller Auditorium is a performance venue at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA.	Miller Auditorium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfihangel Penbedw is a parish in the former Hundred of Kilgerran in northeast Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Llanfihangel Penbedw	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dio vi salvi Regina is a religious song in the culture of Corsica.	Dio vi salvi Regina	Corsica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chlebczyn (ˈxlɛpt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chlebczyn	Gmina Sarnaki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korcheva (Russian: Корчева́) was a town in central Russia, on the territory of the modern Konakovsky District, Tver Oblast, on the Volga River, with a population of a few thousand people.	Korcheva	Konakovsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Cadbury is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset council area of the English county of Somerset.	South Cadbury	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Qeshlaq (Persian: كهنه قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Qeshlāq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Qeshlaq	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krępki (ˈkrɛmpki) (German: Krampken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krępki	Gmina Lubichowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sam Houston Race Park is a horse racing track located in unincorporated northwest Houston, Texas, United States.	Sam Houston Race Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chang Nuea (Thai: จางเหนือ) is a village and tambon (sub-district) of Mae Mo District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5,336.	Chang Nuea	Mae Mo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glebe of Shelburne Parish is a house built as a glebe in rural Loudoun County, Virginia around 1775 to attract a cleric to preach in the Shelburne Parish of the Anglican Church.	Glebe of Shelburne Parish	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Six Flags Magic Mountain is a 262-acre (1.06 km2) theme park located in the Valencia neighborhood of Santa Clarita, California, north of Los Angeles.	Six Flags Magic Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Lehigh Valley is a commonwealth campus of Pennsylvania State University.	Penn State Lehigh Valley	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen of the Holy Rosary Memorial Shrine is a Catholic church in the Diocese of Peoria It is located at 529 Fourth Street in La Salle, Illinois and is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary in memory of all living and deceased military veterans who have served in the United States Armed Forces.	Queen of the Holy Rosary Memorial Shrine	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahnedar (Persian: پهندر‎, also Romanized as Pahn Dar) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pahnedar	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mannangadu, also called Mannankadu, is one of the 36 villages falls under the Musugundan Nadu in Tamil Nadu State, Thanjavur District, India.	Mannangadu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaggi (Sicilian: Caggi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region of Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) east of Palermo and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Messina.	Gaggi	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inulec (iˈnulɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Inulec	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judson University is an evangelical Christian liberal arts university located in Elgin, Illinois, United States.	Judson University	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapcha Gewog (Dzongkha: སྐྱབས་ཆ་) is a gewog (village block) of Chukha District, Bhutan.	Chapcha Gewog	Chukha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleksze (ɔˈlɛkʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Oleksze	Gmina Orla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heitersberg Pass aka ``The Dabiah Passage'' (el. 657 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Heitersberg Pass	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawerków (ɡaˈvɛrkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gawerków	Gmina Żelechlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobrato Office Tower is a 17-story, class-A office building at 488 Almaden Boulevard in San Jose, California.	Sobrato Office Tower	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Sorkh (Persian: كهريزسرخ‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Sorkh and Kahrīz Sorkh) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Sorkh	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muro de Aguas is a small municipality (pop. 61 (2007)) in the southern part of La Rioja, Spain, near Arnedo.	Muro de Aguas	Arnedo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekaft (Persian: شكفت‎; also known as Seguft and Seqaft) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shekaft	Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treverva is a small village in the west of the civil parish of Budock and at the southern end of the Argal Reservoir in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treverva	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagon Township (Burmese: ဒဂုံ မြို့နယ် (dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located immediately north of downtown Yangon.	Dagon Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niwnice (nivˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Neuland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niwnice	Gmina Lwówek Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang-e Sefid-e Nanaj (Persian: سنگ سفيدننج‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Sefīd-e Nanaj; also known as Sangsefīd) is a village in Jowkar Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sang-e Sefid-e Nanaj	Jowkar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługi-Radły (ˈwuɡi ˈradwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ługi-Radły	Gmina Przystajń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Weller Drydocks was a shipbuilder located on the Welland Canal at the Lake Ontario entrance.	Port Weller Drydocks	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gierałtowiec (ɡʲɛrau̯ˈtɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Giersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gierałtowiec	Gmina Złotoryja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andergan (Persian: اندرگان‎, also Romanized as Andargān and Āndergān; also known as Andarbān, Anderjāf, Anderyān, Ānderyān, Andīrjān, and Andyrdzhan) is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Andergan	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Avenue Historic District is located in the northern part of Fort Worth, Texas.	Grand Avenue Historic District	Fort Worth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennori (Sardinian: Sènnaru) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 7 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of Sassari.	Sennori	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Bozorg (Persian: قاسم آبادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Bozorg) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Bozorg	Saidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koh Sotin District (Khmer: ស្រុកកោះសុទិន) is a district (srok) located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.	Koh Sotin District	Kampong Cham Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambridge Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 534 Cambridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Cambridge Street Firehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polinyà de Xúquer (Valencian pronunciation: (poliˈɲa ðe ˈ(t)ʃukeɾ), Spanish: Poliñá de Júcar) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Baixa in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Polinyà de Xúquer	Ribera Baixa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlanta State Park is a state park in northeast Texas in the United States.	Atlanta State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	93 Mile House (officially 93 Mile) is an unincorporated community in 100 Mile House (outside edge of) the South Cariboo region of British Columbia.	93 Mile House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamalapuram is a small village located near to Yerrupalem, a town in the Khammam district of Telangana, India.	Jamalapuram	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilean Chaluim Chille is protected by Historic Scotland as an ancient monument.	Eilean Chaluim Chille	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robinson State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area located mostly in the town of Agawam with a small section in Westfield, Massachusetts.	Robinson State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronte Lagoon is a lake that was created by Hydro Tasmania in the 1950s along with Bradys Lake, Lake Binney and Tungatinah Lagoon as water storages for the Tungatinah Power Station on the Nive River.	Bronte Lagoon	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkanan District (Persian: بخش اشکنان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkanan District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terrell County Airport (FAA LID: 6R6) is a county owned, public use airport in Terrell County, Texas, United States.	Terrell County Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hori, Zahedan (Persian: حری ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hori, Zahedan	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Boland-e Ajam (Persian: داربلنداجم‎, also Romanized as Dār Boland-e Ājam; also known as Dār Boland) is a village in Ajam Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dar Boland-e Ajam	Ajam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman Levy Park and Preserve is a man-made park on the South Shore of Long Island in Merrick, New York.	Norman Levy Park and Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaporozhskoye (Russian: Запоро́жское; Finnish: Metsäpirtti) is a settlement on Karelian Isthmus, in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast.	Zaporozhskoye	Priozersky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCarter Theatre is a not-for-profit, professional company on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey.	McCarter Theatre	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowt Gavaber (Persian: سوتگوابر‎, also Romanized as Sowt Gavāber and Sootgavaber; also known as Sowt Kavāber and Sudgazer) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sowt Gavaber	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garizat Rural District (Persian: دهستان گاريزات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Garizat Rural District	Nir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agwanpur is a village panchayat in Barh subdivision in Patna district of Bihar, India.	Agwanpur	Patna district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelly Field Annex (formerly Kelly Air Force Base) (IATA: SKF, ICAO: KSKF, FAA LID: SKF) is a United States Air Force facility located in San Antonio, Texas.	Kelly Field Annex	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The northern part forms the border between the German states of Rhineland-Palatinate in the West on the one hand, and Baden-Württemberg and Hesse on the other hand, in the east and north.	Rhine	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belengi (Persian: بلنگي‎, also Romanized as Belengī; also known as Bīlīngī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Belengi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banuband (Persian: بنوبند‎, also Romanized as Banūband, Banooband, Banū Band, Benū Band, and Bonūband) is a village in Tazian Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Banuband	Tazian Rural District	Bandar Abbas County	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celerina/Schlarigna (German/Italian Celerina; Romansh Schlarigna ) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Celerina/Schlarigna	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kewalo Basin is a commercial boat harbor that serves as home to some of Honolulu's commercial fishing fleet, and charter and excursion vessels that serve the Hawaii tourist market.	Kewalo Basin	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neycharan (Persian: نيچران‎, also Romanized as Neycharān and Naycharān; also known as Letiaran, Letīyārān, and Letyaran) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Neycharan	Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pay Taf (Persian: پاي تاف‎‎, also Romanized as Pāy Tāf) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pay Taf	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Interlachen Country Club is a private country club in Edina, Minnesota which has hosted several national golf tournaments, including the 1930 U.S. Open (won by Bobby Jones on his way to winning the Grand Slam), the 2002 Solheim Cup, and the 2008 U.S. Women's Open.	Interlachen Country Club	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shib Tang (Persian: شيب تنگ‎, also Romanized as Shīb Tang and Shīb-e Tang) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shib Tang	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krubiczew (kruˈbit͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krubiczew	Gmina Leoncin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavistock is an ancient stannary and market town within West Devon, England.	Tavistock	West Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Mountain State Resort Park is a Kentucky state park located in Bell County, Kentucky, United States.	Pine Mountain State Resort Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woronora River is a perennial river of the Sydney Basin, located in the Sutherland Shire local government area of Greater Metropolitan Sydney, approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the Sydney central business district, in New South Wales, Australia.	Woronora River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Due to the amalgamation of municipalities in 2007 Hornsyld became a part of Hedensted Municipality.	Hornsyld	Hedensted Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamaica High School was a four-year public high school in Jamaica, Queens, New York.	Jamaica High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Right Fork Canyon is a major branch of Lamoille Canyon, located in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County, in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the western United States.	Right Fork Canyon	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brochøya is an island off the north coast of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard.	Brochøya	Svalbard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District is a historic industrial district located on State, Cone Hill, and Furnace Roads in Richmond, Massachusetts.	Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ewart Building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1891 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style for a wholesale grocer, Samuel Ewart.	Ewart Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOBM-FM (92.7 FM) is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station known as ``Ocean County's Hometown Station'' broadcasting in Central New Jersey.	WOBM-FM	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadap Town (Sindhi: گڏاپ ٽائون ‎, Urdu: گڈاپ ٹاؤن ‎) is a town in the northwestern part of Karachi with the Hub River on its western limits also forming the provincial border between Sindh and Balochistan, while to the north and east are Dadu District and the Kirthar Mountains.	Gadap Town	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomeroon-Supenaam (Region 2) is a region in Guyana, bordering the Atlantic Ocean to the north, the region of Essequibo Islands-West Demerara to the east, the region of Cuyuni-Mazaruni to the south and the region of Barima-Waini to the west.	Pomeroon-Supenaam	Guyana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Bacombe and Lower Bacombe are two hamlets in the parish of Wendover, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Upper Bacombe	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kliczków Wielki (ˈklit͡ʂkuf ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kliczków Wielki	Gmina Brzeźnio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The site of Florimont has been occupied since the Roman period, probably by a lookout tower charged with supervising the movement of troops on their way connecting Mandeure in Doubs to Augst and Kembs in Haut-Rhin.	Florimont	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus (Detlev Rohwedder House) is a building in Berlin that at the time of its construction was the largest office building in Europe.	Detlev-Rohwedder-Haus	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płęsy (ˈpwɛ̃sɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Płęsy	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fil Bustan (Persian: فيل بوستان‎, also Romanized as Fīl Būstān) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Fil Bustan	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Triangle North Executive Airport (IATA: LFN, ICAO: KLHZ, FAA LID: LHZ) is a county-owned, public-use airport in Franklin County, North Carolina, United States.	Triangle North Executive Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolfgantzen (German: Wolfganzen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Wolfgantzen	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catterlen is a small village and civil parish 3 miles (4.8 km) north west of Penrith, Cumbria.	Catterlen	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Brady High School is a small, private, Catholic co-educational school in Concord, New Hampshire (Merrimack County).	Bishop Brady High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemmerer High School is a high school in rural Kemmerer, Lincoln County, Wyoming.	Kemmerer High School	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boznabad (Persian: بزن‌آباد‎, also Romanized as Boznābād; also known as Būznābād) is a village in Zohan Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Boznabad	Zohan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalajlu (Persian: خلاجلو‎, also Romanized as Khalājlū; also known as Khalājū and Khallājlū Daqdū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khalajlu	Sivkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helebridge is a hamlet west of Marhamchurch in northeast Cornwall, England.	Helebridge	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeyran Mangeh (Persian: جيران منگه‎, also Romanized as Jeyrān Mangeh; also known as Jeyrān Mīngeh) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Jeyran Mangeh	Zarrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marcia Browne Junior High School, also known as the Broadway School, is a historic school building at 295 Broadway in Malden, Massachusetts.	Marcia Browne Junior High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Hemmatabad-e Tahmasabi (Persian: علي همت ابادطهماسبي‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Hemmatābād-e Ţahmāsabī; also known as ʿAlīhemmatābād) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Ali Hemmatabad-e Tahmasabi	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fagani is small village located 2 km near Petlad in Gujarat, India.	Fagani	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morfa Nefyn is a small village located on the northern coast of the Llŷn Peninsula in the Welsh county of Gwynedd.	Morfa Nefyn	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalk is a village on the South bank of the river IJssel in the municipality of Kampen in the Dutch province of Overijssel.	Zalk	Kampen
located in the administrative territorial entity	CISQ-FM is an FM radio station owned by Rogers Communications and operating in southwestern British Columbia.	CISQ-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shannon Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Pearisburg, Giles County, Virginia.	Shannon Cemetery	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ugashik Lakes are two adjacent lakes along the Ugashik River on the Alaska Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Ugashik Lakes	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Sepian (Persian: برده سپيان‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Sepīān; also known as Bardaspīān) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Sepian	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dos Bocas Lake is a lake located in the municipalities of Arecibo and Utuado on the island of Puerto Rico.	Dos Bocas Lake	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BR-010 highway is also called as Belém-Brasília Highway or as Transbrasiliana Highway, in the stretch between the city of Estreito, in the state of Maranhão, and the city of Belém.	BR-010	Maranhão
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oppum is a district of Krefeld, a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Oppum	Krefeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horse Show Fountain, also known as the Wright-Bock Fountain, is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.	Horse Show Fountain	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diablo Canyon Power Plant is an electricity-generating nuclear power plant near Avila Beach in San Luis Obispo County, California.	Diablo Canyon Power Plant	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yankee Springs Recreation Area is a state-managed protected area located in Yankee Springs Township in Barry County, Michigan.	Yankee Springs Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carrot River is a river in north-eastern Saskatchewan, and north-western Manitoba.	Carrot River	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhaksy District (Kazakh: Жақсы ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Zhaksy District	Akmola Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Clay's Law Office was the law office of American statesman Henry Clay in Lexington, Kentucky from 1803 to 1810.	Henry Clay's Law Office	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markala is a commune in Mali's Ségou Region on the Niger River 35 km down stream from the town of Ségou.	Markala	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharafabad-e Bala (Persian: شرف ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Sharafābād-e Bālā; also known as Sharafābād) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sharafabad-e Bala	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Verona.	Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo	Province of Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Paris Bridge is an historic structure located near the town of Coggon in rural Linn County, Iowa, United States.	Upper Paris Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nancenoy (Cornish: Nans Noy, meaning Noah's valley) is a hamlet near Constantine in west Cornwall, England.	Nancenoy	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yorktown Center is an enclosed regional shopping mall located in the village of Lombard, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Yorktown Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pich Kuh (Persian: پيچكوه‎, also Romanized as Pīch Kūh; also known as Pīch Kūh-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families.	Pich Kuh	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Tommaso in Parione is one of the two national churches of Ethiopia in Rome.	San Tommaso in Parione	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYGR (1530 AM, ``GR1530 & GR94.9'') is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Adult Contemporary format, licensed to Wyoming, Michigan and serving the Grand Rapids area.	WYGR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Ottawa South is an older urban neighbourhood in Capital Ward in Ottawa, Canada.	Old Ottawa South	Capital Ward
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Fergus (Scottish Gaelic: Peit Fhearghais) is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, formerly in the county of Banffshire.	St Fergus	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mompox or Mompós, officially Santa Cruz de Mompox, is a town and municipality in northern Colombia, in the Bolívar Department, which has preserved its colonial character.	Santa Cruz de Mompox	Bolívar Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located south of Nine Mile Mountain, just east of Hazelton in the Skeena Country, comprising c. 307 ha.	Ross Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jewish Educational Center is a fifteen-year yeshiva school located in Elizabeth, in Union County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in Pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grades.	Jewish Educational Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gari Eslamabad (Persian: گري اسلام آباد‎, also Romanized as Garī Eslāmābād; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gari Eslamabad	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandai High School is a municipal high school located at 6-8-1 Nuttari Higashi, Chuo Ward in Niigata City, Niigata Prefecture.	Bandai High School	Niigata
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Diego Miramar College (known more informally as Miramar) is a public, two-year community college located in San Diego, California.	San Diego Miramar College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerekvička-Rosice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtsɛrɛkvitʃka ˈrosɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Cerekvička-Rosice	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smarden is a civil parish and village, west of Ashford in Kent, South East England.	Smarden	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coast Range Geomorphic Province is a portion of coastal California, United States.	Coast Range Geomorphic Province	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalukai (Persian: كلوكاي‎, also Romanized as Kalūkāī) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalukai	Surak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Glaciares National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Los Glaciares, ``Glaciers National Park'') is a federal protected area in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina.	Los Glaciares National Park	Santa Cruz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aljira, a Center for Contemporary Art is an art gallery in downtown Newark, New Jersey, United States.	Aljira, a Center for Contemporary Art	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlin Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAD6), is located on Atlin Lake adjacent to Atlin, British Columbia, Canada.	Atlin Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlotte United Christian Academy is a private, Christian school located in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Charlotte United Christian Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przystałowice Małe (pʂɨstawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przystałowice Małe	Gmina Rusinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nantucket Cottage Hospital is a not-for-profit regional medical center located in Nantucket, Massachusetts and is the only hospital on the island.	Nantucket Cottage Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rayadurgam is a municipal town and taluk headquarters in Anantapur district of the state of Andhra Pradesh.	Rayadurg	Anantapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamiyeh (Persian: اسلاميه‎, also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh; formerly Bāghestān-e Ferdows and Beheshtābād) is a city in the Central District of Ferdows County, in South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eslamiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Creek Peak is a mountain in eastern Iron County in southwestern Utah in the United States.	Little Creek Peak	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alnwick (i/ˈænᵻk/) is a market town in north Northumberland, England.	Alnwick	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rad Jan Kollar cis 101 Z.C.B.J., also known as Z.C.B.J. Hall, is a historic building near Du Bois, Nebraska, United States, that was built in 1920-21.	Rad Jan Kollar cis 101 Z.C.B.J.	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byward Street is a road in the City of London, the historic and financial centre of London.	Byward Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa del Poggio Imperiale (English: Villa of the Imperial Hill) is a predominantly neoclassical former grand ducal villa in Arcetri, just to the south of Florence in Tuscany, central Italy.	Villa del Poggio Imperiale	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia (ˈvɔla kɔrɨbuˈtɔva kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Korybutowa-Kolonia	Gmina Siedliszcze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limanowa County (Polish: powiat limanowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Limanowa County	Lesser Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisiak (ˈliɕak) (German: Elisenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Lisiak	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbiyeh is an archaeological site approximately 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south of Sidon, northeast of Ain Kantarah in Lebanon.	Akbiyeh	Sidon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiruchanur also known as Alamelu Mangapuram is a census town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Tiruchanur	Chittoor district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flores Airport (IATA: FLW, ICAO: LPFL) (Portuguese: Aeroporto das Flores) is a regional airport on the island of Flores in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Flores Airport	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunkerton High School is a small high school in Dunkerton, Iowa.	Dunkerton High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Turn Farm is a historic farm complex located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Middle Smithfield Township, Monroe County, Pennsylvania, USA.	John Turn Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sejahrud (Persian: سجهرود‎, also Romanized as Sejahrūd; also known as Sakhrūd) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sejahrud	Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John S. Honeyman House is a house located in the West End area of downtown Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	John S. Honeyman House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad Industrial Area (Persian: ناحيه صنعتي اسلام آباد‎ -- Nāḥīyeh Şanʿatī-ye Eslāmābād) is a villageand company town in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Eslamabad Industrial Area	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gumieńce (German: Scheune) is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river, west of the Szczecin Old Town, Middle Town and Pomorzany.	Gumieńce	Szczecin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minnetonka Cave is one of the larger limestone caves in the state of Idaho.	Minnetonka Cave	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baceno (Lombard Bascén, Walser German: Aager) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Verbania, on the border with Switzerland.	Baceno	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žatika Sport Centre is a multi-functional hall in Poreč.	Žatika Sport Centre	Poreč
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krępa Mała (ˈkrɛmpa ˈmawa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krępa Mała	Gmina Zielona Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazhavallan is a village in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Vazhavallan	Thoothukudi district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Hills Bank Pavilion is a Live Nation-owned outdoor amphitheater located in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Blue Hills Bank Pavilion	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iešjávri (or Iesjavri) is a large lake on the border of the municipalities of Alta, Kautokeino, and Karasjok in Finnmark county, Norway.	Iešjávri	Alta	Kautokeino	Karasjok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gafsa Governorate (Tunisian Arabic: ولاية ڨفصة‎ Wilāyat Gafṣa) is one of the 24 governorates of Tunisia.	Gafsa Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Källö-Knippla is an island and a locality in Öckerö Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 369 inhabitants in 2010.	Källö-Knippla	Öckerö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolf Creek Shooting Complex, now known as the Tom Lowe Shooting Grounds, is a shooting range located southwest of Atlanta, Georgia, United States, in Fulton County.	Wolf Creek Shooting Complex	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pantalowice (pantalɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pantalowice	Gmina Kańczuga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sieradowice Drugie (ɕɛradɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ) is a metropoly in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sieradowice Drugie	Gmina Bodzentyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meynun (Persian: مينون‎, also Romanized as Meynūn) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Meynun	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkstein is a district in the municipality of Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany.	Parkstein	Neustadt an der Waldnaab
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAAF Bradfield Park was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) station located at the former suburb of Bradfield Park (now Lindfield, New South Wales) during World War II.	RAAF Bradfield Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Box Butte Dam (National ID # NE01069) is a dam in the arid northwestern panhandle area of Dawes County, Nebraska.	Box Butte Dam	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boath or Bonthala (old name) is a town, a Mandal Thalooka & Constituency of Adilabad district in Telangana State.	Boath	Adilabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenville Memorial Hospital is a 710-bed tertiary referral hospital and academic center located at 701 Grove Road, Greenville, South Carolina.	Greenville Memorial Hospital	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villammare is a southern Italian village and the only hamlet (frazione) of Vibonati, a municipality in the province of Salerno, Campania.	Villammare	Vibonati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiladangari (ଚିଲଡଙ୍ଗରି) is a village of Koksara Block in Dharmagarh sub-division in Kalahandi District in Odisha State.	Chiladangari	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźnica-Kolonia (bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Brzeźnica-Kolonia	Gmina Jastrowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a hotel, casino, and convention center in Winchester, Nevada, owned by Westgate Resorts.	Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Stevenson State Park is a North Dakota state park located in McLean County, south of the community of Garrison.	Fort Stevenson State Park	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Trout Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area in the Sierra Nevada, in Tulare County and Inyo County, California.	Golden Trout Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedy River Industrial District runs along Reedy River between River Street and Camperdown Way, in Greenville, South Carolina.	Reedy River Industrial District	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northcote High School is a co-educational, state secondary school in Northcote, Victoria, Australia.	Northcote High School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cargo Muchacho Mountains are located in the southeast Colorado Desert in the Lower Colorado River Valley, in Imperial County, California in the United States.	Cargo Muchacho Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNLX (104.9 FM, ``New Life 104.9'') is a commercial radio station allocated to serve Prineville, Oregon, USA.	KNLX	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zevenaar ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a city in the Gelderland province, in the eastern Netherlands near the border with Germany.	Zevenaar	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	10th Street Market, also known as the Oakland Free Market or Sanitary Free Market was a commercial market district in Oakland, Alameda County, California.	10th Street Market	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khojeh Darreh (Persian: خجه دره‎) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khojeh Darreh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chautauqua Park Historic District is located on the north side of Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Chautauqua Park Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaydasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان جايدشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jaydasht Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Superior College (LSC) is a two-year community and technical college in Duluth, Minnesota.	Lake Superior College	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria della Spina is a small church in the Italian city of Pisa.	Santa Maria della Spina	Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern National Bank was a historic bank building located in the Hartranft neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Northern National Bank	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clungunford is a village and civil parish in south Shropshire, England, located near the border with Herefordshire.	Clungunford	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnacles National Park is a U.S. National Park protecting a mountainous area located east of the Salinas Valley in Central California, about 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Soledad and 80 miles (130 km) southeast of San Jose.	Pinnacles National Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azad Manjir (Persian: ازادمنجير‎, also Romanized as Āzād Manjīr; also known as Āzār Matjīr) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Azad Manjir	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vargar (Persian: ورگر‎) is a village in Jaber-e Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Vargar	Jaber-e Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hannibal Regional Airport (ICAO: KHAE, FAA LID: HAE) is a public use airport in Marion County, Missouri, United States.	Hannibal Regional Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mott Street (Chinese: 勿街; pinyin: Wùjiē; Jyutping: Mat6gaai1) is a narrow but busy thoroughfare that runs in a north--south direction in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Mott Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twedt (Danish: Tved) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Twedt	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kułaki (kuˈwaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kułaki	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2751 or FM 2751 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from FM 1844 near Judson north to Brown Rd.	Farm to Market Road 2751	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Moors is a village in East Dorset, England, on the northern fringe of the Poole-Bournemouth conurbation, just outside the larger settlements of Ferndown and Verwood.	West Moors	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pińczów County (Polish: powiat pińczowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.	Pińczów County	Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andarpa (Persian: اندرپا‎, also Romanized as Andarpā) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Andarpa	Kamareh District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuderk (Persian: تودرك‎, also Romanized as Tūderk) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tuderk	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Playgreen Lake is a lake in the province of Manitoba in Canada.	Playgreen Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulucz (ˈulut͡ʂ) (Ukrainian: Улюч, Uliuch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ulucz	Gmina Dydnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern New England Telephone Company Building is a historic high-rise office building at 55 Trumbull Street in Hartford, Connecticut.	Southern New England Telephone Company Building	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch School of Law was a law school in Washington, D.C. which specialized in public advocacy.	Antioch School of Law	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlosh Island is an island in Loch Bracadale just off the coast of the Minginish and Harlosh peninsulas of Skye in Scotland.	Harlosh Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamhani is a town and a nagar panchayat (a kind of municipality) in Mandla district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Bamhani	Mandla district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahnama Mahalleh (Persian: راهنمامحله‎, also Romanized as Rahnamā Maḩalleh) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rahnama Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelante High School is one of seven high schools in the Roseville Joint Union High School District in Roseville, Placer County, California.	Adelante High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penela (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨˈnɛlɐ)) is a municipality located in Coimbra District, in Portugal.	Penela	Coimbra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huazhou District (simplified Chinese: 华州区; traditional Chinese: 華州区), formerly Hua County or Huaxian (simplified Chinese: 华县; traditional Chinese: 華縣; pinyin: Huà Xiàn), is a district of Weinan, Shaanxi province, China.	Huazhou District	Weinan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merboltice (German: Mertendorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Merboltice	Děčín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hills Centre was a modern brutalist complex of civic buildings in Castle Hill, New South Wales opened in stages between 1982 and 1988, and demolished in 2013.	Hills Centre	Castle Hill, New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangbei (Chinese: 上碑镇) is a township-level division of Xingtang County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Shangbei	Xingtang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharifabad-e Tajar (Persian: شريف ابادطجر‎, also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Ţajar; also known as Sharīfābād and Sharif Abad Samen) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sharifabad-e Tajar	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muzhappilangad is a small coastal village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Muzhappilangad	Kannur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashburne Hall (to which Sheavyn House is an annex) is a University of Manchester hall of residence for students on the Fallowfield Campus, situated 2 miles (3.2 km) south of the main university campus (the Oxford Road Campus).	Ashburne Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marko's Monastery (Macedonian and Serbian: Марков Манастир) is a monastery located in the village of Markova Sušica, 18 kilometres (11 mi) from central Skopje in the Republic of Macedonia.	Marko's Monastery	Markova Sušica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fai della Paganella (German: Oberpfeidt or Welsch-Faid) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Trento.	Fai della Paganella	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Museum of Bhutan is a cultural museum in the town of Paro in western Bhutan.	National Museum of Bhutan	Paro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putahow Lake is a lake in north-west Manitoba near the provincial boundary with Nunavut, Canada.	Putahow Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Bloomfield School is a historic school located at North Bloomfield in Livingston County, New York.	North Bloomfield School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNML (610 kHz) is an American radio station in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	KNML	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanjanist (Armenian: Լանջանիստ; until 1968, Kadrlu, Khidirli, and Kaayrlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Lanjanist	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Zangul (Persian: سفيدزنگول‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Zangūl and Safīd Zangūl; also known as Sefīd Jāngur) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sefid Zangul	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cielechowizna (t͡ɕɛlɛxɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cielechowizna	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almachovan (Persian: الماچوان‎, also Romanized as Ālmāchovān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Almachovan	Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sausar (Saunsar) is a town and a nagar palika in Chhindwara district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Sausar	Chhindwara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangolabad (Persian: كنگل اباد‎, also Romanized as Kangolābād; also known as Gangalābād, Gangazu, Gangelo, Gangolābād, and Sheyţān Kand) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kangolabad	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic Northeast is a region of North America, which includes the US states of New Hampshire, Vermont, and Maine, as well as the Canadian Maritimes.	Atlantic Northeast	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shesh Ab (Persian: شش اب‎, also Romanized as Shesh Āb) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District, in the Central District of Ramian County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Shesh Ab	Qaleh Miran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Poppleford is a large village situated on the A3052 road between Exeter and Sidmouth on the west side of the River Otter in East Devon, within the East Devon AONB.	Newton Poppleford	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chojty (ˈxɔi̯tɨ) (German: Choyten; 1929-1945: Koiten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chojty	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weymouth Township School District is a public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Weymouth Township, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Weymouth Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faryab-e Sanguyeh (Persian: فارياب سنگويه‎‎, also Romanized as Fāryāb-e Sangūyeh; also known as Fāryāb-e Sangū and Fāryāb-e-Sengu) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Faryab-e Sanguyeh	Fatuyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puddletown is a village and associated civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset, England.	Puddletown	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bettles Lodge, a few miles from Bettles, Alaska on the south bank of the Koyukuk River, in the Brooks Range, was built in 1951 by Warren Killen and Wilfred Evans.	Bettles Lodge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rekola railway station (Finnish: Rekolan rautatieasema; Swedish: Räckhals station) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in the district of Rekola in the city of Vantaa, Finland.	Rekola railway station	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opsterland (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɔpstərlɑnt); West Frisian: Opsterlân) is a municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands.	Opsterland	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anviq (Persian: انويق‎, also Romanized as Anvīq and Anavīq; also known as Amvei and Amvey) is a village in Jushin Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Anviq	Jushin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piasty Wielkie (ˈpjastɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Gross Peisten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Piasty Wielkie	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooters Casino Hotel is a hotel and casino located off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States.	Hooters Casino Hotel	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburn City Hall in Auburn, Alabama, built in 1933, is the city hall of Auburn, Alabama.	Auburn City Hall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Fork Elk River, or North Fork Elk Creek is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) tributary of the Elk River in Routt County, Colorado.	North Fork Elk River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibford Gower is a village and civil parish about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire, on the north side of the Sib valley, opposite Sibford Ferris.	Sibford Gower	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint Spyridon the New Church (Romanian: Sfântul Spiridon Nou) is a Romanian Orthodox church in Bucharest, Romania on Calea Șerban Vodă, no. 29.	Saint Spyridon the New Church	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Chabot is a man-made lake covering 317 acres (1.3 km2) in Alameda County, California.	Lake Chabot	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiasso (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkjasso), or commonly in Lombard: Ciass (tʃasː)) is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Chiasso	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolajan-e Qajar (Persian: كلاجان قاجار‎, also Romanized as Kolājān-e Qājār) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kolajan-e Qajar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słaboludz-Kolonia (swaˈbɔlut͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słaboludz-Kolonia	Gmina Kleczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betzenweiler is a municipality in the Biberach district of Baden-Württemberg, in southwestern Germany.	Betzenweiler	Biberach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sufian Sar (Persian: صوفيان سر‎, also Romanized as Şūfīān Sar; also known as Sūfūn Sar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sufian Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laxson Creek is a stream in Bandera County, Texas, in the United States.	Laxson Creek	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramjerd (Persian: رامجرد‎, formerly, Kushkak (Persian: كوشكك), also Romanized as Kūshkak) is a city in and the capital of Dorudzan District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ramjerd	Dorudzan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weserburg is a modern art museum in Bremen, Germany.	Weserburg	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1979, New York State acquired the 7,200 acres (29 km2) of Nehasane Park surrounding Lake Lila;	Lake Lila	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźno Szlacheckie (ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ) (Kashubian: Szlachecczé Brzézno, German: Adlig Briesen) is a village in Gmina Lipnica, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brzeźno Szlacheckie	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south-central Oklahoma in the United States.	Arbuckle Mountains	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maradki (maˈratki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Maradki	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Built in 1915, the Old Tarpon Springs City Hall is a historic site in Tarpon Springs, Florida.	Old Tarpon Springs City Hall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boronice (bɔrɔˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Boronice	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabla Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Шабла) is a municipality (obshtina) in Dobrich Province, Bulgaria, located in the north-easternmost part of the country on the Northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast in Southern Dobruja geographical region, bounded by Romania to the north.	Shabla Municipality	Dobrich Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canelo Ranger Station, also known as Canelo Work Station, is a historic ranger station in the Coronado National Forest, within Santa Cruz County of southern Arizona.	Canelo Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierton is a village in Buckinghamshire, England, about half a mile northeast of the town of Aylesbury.	Bierton	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lidao (Chinese: 俚岛镇) is a town in Rongcheng City, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Lidao	Rongcheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghisabad (Persian: مغيث اباد‎, also Romanized as Moghīs̄ābād; also known as Sheyūr and Sheyvar) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Moghisabad	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Gharu (Persian: چل غرو‎, also Romanized as Chal Gharū) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chal Gharu	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Naseri (Persian: دشت ناصري‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Nāşerī; also known as Nāşerī) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Naseri	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brčko District (pronounced (br̩̂t͡ʃkɔː); Serbo-Croatian: Brčko distrikt/Брчко дистрикт) in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina is a neutral, self-governing administrative unit, under the sovereignty of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brčko District	Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atomium (GA: /əˈtoʊmiːəm/ ə-TOH-mee-əm) is a building in Brussels originally constructed for Expo 58, the 1958 Brussels World's Fair.	Atomium	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport (IATA: SPI, ICAO: KSPI, FAA LID: SPI) is a civil-military public airport in Sangamon County, Illinois.	Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Châteauneuf-Grasse (also known as Châteauneuf de Grasse or simply Châteauneuf) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	Châteauneuf-Grasse	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wassy (French pronunciation: ​(vasi)), formerly known as Wassy-sur-Blaise, is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.	Wassy	Haute-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steeple Ashton is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Trowbridge.	Steeple Ashton	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rondeau Provincial Park, located in southwestern Ontario, Canada is the second oldest provincial park having been established with an order in council on 8 September 1894.	Rondeau Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland City Center is an office and shopping and hotel complex in Downtown Oakland, California.	Oakland City Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muirshearlich (Scottish Gaelic: Muir Sìorlaich) is a small hamlet, 4 miles northeast of Fort William, along the B8004 road, in Lochaber, Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland.	Muirshearlich	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	EMSL (pronounced em-zul), or the William R. Wiley Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory, is a national scientific user facility located at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, Washington.	Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanengan (Welsh for ``St. Einion's'') is a small village and community 1.2 mi (1.9 km) southwest of Abersoch in Gwynedd in northern Wales.	Llanengan	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis, Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.	Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belpasso (Sicilian: Belpassu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northwest of Catania.	Belpasso	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	ABC Riverina is an ABC Local Radio station based in Wagga Wagga and broadcasting to the Riverina and Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area regions in New South Wales.	ABC Riverina	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Meshkin (Persian: اب مشكين‎, also Romanized as Āb Meshkīn; also known as Āb-e Meshgīn and Āb-i-Mushkin) is a village in Mehraban-e Olya Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Ab Meshkin	Mehraban-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Sorkheh (Persian: قلعه سرخه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sorkheh) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 29 families.	Qaleh Sorkheh	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Govan Mbeki Local Municipality (formerly Highveld East Local Municipality) is a South African Local Municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality, of Mpumalanga.	Govan Mbeki Local Municipality	Gert Sibande District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borki-Wyrki (ˈbɔrki ˈvɨrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borki-Wyrki	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tafrijan (Persian: تفريجان‎, also Romanized as Tafrījān) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tafrijan	Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashi-ye Nahang (Persian: كلاشي نهنگ‎, also Romanized as Kalāshī-ye Nahang; also known as Kalāsh-e Nahang, Nahang, and Nehang) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalashi-ye Nahang	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jieyang (Chinese: 揭阳; pinyin: Jiēyáng) is a prefecture-level city in Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Jieyang	Guangdong
located in the administrative territorial entity	1001 Woodward is an office building in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	1001 Woodward	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawiady (naˈvjadɨ) (German: Aweyden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nawiady	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacob's Church (St. Jacob's Evangelical Lutheran Church) is a historic Lutheran church at 213 E. Central Avenue in Miamisburg, Ohio.	Jacob's Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarv Kola (Persian: سروكلا‎, also Romanized as Sarv Kolā and Sarv Kalā) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarv Kola	Hasan Reza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyt-e Matlib (Persian: بيت مطليب‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Maṭlīb) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beyt-e Matlib	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Grant stands a mile north of Grantown-on-Spey and was the former seat of the Clan Grant chiefs of Strathspey in Highlands, Scotland.	Castle Grant	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesueur Conservation Park, formerly the Cape Hart Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia located on the Dudley Peninsula on Kangaroo Island.	Lesueur Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlmont High School is a public high school in Belmont, California, United States serving grades 9--12 as part of the Sequoia Union High School District.	Carlmont High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium (Armenian: Վազգեն Սարգսյանի անվան Հանրապետական մարզադաշտ) also known as the Republican Stadium (Armenian: Հանրապետական մարզադաշտ; Hanrapetakan Stadium) is an all-seater multi-use stadium located on 65 Vardanants street, in the Armenian capital Yerevan.	Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium	Yerevan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parker Homestead is a historic home and grounds in Little Silver, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States located at 235 Rumson Road near Sickles Park.	Parker Homestead	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Max and Mina's is an ice cream store in New York City.	Max and Mina's	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrhaven is a rapidly growing suburban neighbourhood in the southwest of the urban area of the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, about 17 km (11 mi) southwest of downtown Ottawa.	Barrhaven	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	88 Scott is a mixed-use skyscraper being built in Toronto, Ontario, on the corner of Scott Street and Wellington Street.	88 Scott	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Bergeyre is a former sports stadium in northeast of Paris, France, located in 19th district of the French capital.	Stade Bergeyre	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matanzas Inlet is a channel in Florida between barrier islands connecting the Atlantic Ocean and the south end of the Matanzas River.	Matanzas Inlet	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Clears (/səntˈklɛərz/ sənt-KLAIRZ; Welsh: Sanclêr) is a community and small town on the River Tâf in Carmarthenshire, Wales.	St Clears	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schönebeck (German: (ˈʃøːnəbɛk)) is a town in the district of Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Schönebeck	Salzlandkreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shisanling Pumped Storage Power Station (十三陵抽水蓄能电厂) is a pumped-storage power station in Changping County of Beijing, China, near the Thirteen Tombs of the Ming Dynasty from where it got its name Shisanling, which means ``thirteen tombs''.	Shisanling Pumped Storage Power Station	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parap Airfield was the civilian airport/aerodrome at Parap a suburb of Darwin, Northern Territory, in Australia between 1919 and 1946.	Parap Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stayley Hall, also known as Staley Hall, is a Grade II* Listed Building in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester.	Stayley Hall	Stalybridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amon Düül began in 1967 as a radical political art commune of Munich-based artists calling themselves, in part, after the Egyptian Sun God Amon.	Amon Düül	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bottle House Block is a brick rowhouse at 204-214 3rd Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Bottle House Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgierki (vɛnˈɡʲɛrki) (German: Wilhelmsau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Węgierki	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadakkaanchery is a small town in the Thrissur district of Kerala.	Vadakkaanchery	Thrissur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Karimi (Persian: قلعه كريمي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Karīmī) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.	Qaleh Karimi	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koch-e Yusof (Persian: كچ يوسف‎, also Romanized as Koch-e Yūsof; also known as Koch) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Koch-e Yusof	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinker Peak is a stratovolcano, in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt, British Columbia, Canada.	Clinker Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Hesab (Persian: اقاحساب‎, also Romanized as Āqā Ḩesāb) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Aqa Hesab	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gassantoda Castle (月山富田城, Gassantoda-jō) is a mountain castle, or yamashiro, located in Yasugi, Shimane Prefecture, Japan.	Gassantoda Castle	Yasugi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purjavid (Persian: پورجاويد‎, also Romanized as Pūrjāvīd) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Purjavid	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangleton is an estate in west Hove, East Sussex.	Hangleton	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paddock Wood is a small town and civil parish in the Borough of Tunbridge Wells and county of Kent in England, about 8 miles (13 km) southwest of Maidstone.	Paddock Wood	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cajon Pass (/kəˈhoʊn/; elevation 3,777 ft (1,151 m)) is a mountain pass between the San Bernardino Mountains and the San Gabriel Mountains in Southern California in the United States.	Cajon Pass	Southern California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viggiù (Vigiǘ in Milanese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Milan and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.	Viggiù	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korda Studios (in Hungarian: Korda Filmstúdió) is a new film studio complex 26 km west of Budapest in the wine-making village of Etyek; hence the media nickname Etyekwood.	Korda Studios	Etyek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio João Cardoso is a football stadium in Tondela, Portugal, with a capacity for 5,000 spectators.	Estádio João Cardoso	Tondela
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ricardo Brennand Institute (in Portuguese Instituto Ricardo Brennand, IRB) is a cultural institution located in the city of Recife, Brazil.	Ricardo Brennand Institute	Recife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilminster is a town and civil parish in the countryside of south west Somerset, England, with a population of 5,808.	Ilminster	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itkohwa is one of the villages under Block-Madanpur, Aurangabad district, Bihar, India.	Itkohwa	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłusity Wielkie (kwuˈɕitɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Klaussitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kłusity Wielkie	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broken Ridge Buddhist Temple (Hangul: 무량사 ``Mu Ryang Sa'') is a Korean Buddhist temple on the island of Oahu in the U.S. state of Hawaii.	Broken Ridge Buddhist Temple	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQXT-FM (101.9 FM, ``Q101.9'') is a San Antonio, Texas, adult contemporary radio station operating with 100,000 watts from a transmitter site on the Tower of the Americas in downtown San Antonio.	KQXT-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Previously a separate municipality, Fish Hoek is now part of the City of Cape Town.	Fish Hoek	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasym-Kolonie (ˈpasɨm kɔˈlɔɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pasym-Kolonie	Gmina Pasym
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYFK (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to the community of Columbus, Georgia, USA.	WYFK	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qir and Karzin County (Persian: شهرستان قیر و کارزین‎‎ - Shahrestan Qir va Karzin) is a county in Fars Province, Iran.	Qir and Karzin County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apatin (Serbian Cyrillic: Апатин) is a town and municipality in the Vojvodina administrative region of Serbia, located in the West Bačka District, at 45°40′N 18°59′E. The town of Apatin is the administrative, economic, cultural, educational and tourist centre of the municipality of Apatin (333 km²).	Apatin	West Bačka District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Green's School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form, located in Cubitt Town, on the Isle of Dogs in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, England.	George Green's School	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avalon State Park is a Florida State Park, located on North Hutchinson Island, 4 miles north of Fort Pierce Inlet State Park, along A1A.	Avalon State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Central School, located on West Kendrick Avenue, Hamilton, New York was established in 1946.	Hamilton Central School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warwick Municipal Airport (FAA LID: N72) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Warwick, a village in the Town of Warwick, Orange County, New York, United States.	Warwick Municipal Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thundridge is a village and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire District, in the county of Hertfordshire.	Thundridge	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starościce (starɔɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Starościce	Gmina Milejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balnacra (Scottish Gaelic: Beul-àtha na Crà) is a village in Strathcarron, Ross-Shire, Scotland, roughly seven miles from the village of Lochcarron.	Balnacra	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hushut (Persian: هوشوت‎, also Romanized as Hūshūt) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Hushut	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gildersleeve House was a house located at 108 Broadway in Hudson, Illinois.	Gildersleeve House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Jan Mohammad (Persian: بنه جان محمد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Jān Moḩammad) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Jan Mohammad	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Lagoon is the second of three similar lagoons within Humboldt Lagoons State Park, along the coast of Humboldt County, California.	Stone Lagoon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gillioz Theatre was built by M. E. Gillioz of Monett, Missouri.	Gillioz Theatre	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straßgang (from Slavic straža ``look-out, watchtower'') is the 16th city district of Graz, in the Austrian province of Styria.	Straßgang	Graz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Procter R. Hug High School is a fully accredited public high school in Reno, Nevada, and belongs to the Washoe County School District.	Hug High School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yekkeh Shakh (Persian: يكه شاخ‎, also Romanized as Yekkeh Shākh) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Shakh	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCQL, ``Fox Sports Radio 1340,'' is a sports station licensed to Aztec, New Mexico in the Four Corners region.	KCQL	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barabanki district is one of four districts of Faizabad division, lies at the very heart of Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and forms as it were a centre from which no less than seven other districts radiate.	Barabanki district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lurg (from Irish Lorg, meaning ``mark, trail or track'') is a barony situated in the north of County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.	Lurg	County Fermanagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davarijan (Persian: دواريجان‎, also Romanized as Davārījān; also known as Bāmsar, Bāmsar-e Pā’īn, and Ḩedārījān) is a village in Silakhor Rural District, Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Davarijan	Silakhor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acıpayam is a town and a rural district of Denizli Province in high country between the Aegean and Mediterranean regions of Turkey.	Acıpayam	Denizli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilat Village is a village situated under the East Siang district, Arunachal Pradesh.	Bilat Village	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyndon Bridge is a metal Parker Pratt through-truss bridge in the village of Lyndon, Whiteside County, Illinois, United States.	Lyndon Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakareza-ye Amid Ali (Persian: كاكارضااميدعلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kākāreẕā-ye Āmīd ʿAlī; also known as Kākāreẕā-ye Markazī and Shahrak-e Kākā Reẕā) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kakareza-ye Amid Ali	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charmak (Persian: چرمك‎) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Charmak	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkintilloch (/ˌkɜːrkᵻnˈtɪləx/; Scottish Gaelic: Cair Cheann Tulaich) is a town and former royal burgh in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Kirkintilloch	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulan County (simplified Chinese: 木兰县; traditional Chinese: 木蘭縣; pinyin: Mùlán Xiàn) is under the administration of Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Mulan County	Harbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peleriyeh (Persian: پلريه‎, also Romanized as Pelerīyeh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Peleriyeh	Larijan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bytonia (bɨˈtɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bytonia	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisheh Mahalleh (Persian: بيشه محله‎, also Romanized as Bīsheh Maḩalleh) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bisheh Mahalleh	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Verger (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ veɾˈdʒeɾ), Spanish: Vergel (berˈxel)) is a town of 4,992 inhabitants situated 3 kilometres from the Mediterranean sea and 8 kilometres from Dénia, in the Comarca of Marina Alta, Land of Valencia, Spain.	El Verger	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiruvallur district (also known as Thiruvallur District) is an administrative district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Tiruvallur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hösseringen is a village in the collective municipality of Suderburg and lies southwest of Uelzen in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Hösseringen	Suderburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Anarak (Persian: اب انارك‎, also Romanized as Āb Ānārak; also known as Āb-e Nārow and Ābrow) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Anarak	Horgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBEM-FM (88.5 FM, ``Jazz 88'') is a Minneapolis, Minnesota public radio station broadcasting a jazz format.	KBEM-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kettle Valley is a community in the Boundary Country region of the Interior of British Columbia.	Kettle Valley	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar Kol (Persian: چناركل‎, also Romanized as Chenār Kol and Chenār Gol) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar Kol	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Afarineh (Persian: تلمبه خانه افرينه‎‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh-ye Āfarīneh) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tolombeh Khaneh-ye Afarineh	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mały Łęck (ˈmawɨ ˈwɛnt͡sk) (German: Klein Lensk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mały Łęck	Gmina Płośnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saratoga Springs Public Library (SSPL), established in 1950, is a public library located in Saratoga Springs in the Capital District area of New York.	Saratoga Springs Public Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danderyd Municipality (Danderyds kommun) is a municipality just north of Stockholm in Stockholm County in east central Sweden.	Danderyd Municipality	Stockholm County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Becks Grove Airport (FAA LID: K16) is a privately owned, public use airport located eight nautical miles (9 mi, 15 km) northwest of the central business district of Rome, a city in Oneida County, New York, United States.	Becks Grove Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Folk Art Center is a museum of Appalachian arts and crafts located at milepost 382 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Asheville, North Carolina.	Folk Art Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee Theatre (Chinese: 利舞臺) was a prominent theatre in Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Lee Theatre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfaffhausen (also known as Pffaffhausen) is a settlement in the municipality of Fällanden in the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Pfaffhausen	Fällanden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penta Geyser sits a few feet off the path adjacent to Spasmodic Geyser in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, USA.	Penta Geyser	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talleh Zang (Persian: تله زنگ‎, also Romanized as Taleh Zang and Talleh Zang-e Pā'īn) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talleh Zang	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, were built in 1913 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah.	Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKYR-FM (102.5 FM) is a Country music formatted radio station licensed to serve Texarkana, Texas.	KKYR-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Beygi (Persian: چاه بيگي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Beygī; also known as Chāh-e Āqāyī) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Beygi	Yunesi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Connel is a hamlet on the north side of Loch Etive in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	North Connel	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Baptist College (also known as American Baptist Theological Seminary or ABTS) is a small, predominantly African American liberal arts college located in Nashville, Tennessee.	American Baptist College	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muling (Chinese: 穆棱;; pinyin: Mùlíng) is a county-level city of Mudanjiang, southeastern Heilongjiang, Northeast China, on the border with Russia.	Muling	Mudanjiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meldorfer Gelehrtenschule (MGS) is a Highschool in Meldorf in the county Dithmarschen in Schleswig-Holstein.	Meldorfer Gelehrtenschule	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glenn Gould Foundation is a registered Canadian charitable organization based in Toronto, Canada.	Glenn Gould Foundation	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Martinsburg Historic District is associated with the growth of Martinsburg, West Virginia during the 1850s, when the development of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad brought German and Irish settlers to the area.	East Martinsburg Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopysno (kɔˈpɨsnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kopysno	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ocean County Mall is a super-regional mall, opened in 1976 by Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation, located in Toms River, New Jersey on Hooper Avenue (County Route 549).	Ocean County Mall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary/Springbank Airport or Springbank Airport, (ICAO: CYBW) is an airport located in Springbank, Alberta, a large western suburb of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary/Springbank Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowchilla Airport (FAA LID: 2O6) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) southeast of Chowchilla, serving Madera County, California, USA.	Chowchilla Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zapałów (zaˈpawuf) (Ukrainian: Жапалів, Zhapaliv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zapałów	Gmina Wiązownica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy at Charlemont is a small, private, college-preparatory day school, located on the Deerfield River in Charlemont, Massachusetts, that serves grade 7 through postgraduate.	Academy at Charlemont	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Major General George Henry Thomas, also known as the Thomas Circle Monument, is an equestrian sculpture in Washington, D.C. that honors Civil War general George Henry Thomas.	Major General George Henry Thomas	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erie Harbor North Pier Light, also known as the Presque Isle North Pier Light, is one of the three lighthouses near Erie, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Erie Harbor North Pier Light	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allen Correctional Institution, also known as the Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution, is a prison located in Lima, Ohio, a facility of the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction.	Allen Correctional Institution	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nal-e Kanan (Persian: نعل كنان‎, also Romanized as Na``l-e Kanān) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 236, in 49 families.	Nal-e Kanan	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamal Beyk (Persian: كمال بيك‎, also Romanized as Kamāl Beyk; also known as Kamāl Bak, Kamāl Beyg, and Kamāl Bik) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kamal Beyk	Jabal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John McEachern High School or McEachern High School is a public high school established in 1908 in Powder Springs, Georgia, USA.	McEachern High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarębisko (zarɛmˈbiskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zarębisko	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryczków (ˈrɨt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ryczków	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalejin District (Persian: بخش لالجین‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Lalejin District	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hepscott is a small village in the county of Northumberland, England, about 2 miles (3 km) south east of Morpeth, the county town.	Hepscott	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdikhani (Persian: عبدي خاني‎, also Romanized as ``Abdīkhānī and ``Abdī Khānī; also known as ``Abdū Khānī) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 61 families.	Abdikhani	Dorunak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Okoboji Lake (sometimes known as West Lake Okoboji) is a natural body of water, approximately 3,847 acres (15.57 km2) in area, in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States.	West Okoboji Lake	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethsaida Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church Parsonage is a historic church parsonage in La Conner, Washington.	Bethsaida Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church Parsonage	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallajabad (Persian: حلاج اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩallājābād) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, Tazeh Kand District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hallajabad	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountaineer Power Plant is a major coal-fired power plant outside New Haven, West Virginia, USA.	Mountaineer Power Plant	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pracz (prat͡ʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pracz	Gmina Wyrzysk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schaerbeek/Schaarbeek railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Schaerbeek, Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium.	Schaarbeek railway station	Schaerbeek/Schaarbeek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahebdad (Persian: صاحبداد‎, also Romanized as Şāḩebdād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sahebdad	Zam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carmichael coal mine is a proposed thermal coal mine in the north of the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland, Australia.	Carmichael coal mine	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chords Bridge (Hebrew: גשר המיתרים‎, Gesher HaMeitarim), also called the Bridge of Strings or Jerusalem Light Rail Bridge, is a cantilever spar cable-stayed bridge in Jerusalem, Israel.	Chords Bridge	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steeple Barton is a civil parish and scattered settlement on the River Dorn in West Oxfordshire, about 8 1⁄2 miles (13.7 km) east of Chipping Norton, a similar distance west of Bicester and 9 miles (14 km) south of Banbury.	Steeple Barton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishampton is a village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire, England with a population of 678.	Bishampton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1528, after an eventful history, Brienz became part of the Canton of Bern.	Brienz	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMAV-FM (105.5 FM) is a radio station in Mayville, North Dakota, serving the Red River Valley of eastern North Dakota and northwest Minnesota with a country music format on weekdays and oldies format on weekends.	KMAV-FM	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galena Creek Schoolhouse in Storey County, Nevada, near Reno, is a historic schoolhouse that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.	Galena Creek Schoolhouse	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stotts Island Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve containing the Stotts Island, a river island, that is located in the mouth of the Tweed River, in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales in eastern Australia.	Stotts Island Nature Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changlang district (Pron:/tʃæŋˈlæŋ/) is located in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, located south of Lohit district and north of Tirap district.	Changlang district	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMNA-FM (106.3 FM) is a talk radio-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Gretna, Virginia, serving Gretna, Chatham and Northern Pittsylvania County.	WMNA-FM	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.	Brown State Fishing Lake	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Ferry Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 2N7) is a public-use seaplane base located one nautical mile (1.852 km) east of the central business district of the borough of Little Ferry on the Hackensack River in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Little Ferry Seaplane Base	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ensign Peak is a peak in the foothills near downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.	Ensign Peak	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traunreut is a town in southeastern Bavaria, Germany in the Traunstein district.	Traunreut	Traunstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Firebag River is a river in northern Alberta and Saskatchewan, Canada.	Firebag River	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skatavica (Cyrillic: Скатавица) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Skatavica	Čelinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campbell Archeological Site (23PM5), is an archaeological site in Southeastern Missouri occupied by the Late Mississippian Period Nodena Phase from 1350 to 1541 CE. The site features a large platform mound and village area, as well as several cemeteries.	Campbell Archeological Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuyvesant Square is a park in the New York City borough of Manhattan, located between 15th Street, 17th Street, Rutherford Place, and Nathan D. Perlman Place (formerly Livingston Place).	Stuyvesant Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manuke is a village on Guru Gobind Singh Marg (highway) in district Ludhiana, state of Punjab, India.	Manuke	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport Masonic Hall is historic building located at Newport, New Castle County, Delaware.	Newport Masonic Hall	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuźnica Bobrowska (kuʑˈnit͡sa bɔˈbrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kuźnica Bobrowska	Gmina Grabów nad Prosną
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Espírito (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐ̃tu ɨʃˈpiɾitu)) is a Portuguese civil parish, located in the municipality of Vila do Porto, in the autonomous region of Azores.	Santo Espírito	Vila do Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ickleford is a large village situated on the northern outskirts of Hitchin in North Hertfordshire in England.	Ickleford	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Randeh Sar (Persian: رنده سر‎) is a village in Haviq Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Randeh Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Jalal (Persian: باغ جلال‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Jalāl; also known as Jalālī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Jalal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zapon (Persian: زاپن‎, also Romanized as Zāpon; also known as Zāpūn) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zapon	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hällekis (pronounced ``Hellekees'') is a locality situated in Götene Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Hällekis	Götene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cox Building is a historic department store building located in Rochester, New York.	Cox Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Khatun Rural District (Persian: دهستان پل خاتون‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pol Khatun Rural District	Marzdaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Kheyrabad (Persian: صحراخيراباد‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Kheyrābād) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Kheyrabad	Murcheh Khvort Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antlers Municipal Airport (IATA: ATE, FAA LID: 80F) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Antlers, a city in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States.	Antlers Municipal Airport	Pushmataha County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cenarth is a village, parish and community in Carmarthenshire, adjoining the Cenarth Falls, bordering Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Cenarth	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashkar Meydan (Persian: اشكرميدان‎, also Romanized as Ashkar Meydān) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ashkar Meydan	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linów-Kolonia (ˈlinuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Linów-Kolonia	Gmina Zawichost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marbar (Persian: ماربر‎, also Romanized as Mārbar and Mār Bor; also known as Mālbor, Mār Boz, and Mār Bur) is a village in Sardshir Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Marbar	Sardshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oghlan Tappeh (Persian: اغلان تپه‎, also Romanized as Oghlān Tappeh, Owghlān Tappeh, and Uqlān Tepe) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Oghlan Tappeh	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stopham is a hamlet and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex, England, about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of Pulborough on the A283 road.	Stopham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phagwara is a city and it recently became municipal corporation in Kapurthala district in North India, in the central part of the Punjab.	Phagwara	Kapurthala district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Gazan (Persian: اب گزان‎, also Romanized as Āb Gazān; also known as Ābgazān-e Pākūh, Āb Gazān Pākū, and Ab Gozān Pākū) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ab Gazan	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Selden was a United States Army post, occupying the area in what is now Radium Springs, New Mexico.	Fort Selden	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firestone Fieldhouse is a multipurpose arena located in Malibu, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.	Firestone Fieldhouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandbon-e Ujargah (Persian: بندبن واجارگاه‎, also Romanized as Bandbon-e Ūjārgāh; also known as Bandbon-e Ojārgāh) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bandbon-e Ujargah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sannati or Sannathi is a small village, located on the banks of the Bhima River in Chitapur taluk of Gulbarga District of Northern Karnataka.	Sannati	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamui (Persian: كلامويي‎, also Romanized as Kalāmū’ī; also known as Bāgh-e Ḩeyrān and Bāgh Ḩeyrān) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kalamui	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çelikhan is a rural district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey.	Çelikhan	Adıyaman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Regional Airport (IATA: MGM, ICAO: KMGM, FAA LID: MGM) (Dannelly Field) is a public and military airport seven miles southwest of Montgomery, the capital of Alabama.	Montgomery Regional Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abiabad (Persian: ابي اباد‎, also Romanized as Abīābād; also known as Abūābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abiabad	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eydlu (Persian: عيدلو‎, also Romanized as ``Eydlū) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 7 families.	Eydlu	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knoebels Amusement Resort is a family-owned and operated amusement park, picnic grove, and campground in Elysburg, Pennsylvania.	Knoebels Amusement Resort	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay de Noc Community College (commonly called Bay College) is a public two-year college located in Escanaba, Michigan, United States, and was founded in 1962.	Bay de Noc Community College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noyes Academy was an interracial school founded by New England abolitionists in 1835 in Canaan, New Hampshire, United States.	Noyes Academy	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zambana (German: Zalban) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Trento.	Zambana	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Doniphan County Courthouse, located in Courthouse Square in Troy, is the seat of government of Doniphan County, Kansas.	Doniphan County Courthouse	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Ab Gorazi (Persian: چشمه اب گرازي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Āb Gorāzī) is a village in Korbal Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Ab Gorazi	Korbal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashiestiel is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the Parish of Caddonfoot, on the south side of the River Tweed, 4m (6.5km) east of Innerleithen.	Ashiestiel	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaktorówko (jaktɔˈrufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jaktorówko	Gmina Szamocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochlitzer Berg is a mountain of volcanic origin in Saxony, southeastern Germany.	Rochlitzer Berg	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaveh-ye Seyyed Mohammad Hoseyni (Persian: گوه سيدمحمدحسيني‎, also Romanized as Gaveh-ye Seyyed Moḩammad Ḩoseynī) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gaveh-ye Seyyed Mohammad Hoseyni	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipczynek (lipˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lipczynek	Gmina Przechlewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Flimwell is in the Rother District of East Sussex, in the civil parish of Ticehurst.	Flimwell	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzeh Ali (Persian: حمزه علي‎, also Romanized as Hamzeh ʿAlī) is a village in Dorud Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hamzeh Ali	Dorud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the ``Passage Dantzig,'' in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, La Ruche was an old three-storey circular structure that got its name because it looked more like a large beehive than any dwelling for humans.	La Ruche	15th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aitken House is a Canadian all-male residence, located on the University of New Brunswick's Fredericton campus.	Aitken House	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site, also known as Rutter's Mansion and Pine Forge Iron Plantation, is a historic iron plantation and mansion and national historic district located in Douglass Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rorspitzli is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located west of Wassen and Göschenen in the canton of Uri.	Rorspitzli	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coby Hall is an antebellum Georgian Revival former residence in Florence, Alabama, that now serves as a learning and cultural center for the University of North Alabama.	Coby Hall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drobnice (drɔbˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Drobnice	Gmina Osjaków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitrufquén (Spanish pronunciation: (pitɾufˈken)) is a Chilean city and commune in Cautín Province, Araucanía Region.	Pitrufquén	Cautín Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszalin County (Polish: powiat koszaliński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast.	Koszalin County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eryuan County (洱源县; pinyin: Ěryuán Xiàn) is a county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in southern Yunnan Province, China.	Eryuan County	Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvin Crest or Calvin Crest Conferences is a private Christian campsite near Oakhurst, California, USA.	Calvin Crest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monroe Township Public Schools is a comprehensive public school district serving the educational needs of students in grades Kindergarten through twelve from Monroe Township, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Monroe Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shockoe Bottom is an area in Richmond, Virginia, just east of downtown, along the James River.	Shockoe Bottom	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warrego Highway is located in southern Queensland, Australia.	Warrego Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The district is more commonly called the French Quarter today, or simply ``The Quarter,'' related to changes in the city with American immigration after the Louisiana Purchase.	French Quarter	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Soderick is a small hamlet to the south of Douglas, capital of the Isle of Man, once famed for its pleasure grounds and beach.	Port Soderick	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divraz (Persian: ديورز‎, also Romanized as Dīvraz) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Divraz	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wożuczyn (vɔˈʐut͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wożuczyn	Gmina Rachanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Repsol Campus is a building that serves as headquarters of the oil company Repsol, located on Mendez Alvaro street, 44, in the city of Madrid, Spain.	Repsol Campus	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Õisu (German: Euseküll) is a small borough in Halliste Parish, Viljandi County, in southern Estonia.	Õisu	Halliste Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 2012, Anna Paulowna has been a part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.	Anna Paulowna	Hollands Kroon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sam Houston Schoolhouse State Historic Site is a single-room log cabin-style schoolhouse in Maryville, Tennessee, built in 1794.	Sam Houston Schoolhouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Nieskurzów (ˈnɔvɨ ɲesˈkuʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowy Nieskurzów	Gmina Baćkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 1869 (RM 1869) is a ranch to market road in Burnet and Williamson counties, Texas.	Ranch to Market Road 1869	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eber Sherman Farm is a historic farmstead located at 1010 State Road in North Adams, Massachusetts.	Eber Sherman Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reijmerstok (Limburgish: Rimmesjtók) is a village in the municipality Gulpen-Wittem in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Reijmerstok	Gulpen-Wittem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unity Buildings in Liverpool, England consist of the 86 m (282 ft) tall Unity Residential and 64 m (210 ft) Unity Commercial.	Unity Buildings	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cosmonauts Alley (Russian: аллея Космонавтов) is a wide avenue in northern Moscow leading to the Russian Museum of Cosmonautics and the Monument to the Conquerors of Space .	Cosmonauts Alley	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowolesie (nɔvɔˈlɛɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowolesie	Gmina Strzelin
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Barlborough is an area of Barlborough village, Bolsover, Derbyshire, consisting of several housing estates and a single row of houses along the A619, between Chesterfield and Worksop.	New Barlborough	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brünnau is a village in the district of Kitzingen, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Brünnau	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rieser Mill is a historic grist mill and miller's house located in Bern Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Rieser Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmad Mardeh (Persian: احمدمرده‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad Mardeh) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ahmad Mardeh	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellburns is a fishing settlement in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Bellburns	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Chati (Persian: ده چاتي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Chātī) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Chati	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumar-e Meyani (Persian: دومارمياني‎, also Romanized as Dūmār-e Meyānī) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dumar-e Meyani	Saghder Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Mohammad Hajji (Persian: شهرك محمدحاجي‎, also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Moḩammad Ḩājjī) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Mohammad Hajji	Salehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kampong Trach District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់ត្រាច) is one of the 8 districts of the Kampot Province and it is located at the eastern part bordering Vietnam to the east, Banteay Meas District to the north, Kep Province to the west and the Gulf of Thailand to the south.	Kampong Trach District	Kampot Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilimanjaro Safaris is a safari attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom on the Walt Disney World Resort property in Lake Buena Vista, Florida.	Kilimanjaro Safaris	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timber Creek Regional High School is a four-year comprehensive community public high school for students in ninth through twelfth grades located in the Erial section in southern Gloucester Township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, operating as one of the three secondary schools of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District.	Timber Creek Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. Frank House is a historic mansion located in Kearney, Nebraska, United States.	George W. Frank House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abiz-e Jadid (Persian: ابيزجديد‎, also Romanized as Ābīz-e Jadīd; also known as Ābīz) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abiz-e Jadid	Shaskuh Rural District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanggui, also known as Kangpokpi, is the principal town of Sadar Hills under Sadar Hills Autonomous District Council in Manipur state of India.	Kangpokpi	Manipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sgt. Aubrey Cosens VC Memorial Bridge is named after Sgt. Aubrey Cosens VC, and is located in Latchford, Ontario where Highway 11 crosses the Montreal River.	Sgt. Aubrey Cosens VC Memorial Bridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peak of Puigmal (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌpudʒˈmaɫ)), also called Puigmal d'Err, is a mountain in the Pyrenees, in the Spanish-French border, within the limits of the municipality of Queralbs and the commune of Err.	Puigmal	Queralbs	Err
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spruce Creek Mound Complex is a prehistoric and early historic archeological site in Port Orange, Florida.	Spruce Creek Mound Complex	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dimeling Hotel is a historic hotel located in Clearfield, Pennsylvania, United States.	Dimeling Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prudence Building or Prudence Bonds Building was a fourteen story edifice at the southeast corner of Madison Avenue (Manhattan) and 43rd Street.	Prudence Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achanoor is a village in Tamil Nadu, India, and lies between Thiruvaiyaru and Kallanai (Grand Anaicut).	Achanoor	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh-ye Ashotori (Persian: گله اشتري‎, also Romanized as Galleh Āshotorī and Gallehshotori) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Galleh-ye Ashotori	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umtanum Ridge Water Gap is a geologic feature in central Washington state in the United States.	Umtanum Ridge Water Gap	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Fork Rogue River is a 25-mile (40 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon.	South Fork Rogue River	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pipe Spring National Monument is a United States National Monument located in the U.S. state of Arizona, rich with American Indian, early explorer, and Mormon pioneer history.	Pipe Spring National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Bugaj (ˈnɔvɨ ˈbuɡai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Bugaj	Gmina Rudniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełm Górny (ˈxɛu̯m ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Hohenwartenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chełm Górny	Gmina Trzcińsko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shushan Bridge is a covered bridge over the Batten Kill in the hamlet of Shushan in Washington County, New York, near Vermont.	Shushan Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vedde is a village located in the Sorø Municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in east Denmark.	Vedde	Sorø Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cairo Ohio River Bridge is a cantilever bridge carrying U.S. Route 51, U.S. Route 60, and U.S. Route 62 across the Ohio River between and Wickliffe, Kentucky and Cairo, Illinois.	Cairo Ohio River Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groß-Umstadt is a town in the district of Darmstadt-Dieburg in the Bundesland (federal state) of Hesse in Germany.	Groß-Umstadt	Darmstadt-Dieburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarrabool Lake is located on the western fringe of the Barkly Tableland in northeastern Northern Territory, Australia.	Tarrabool Lake	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macquarie Pass National Park is a national park in New South Wales, Australia, 90 km southwest of Sydney.	Macquarie Pass National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passy Cemetery (French: Cimetière de Passy) is a cemetery in Passy, in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Passy Cemetery	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tipperary Hill, also known as Tipp Hill, is a district in the city of Syracuse, New York, largely settled by immigrants from Ireland, especially from County Tipperary.	Tipperary Hill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snowshoe Mountain is a ski resort in the eastern United States, located in Snowshoe, West Virginia.	Snowshoe Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahgodar-e Mohammad (Persian: شاه گدارمحمد‎, also Romanized as Shāhgodār-e Moḩammad; also known as Banāvech and Shāh Gozār) is a village in Zamkan Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahgodar-e Mohammad	Zamkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peat Island is a small island of approximately eight hectares in the Hawkesbury River, just north of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Peat Island	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lüsen (Italian: Luson) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of the city of Bolzano.	Lüsen	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh-ye Barq-e Qadim (Persian: خانه برق قديم‎, also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Barq-e Qadīm) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khaneh-ye Barq-e Qadim	Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cima Rossa is a 3,161 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden.	Cima Rossa	Ticino	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillsboro State Bank Building (now known as the Office of Trinkle, Redman, Swanson, Coton, Davis, & Smith P.A.) is a historic bank in Plant City, Florida, United States.	Hillsboro State Bank Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Eldred Farm is an historic farm complex at 368 Old North Road in South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Henry Eldred Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaos Crags is the youngest group of lava domes in Lassen Volcanic National Park, California, having been formed as five dacite domes 1,100-1,000 years ago.	Chaos Crags	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beltone Studios was a recording studio at 1650 Broadway, Manhattan, New York City.	Beltone Studios	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshiva Bais Moshe (also referred to as Yeshivath Beit Moshe, Yeshiva Beth Moshe, Scranton Yeshiva, or Milton Eisner Yeshiva High School), is an Orthodox Jewish Seminary located in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	Bais Moshe	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Transmission site Landespolizeidirektion Karlsruhe is a site with short wave aerial and an 81 metre tall telecommunication tower at 48°39′51``N 8°47′42''E on Lerchenberg near Wildberg, 20 kilometre westwards of Stuttgart.	Transmission site Landespolizeidirektion Karlsruhe	Wildberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Air Force Abingdon or more simply RAF Abingdon was a Royal Air Force station near Abingdon, Oxfordshire.	RAF Abingdon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton-on-the-Hill (also called Thornton Hill) is a small dispersed village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, about two miles to the north of Easingwold.	Thornton-on-the-Hill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipping Norton is a market town and civil parish in the Cotswold Hills in the West Oxfordshire district of Oxfordshire, England, about 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Banbury and 18 miles (29 km) northwest of Oxford.	Chipping Norton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kichmengsky Gorodok (Russian: Кичменгский Городок) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Yug River, at its confluence with the Kichmenga River.	Kichmengsky Gorodok	Gorodetsky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dirleton Kirk is situated to the north of the village green in Dirleton, in East Lothian, Scotland.	Dirleton Kirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Kherabeh (Persian: حسن ابادخرابه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Kherābeh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Kherabeh	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balut Beyg (Persian: بلوطبيگ‎, also Romanized as Balūt Beyg and Balūţ Beyk; also known as Robāţ Beyk and Baluibak) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Balut Beyg	Darreh Seydi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University at Buffalo Libraries is the university library system of the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York.	University at Buffalo Libraries	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alan C. Pope High School is a public high school located north of Atlanta in East Cobb, Georgia, within unincorporated Cobb County.	Alan C. Pope High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stadtpark und Botanischer Garten Gütersloh (15.5 hectares) is a municipal park with botanical garden (3 hectares) located at Parkstraße 51, Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Stadtpark und Botanischer Garten Gütersloh	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markazi Province (Persian: استان مرکزی‎‎, Ostān-e Markazi ), the medieval Iraq-i Ajam, more recently Arak--is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Markazi Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tohman-e Ladi (Persian: تحما ن لدي‎, also Romanized as Toḩmān-e Ladī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tohman-e Ladi	Dalgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheney Reservoir is a reservoir on the North Fork Ninnescah River in Reno, Kingman, and Sedgwick counties of Kansas in the United States.	Cheney Reservoir	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Palladium is a 2,286-seat Grade II West End theatre located on Argyll Street in the City of Westminster.	London Palladium	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahrarud Rural District (Persian: دهستان صحرارود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sahrarud Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelugo (German: Paluch) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Trento.	Pelugo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vahman (Persian: وهمان‎, also Romanized as Vahmān; also known as Vahān) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Vahman	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witułty (viˈtuu̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Witułty	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pere de Galligants is Benedictine abbey in Girona, Catalonia.	Sant Pere de Galligants	Girona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The French Southern and Antarctic Lands (French: Terres australes et antarctiques françaises, TAAF), in full the Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands (French: Territoire des Terres australes et antarctiques françaises) is an overseas territory (French: Territoire d'outre-mer or TOM) of France.	French Southern and Antarctic Lands	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick Douglass Square Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Hammond Street, Cabot Street, Windsor Street, and Westminster Street, in the Lower Roxbury area of Boston, Massachusetts.	Frederick Douglass Square Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFHW-LP is a radio station at 101.1 FM in Billings, Montana.	KFHW-LP	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hawthorne USO Building, at 950 E St. in Hawthorne, Nevada, was built in 1941 as a World War II United Services Organization (USO) social hall.	Hawthorne USO Building	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mushakiyeh (Persian: موشكيه‎, also Romanized as Mūshakīyeh, Mūsākheh, and Mūshkīyeh) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Mushakiyeh	Qahan Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkcaldy (i/kərˈkɔːdi/; Scottish Gaelic: Cair Chaladain) is a town and former royal burgh in Fife, on the east coast of Scotland.	Kirkcaldy	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glorat House is a 19th-century mansion house in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Glorat House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Eduardo Santos is a multi-use stadium in Santa Marta, Colombia, used mostly for football matches.	Estadio Eduardo Santos	Santa Marta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodside Priory School, commonly known as The Priory, is an independent, coeducational, Benedictine Catholic, college preparatory, day and boarding school located in Portola Valley, California in the United States.	Woodside Priory School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorestown Friends School and Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker school and meeting house on Main Street at Chester Avenue in Moorestown Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Moorestown Friends School and Meetinghouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gishan-e Gharbi (Persian: گيشان غربي‎, also Romanized as Gīshān-e Gharbī; also known as Gīshān) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gishan-e Gharbi	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frinco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Turin and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Asti.	Frinco	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nickel Belt is one of two federal electoral districts serving the city of Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Nickel Belt	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolim (Persian: كليم‎, also Romanized as Kolīm; also known as Kūlīm) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kolim	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahdasht (Persian: ماهدشت‎, also Romanized as Māhdāsht; also known as Mardabad (Persian: مَرد آباد), also Romanized as Mardābād) is a city in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Mahdasht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queenscliff Music Festival is a live music festival held in the town of Queenscliff, located on the Bellarine Peninsula, Victoria, Australia.	Queenscliff Music Festival	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadi La Feixa Llarga is the home stadium of Segunda División B football club L'Hospitalet and is located in the Feixa Llarga district of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, Catalonia, Spain.	Estadi La Feixa Llarga	L'Hospitalet de Llobregat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City Center Building, known briefly as Centennial Tower, is clearly visible as the tallest building in Hayward, California.	City Center Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Dulwich railway station is in the London Borough of Southwark in East Dulwich, south London.	East Dulwich railway station	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnegie Hill is a neighborhood within the Upper East Side, in the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Carnegie Hill	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lillooet Museum in Lillooet, British Columbia, Canada is located on that town's Main Street, across from the ``Mile '0''' cairn marking the beginning point of the Old Cariboo Road to Alexandria in the Cariboo region.	Lillooet Museum	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moseley Wrought Iron Arch Bridge, also known as the Upper Pacific Mills Bridge, is a historic, riveted, wrought iron bridge now located in North Andover, Massachusetts.	Moseley Wrought Iron Arch Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karwacja (karˈvat͡sja) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karwacja	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tidriku (also known as Tiidriki and Tiidrigi) is an uninhabited village in Vihula Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northern Estonia.	Tidriku	Vihula Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uricani (Romanian pronunciation: (uriˈkanʲ); Hungarian: Urikány) is a town in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County, in southern Transylvania, Romania.	Uricani	Hunedoara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taghmar (Persian: تغمر‎; also known as Taqmar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Taghmar	Kharturan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Longfellow House in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, is a 2/3 scale replica of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's home in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Longfellow House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wałcz County (Polish: powiat wałecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland.	Wałcz County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Siyeh, with a height of 10,014 feet (3,052 m), is the fifth tallest and one of six peaks over 10,000 feet (3,048 m) in Glacier National Park, Montana, United States.	Mount Siyeh	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haliburton House Museum is part of the Nova Scotia Museum system and is located in Windsor, Nova Scotia.	Haliburton House Museum	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sông Cầu is a town (thị xã) of Phú Yên Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.	Sông Cầu	Phú Yên
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Park Corner is a hamlet in the parish of Fingringhoe, in the Colchester District, in the county of Essex, England.	High Park Corner	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleb Beygi (Persian: طالببيگي‎, also Romanized as Ţāleb Beygī, Taleb Baigi, and Ţāleb Bīgī, Tāleb-e Beygī, and Ţāleb-e Bīgī; also known as Ţāleb-e Bagi) is a village in Shurjeh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Taleb Beygi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoher Seeblaskogel is a mountain, 3,235 m above sea level (AA), in the western part of the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Hoher Seeblaskogel	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradfield Combust is a village in Suffolk, England, located on the A134 between Windsor Green and Great Whelnetham.	Bradfield Combust	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karatal District (Kazakh: Қаратал ауданы) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan.	Karatal District	Almaty Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ojibway Club is an island community centre located in Pointe au Baril, Ontario, Canada.	Ojibway Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberal Mid-America Regional Airport (IATA: LBL, ICAO: KLBL, FAA LID: LBL) is two miles west of Liberal, in Seward County, Kansas.	Liberal Mid-America Regional Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indiana Regional Medical Center is a not-for-profit hospital located in Indiana, Pennsylvania that was founded in 1914.	Indiana Regional Medical Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sośniczka (sɔɕˈnit͡ʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sośniczka	Gmina Dobrzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grovely castle is the site of an Iron Age univallate hill fort in the Parish of Steeple Langford, in Wiltshire.	Grovely castle	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luseland, Saskatchewan is a small town in Rural Municipality Progress No. 351, Saskatchewan in the west central region of the province.	Luseland	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slade Green railway station is in the London Borough of Bexley, southeast London, on the North Kent Line.	Slade Green railway station	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Landstede Sportcentrum is a complex located in Zwolle, Netherlands, which is used as a sports arena and was opened in 2010.	Landstede Sportcentrum	Zwolle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Papaverhof is a housing complex in The Hague designed by Jan Wils which was built from 1919 to 1921.	Papaverhof	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tretki (ˈtrɛtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tretki	Gmina Żychlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Chester Hunt Office is an historic building on Windham Center Road in the village of Windham Center in Windham, Connecticut.	Dr. Chester Hunt Office	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newton Street Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Newton Street over the Charles River in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Newton Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Museum of the Miniature Arts was a non-profit museum in Dallas, Texas (USA) that focused on miniature art. Most of the museum's collection is currently on display in the Sharp Gallery at the Hall of State at Fair Park.	The American Museum of the Miniature Arts	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hgnettada is a villageold name : fazara in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.	Hgnettada	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forbidden Gardens (simplified Chinese: 紫禁花园; traditional Chinese: 紫禁花園 ) was an outdoor museum of Chinese culture and history located on Texas Highway 99 and Franz Road in northern Katy, Greater Houston, Texas, USA.	Forbidden Gardens	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashin-e Sofla (Persian: اشين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āshīn-e Soflá; also known as Āshīn, Āshīn-e Pā’īn, and Āshīn Pā’īn) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ashin-e Sofla	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabuz (Persian: جابوز‎, also Romanized as Jābūz; also known as Khābūz and Jābūs) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District, Sheshtaraz District, Khalilabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jabuz	Sheshtaraz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterston-super-Ely (Welsh: Llanbedr-y-fro) is a village in the Welsh county borough of the Vale of Glamorgan on th River Ely.The community population taken at the 2011 census was 874.	Peterston-super-Ely	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Chenashk (Persian: ده چناشك‎, also Romanized as Deh Chenāshk; also known as Chenāshak) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Deh Chenashk	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardenview Horticultural Park (16 acres) is a nonprofit botanical garden and arboretum located at 16711 Pearl Road, Strongsville, Ohio.	Gardenview Horticultural Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acton School of Business is a MBA program in entrepreneurship in Austin, Texas.	Acton School of Business	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eynesbury Senior College is a private co-educational high school on Franklin Street in the city centre of Adelaide, the capital of South Australia.	Eynesbury Senior College	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tampa Catholic High School is a diocesan, Catholic, coeducational high school located in Tampa, Florida, USA, founded in 1962.	Tampa Catholic High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ljusdal Municipality (Ljusdals kommun) is one of Sweden's 290 municipalities within Gävleborg County.	Ljusdal Municipality	Gävleborg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvosh (Persian: خوش‎, also Romanized as Khowsh and Khush; also known as Khosh) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khvosh	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavari (Persian: باوري‎, also Romanized as Bāvarī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bavari	Kabgian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Poruch (Persian: تازه كندپروچ‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Porūch; also kown as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Poruch	Kandovan Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Długobór-Osada (dwuˈɡɔbur ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Długobór-Osada	Gmina Płoskinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramtek (Marathi: रामटेक) is a City and municipal council in Nagpur district of the Maharashtra, India.	Ramtek	Nagpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzaali Khan (Persian: ميرزاعلي خان‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā``alī Khān; also known as Mīrzā``alī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 417, in 65 families.	Mirzaali Khan	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gardens of the American Rose Center (118 acres) are botanical gardens located in Shreveport, Louisiana and dedicated to varieties of the rose.	The Gardens of the American Rose Center	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrowhead Mountain is a mountain located on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada and is located east northeast of Mount Oxford.	Arrowhead Mountain	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Sheen Cemetery, originally known as Barnes Cemetery, is a cemetery on Sheen Road in East Sheen in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, England.	East Sheen Cemetery	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp W. G. Williams, commonly known as Camp Williams, also known as Army Garrison Camp Williams, is a National Guard training site operated by the Utah National Guard.	Camp Williams	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dewaitha is a village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Ghazipur district, Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Dewaitha	Ghazipur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caussols is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France, It is known for the CERGA Observatory on the Calern plateau.	Caussols	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taihe District (simplified Chinese: 太和区; traditional Chinese: 太和區; pinyin: Tàihé Qū) is a district of the city of Jinzhou, Liaoning, People's Republic of China.	Taihe District	Jinzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry is a 61,000 acres (247 km2) area of private land that is managed by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources for hiking and backpacking by the public.	Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkhne (Ukrainian: Ве́рхнє, before 1946 Ботелка Вижня, Polish: Butelka Wyżna) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Verkhne	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Hamadryad Hospital was a seamen's hospital and later a psychiatric hospital in the docklands area of Cardiff, Wales.	Royal Hamadryad Hospital	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fourth of July Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.	Fourth of July Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	2NM (branded as 981 2NM) is a local radio station in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales, Australia.	2NM	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warder Public Library is a historically significant building in Springfield, Ohio, United States.	Warder Public Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arendt Jensen Jr. House, at 1243 A and 1243 B Eddie St. in Gardnerville, Nevada, is a historic Bungalow/craftsman-style house that was built in 1932.	Arendt Jensen Jr. House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea is the northernmost, smallest, and arguably the most remote of the three districts of the province.	North Fly District	Western Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glikson crater is an impact structure (or astrobleme), the eroded remnant of a former impact crater, situated in the Little Sandy Desert of central Western Australia.	Glikson crater	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pig Beach (also known as Pig Island, Major Cay, and officially Big Major Cay) is an uninhabited island (or cay) located in Exuma, the Bahamas, and known for being populated by many swimming feral pigs.	Pig Beach	Exuma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karpino Monastery (Macedonian: Карпински манастир) is an important Macedonian Orthodox monastery situated in the northeastern part of the Republic of Macedonia, near the city of Kumanovo (near village Suvi Orah).	Karpino Monastery	Orah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Alamos High School (LAHS) is the public high school in Los Alamos, New Mexico, USA.	Los Alamos High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chorlton High School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester, England.	Chorlton High School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkowice (vatkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Wadkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Watkowice	Gmina Ryjewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lepsi (Kazakh: Лепсі) is a village in Sarkand District, Almaty Region, in southeastern Kazakhstan.	Lepsi	Sarkand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairfield Junior-Senior High School is public secondary school located in Goshen, Indiana.	Fairfield Junior-Senior High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whyteleafe is a village in the district of Tandridge, Surrey, England, with a few streets falling inside the London Borough of Croydon.	Whyteleafe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Langdon in Mound, Minnesota, has an area of 144 acres (0.6 km2).	Lake Langdon	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Grove-Freedman's Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at the corner of Liberty Street and North Church Street in downtown Salisbury, North Carolina.	Oak Grove-Freedman's Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easter Howgate is a settlement in Midlothian, Scotland, UK, on the A702, two miles north of Penicuik.	Easter Howgate	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubodzież (luˈbɔd͡ʑeʂ) (German: Lubsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubodzież	Gmina Lniano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faaa (also Fa'a'ā) is a commune in the suburbs of Papeete in French Polynesia, an overseas country of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Faaa	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godall is a municipality in the Montsià comarca, Tarragona Province, Catalonia, Spain.	Godall	Montsià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culver City High School is the main public high school of the Culver City Unified School District (CCUSD) in Culver City, California.	Culver City High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgevalley is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16.	Ridgevalley	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tauroszyszki (tau̯rɔˈʂɨʂki), (Lithuanian: Taurusiškė), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Tauroszyszki	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williston Lake is a reservoir created by the W. A. C. Bennett Dam and is located in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Williston Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chitterne is a village and civil parish in the County of Wiltshire, in the south west of England.	Chitterne	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Sib (Persian: دره سيب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sīb) is a village in Ashayer Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Darreh Sib	Ashayer Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millard South High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Omaha, Nebraska.	Millard South High School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowa (pjɔˈtrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piotrowa	Opole County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larry Mahaney Diamond is a baseball stadium in Orono, Maine, located on the campus of the University of Maine.	Mahaney Diamond	University of Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rue de la Commune is a road in Old Montreal which is well used both by Montrealers and by tourists, since it is the home of the Pointe-à-Callière Museum and the Old Port of Montreal.	Rue de la Commune	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria di Castello is a church and religious complex in Genoa, Italy.	Santa Maria di Castello	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benesat (Hungarian: Benedekfalva) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Romania.	Benesat	Sălaj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cité des Fleurs is a pedestrian street in the épinettes district in the 17th arrondissement of Paris.	Cité des Fleurs	17th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vila do Corvo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈkoɾvu)) is the smallest municipality in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores, constituting the island of Corvo in its entirety.	Vila do Corvo	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hungarian State Opera House (Hungarian: Magyar Állami Operaház) is a neo-Renaissance opera house located in central Budapest, on Andrássy út.	Hungarian State Opera House	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mavčiče (pronounced (ˈmaːu̯tʃitʃɛ); German: Mautschitsch) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mavčiče	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kord Qeshlaq (Persian: كردقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Kord Qeshlāq; also known as Gord Qeshlāq, Kord Qeshlāqī, and Kurd-Kishlak) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kord Qeshlaq	Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eisenhower Public Library District is a public library located in Harwood Heights, Illinois, one of two suburbs completely surrounded by but not incorporated into Chicago.	Eisenhower Public Library District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rure Ke Kalan or Rureke Kalan, is a small village with a population of about 5000 people located in Punjab, India.	Rure Ke Kalan	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa School of Art is an art school in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa School of Art	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Gudarzi (Persian: دره گودرزي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gūdarzī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Gudarzi	Kabgian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Falls High School is a public secondary school in Twin Falls, Idaho, one of two traditional high schools operated by the Twin Falls School District.	Twin Falls High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salhouse is a village and civil parish in the Broads in the English county of Norfolk.	Salhouse	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pai Tau Village (traditional Chinese: 排頭村; simplified Chinese: 排头村) is a village located in Sha Tin, Hong Kong.	Pai Tau Village	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Land and Cattle Company Headquarters, in Chugwater, Wyoming, was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.	Swan Land and Cattle Company Headquarters	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darling Downs Correctional Centre was an Australian prison facility in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.	Darling Downs Correctional Centre	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Barrow is a village and civil parish 8 miles (13 km) to the north-east of Ilchester in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England.	North Barrow	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sfruz (German: Sfrutz) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, with some 230 inhabitants in 2009 and an area of 11.7 square kilometres (4.5 sq mi).	Sfruz	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirzar-e Olya (Persian: سيرزارعليا‎, also Romanized as Sīrzār-e ``Olyā) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Sirzar-e Olya	Torqabeh Rural District	Torqabeh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhongmu County (Chinese: 中牟; pinyin: Zhōngmù; postal: Chungmow) is a county in Zhengzhou, Henan Province, People's Republic of China.	Zhongmu County	Zhengzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Mniów is a rural gmina - administrative district - in Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, located in south-central Poland.	Gmina Mniów	Kielce County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Maumee Bay Archeological District is a historic district located in the southeasternmost corner of Erie Township in Monroe County, Michigan.	North Maumee Bay Archeological District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Place, also known as Trinway Mansion and Prospect Place Mansion, is a 29-room mansion built by abolitionist George Willison Adams (G. W. Adams) in Trinway, Ohio, just north of Dresden in 1856.	Prospect Place	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forest City Velodrome is an indoor cycling facility in London, Ontario, Canada.	Forest City Velodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wisconsin Workers Memorial is a public artwork by American artists Terese Agnew and Mary Zebell located in Zeidler Park, which is in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Wisconsin Workers Memorial	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallula Gap is a large water gap of the Columbia River through basalt anticlines in the Columbia River Basin in the U.S. state of Washington, just south of the confluence of the Walla Walla and Columbia rivers.	Wallula Gap	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Route 50 (US 50) is a major east--west route of the U.S. Highway system, stretching just over 3,000 miles (4,800 km) from Ocean City, Maryland on the Atlantic Ocean to West Sacramento, California.	U.S. Route 50	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coca-Cola Olympic City was an 8-acre (32,000 m2) plaza in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, adjacent to the city's Centennial Olympic Park.	Coca-Cola Olympic City	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacze Bagno (ˈkat͡ʂɛ ˈbaɡnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kacze Bagno	Gmina Kurzętnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarnowiec (sarˈnɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sarnowiec	Gmina Korczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehsana district (Gujarati: મહેસાણા જિલ્લો) (alternate spelling ``Mahesana'') is one of the 33 districts of Gujarat state in western India.	Mehsana district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cole-Hasbrouck Farm Historic District is a historic district located along NY 32 north of the junction with US 44 and NY 55 at Modena, New York, USA.	Cole-Hasbrouck Farm Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Tappeh (Persian: خان تپه‎, also Romanized as Khān Tappeh) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khan Tappeh	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church or Monastery of São Vicente de Fora; meaning ``Monastery of St. Vincent Outside the Walls'' is a 17th-century church and monastery in the city of Lisbon, Portugal.	Monastery of São Vicente de Fora	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaaterskill High Peak (officially just High Peak) is one of the Catskill Mountains, located in the Town of Hunter in Greene County, New York, USA.	Kaaterskill High Peak	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is situated in the comarca of Baix Vinalopó, and lies at the foot of the hill range known locally as Serra de Crevillent.	Crevillent	Baix Vinalopó
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczodrów (ˈʂt͡ʂɔdruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szczodrów	Gmina Syców
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hylton Castle (/ˈhɪltən/ HIL-tən) is a ruined stone castle in the North Hylton area of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.	Hylton Castle	Sunderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terkheda is a panchayat village in Vashi taluk of Osmanabad district in India.	Terkheda	Osmanabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thampan is the name of Kshatriya clan from the state of Kerala in India.	Thampan	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Misquah Hills are a range of mountains in northeastern Minnesota, in the United States.	Misquah Hills	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dopiewiec (dɔˈpjɛvjɛt͡s) (German: Wanenhain) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dopiewiec	Gmina Dopiewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bariki-ye Hasan Qoli (Persian: باريكي حسنقلي‎, also Romanized as Bārīḵī-ye Ḩasan Qolī) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bariki-ye Hasan Qoli	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baume Abbey, in its village of Baume-les-Messieurs, Jura, France, was founded as a Benedictine abbey not far from the still-travelled Roman road linking Besançon and Lyon.	Baume Abbey	Baume-les-Messieurs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeghun (Persian: بردغون‎, also Romanized as Bardeghūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bardeghun	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postołów (pɔˈstɔwuf) (Ukrainian: Постолів, Postoliv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Postołów	Gmina Lesko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bog River, also called the Bog River Flow is a 18-mile (29 km) river that originates near the sources of the Oswegatchie River, in Hamilton County, New York in the Adirondacks, and flows through Lows Lake and Hitchens Pond, ending at the Bog River Falls at the entrance to Tupper Lake.	Bog River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cimarron National Grassland is a National Grassland located in Morton County, Kansas, United States, with a very small part extending eastward into Stevens County.	Cimarron National Grassland	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Kul (Persian: قره كول‎, also Romanized as Qarah Kūl, Qareh Kowl, and Qareh Kūl; also known as Karakol, Qarakol, and Qareh Kol) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qarah Kul	Qanibeyglu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obrów (ˈɔbruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Obrów	Gmina Kiełczygłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttle Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District, British Columbia, Canada.	Buttle Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge in Gibson Borough in South Gibson, Pennsylvania is a stone arch bridge that crosses over Bell Creek, north of its confluence with Tunkhannock Creek.	Bridge in Gibson Borough	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Par Sardar-e Bard Koshki (Persian: پشت پرسرداربردكشكي‎, also Romanized as Posht Par Sardār-e Bard Koshkī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Posht Par Sardar-e Bard Koshki	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatuar is a village under Manigachi block in Darbhanga District of Bihar.	Tatuar	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsley Plantation (also known as the Zephaniah Kingsley Plantation Home and Buildings) is the site of a former estate in Jacksonville, Florida, that was named for an early owner, Zephaniah Kingsley, who spent 25 years there.	Kingsley Plantation	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Bit-e Pain (Persian: گرم بيت پائين‎, also Romanized as Garm Bīt-e Pāīn) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Garm Bit-e Pain	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall River Government Center (also known as ``city hall'') is the location of the municipal government offices in the city of Fall River, Massachusetts, United States.	Fall River Government Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurmish-e Olya (Persian: كورميش عليا‎, also Romanized as Kūrmīsh-e ``Olyā) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Kurmish-e Olya	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Czerwińska (ˈvulka t͡ʂɛrˈviɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Czerwińska	Gmina Czerwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	18th Separate Company Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.	18th Separate Company Armory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahekou Township (simplified Chinese: 马合口白族乡; traditional Chinese: 馬合口白族鄉; pinyin: Mahekou Xiang) is an rural township in Sangzhi County, Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, China.	Mahekou	Sangzhi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enid Lake is a lake that is located mostly in Yalobusha County in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	Enid Lake	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenwood Park is a mixed-use neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta, Georgia, United States, located just west of North Ormewood Park.	Glenwood Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra Sky Park Airport (FAA LID: E79, formerly Q60) is a privately owned, public-use airport located seven miles (11 km) northwest of the central business district of Fresno, a city in Fresno County, California, United States.	Sierra Sky Park Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagara is a historic village in the Shimoga district of the state of Karnataka, India.	Nagara	Shimoga	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darmahi (Persian: دارماهي‎, also Romanized as Dārmāhī; also known as Dārmū``ī) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 302, in 72 families.	Darmahi	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redwood Empire Ice Arena (commonly known as Snoopy's Home Ice) is a popular northern California indoor ice rink located in Santa Rosa, California, United States.	Redwood Empire Ice Arena	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhi Kheyl (Persian: كوهي خيل‎, also Romanized as Kūhī Kheyl and Kūhīkheyl) is a city in and the capital of Gil Khuran District, in Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuhi Kheyl	Gil Khuran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavagnes International College is a Catholic school for boys in Chavagnes-en-Paillers, France.	Chavagnes International College	Chavagnes-en-Paillers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flagstaff House, built in 1846, is the oldest example of Western-style architecture remaining in Hong Kong.	Flagstaff House	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunarkaig (Scottish Gaelic: Bun Airceig) is a village on the north west shore of Loch Lochy in Lochaber, Inverness-shire, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland.	Bunarkaig	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattle Downs is a suburb of the former Manukau City, Auckland, in northern New Zealand.	Wattle Downs	Manukau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sotkamo is a municipality of Finland, located in the Kainuu region.	Sotkamo	Kainuu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on the Inner Harbor of Baltimore, Maryland, the Baltimore World Trade Center is the world's tallest regular pentagonal building (the pentagonal JPMorgan Chase Tower in Houston is taller, but is not regular).	Baltimore World Trade Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaharbagh District (Persian: بخش چهارباغ‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Chaharbagh District	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marian Fell Library is an historic library in Fellsmere, Florida.	Marian Fell Library	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelonko (jɛˈlɔnkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jelonko	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holzwickede (German pronunciation: (hɔltsˈvɪkədə)) is a municipality in the district of Unna in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Holzwickede	Unna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Simon Bruté College Seminary is a Roman Catholic college seminary located in Indianapolis, Indiana within the Archdiocese of Indianapolis.	Bishop Simon Bruté College Seminary	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puławy County (Polish: powiat puławski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Puławy County	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Hattiesburg High School, located at 846 North Main Street, in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, was utilized as a public school building from around 1911 to 1959.	Old Hattiesburg High School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abarsij (Persian: ابرسيج‎, also Romanized as Abarsīj; also known as Abarsaj, Abarsej, and Abrsaj) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Abarsij	Kharqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vikla (Greek: Βίκλα) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 4 km northeast of Kellaki.	Vikla	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anandpur Sahib is a city in Rupnagar district (Ropar) in the state of Punjab, India.	Anandpur Sahib	Rupnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gornji Matejevac is a village situated in Pantelej municipality in the city of Niš, Serbia.	Gornji Matejevac	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzępiń (ˈstʂɛmpiɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strzępiń	Gmina Granowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuytsland Nature Reserve is a protected area of Western Australia in the far south-eastern part of the state.	Nuytsland Nature Reserve	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Bell Mountains are an arid north-northwest x southeast trending small mountain range in north-central Pima County, Arizona.	Silver Bell Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stpice (ˈstpit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stpice	Gmina Świercze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Qorban Sheykh (Persian: مزرعه قربان شيخ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Qorbān Sheykh) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 18 families.	Mazraeh-ye Qorban Sheykh	Kongor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peitav Synagogue or Peitav-Shul (Latvian: Peitavas ileas sinagoga; Yiddish: פאייטאוו שול‎) is the only synagogue in Riga to have survived the Holocaust and to be currently active.	Peitav Synagogue	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridderkerkse Voetbal Vereniging Hercules, known as RVVH is a Dutch football, based in Ridderkerk.	RVVH	Ridderkerk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medicine Range is a group of hills and low mountains in southern Elko County, in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States.	Medicine Range	Elko County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostuh (Persian: استوه‎, also Romanized as Ostūh, Estooh, and Estūh; also known as Ustāf) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Ostuh	Sang Sefid Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesa-ye Sofla (Persian: نساسفلي‎, also Romanized as Nesā''-ye Soflá; also known as Nesā’ī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Nesa-ye Sofla	Pain Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parramatta (/ˌpærəˈmætə/) is a suburb and major business district in the metropolitan area of Sydney, Australia.	Parramatta	Sydney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olomouc Region (Czech: Olomoucký kraj) is an administrative unit (Czech: kraj) of the Czech Republic, located in the north-western and central part of its historical region of Moravia (Morava) and in a small part of the historical region of Czech Silesia (České Slezsko).	Olomouc Region	Czech Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Intervale Meeting House and Common (Center Meeting House) is a historic church at 757 Intervale Road in Bethel, Maine.	Middle Intervale Meeting House and Common	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paisley Caves complex is a system of four caves in an arid, desolate region of south-central Oregon, United States.	Paisley Caves	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raheb Rural District (Persian: دهستان راهب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Raheb Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houghton Mansion is the former home of Albert Charles Houghton and his family in North Adams, Massachusetts.	Houghton Mansion	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtele (vɔi̯ˈtɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wojtele	Gmina Prostki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph J. Fredella House and Garage is a historic home and garage located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.	Joseph J. Fredella House and Garage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Lar (Persian: بن لار‎, also Romanized as Bon Lār; also known as Boneh-ye Lār, Būnelār, Būnhalār, Būnlār, and Būnneh Lār) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bon Lar	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McMahan Mound Site (40SV1), also known as McMahan Indian Mound, is an archaeological site located in Sevierville, Tennessee just above the confluence of the West Fork and the Little Pigeon Rivers in Sevier County.	McMahan Mound Site	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Independence Park Botanic Gardens are botanical gardens located in Independence Park at 7950 Independence Boulevard, Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Independence Park Botanic Gardens	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gardiner Public Library is the public library of Gardiner, Maine and the surrounding communities of Litchfield, Randolph, Pittston and West Gardiner.	Gardiner Public Library	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Ferdowsi (Persian: محمدابادفردوسي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Ferdowsī; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Ferdowsi	Dashtab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azor (Hebrew: אָזוֹר) (also Azur) is a small town (local council) in the Tel Aviv District of Israel, on the old Jaffa-Jerusalem road southeast of Tel Aviv.	Azor	Tel Aviv District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandysul is a small town and community in the county of Ceredigion, Wales.	Llandysul	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zilupe Municipality (Latvian: Zilupes novads) is a municipality in the historical region of Latgale, and the Latgale Planning Region in Latvia.	Zilupe Municipality	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gervais High School (formerly Gervais Union High School) is a public high school in Gervais, Oregon, United States.	Gervais High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong is an historic district that includes portions of what is now the town of Columbus, New Mexico, Pancho Villa State Park, and an airfield, all in Columbus, New Mexico.	Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darin Su (Persian: درين سو‎, also Romanized as Darīn Sū) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darin Su	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château de l'Herm is a castle in the commune of Rouffignac-Saint-Cernin-de-Reilhac in the départment of Dordogne in the Aquitane region of France.	Château de l'Herm	Rouffignac-Saint-Cernin-de-Reilhac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Bozorg (Persian: بابابزرگ‎, also Romanized as Bābā Bozorg and Bāba Buzurg; also known as Emāmzādeh Ebrāhīm and Emāmzādeh-ye Shāhzādeh Ebrāhīm) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Bozorg	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Tayur-e Seh (Persian: ابوطيورسه‎, also Romanized as Abū Ţayūr-e Seh) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Tayur-e Seh	Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urban Grace Church, formerly First Baptist Church, was built in a Gothic Revival style in 1924 by Heath, Gove and Bell (see Frederick Heath) in Tacoma, Washington.	Urban Grace Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelaide Oval is a stadium in Adelaide, South Australia, located in the parklands between the city centre and North Adelaide.	Adelaide Oval	North Adelaide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympia Regional Airport (IATA: OLM, ICAO: KOLM, FAA LID: OLM) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) south of the central business district of Olympia, a city in Thurston County and the capital of the U.S. state of Washington.	Olympia Regional Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Risti Parish (Estonian: Risti vald) was a rural municipality in Lääne County, Estonia, that existed from 1992 to 2013.	Risti Parish	Lääne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limburg (Lahn) station is a station of the city of Limburg an der Lahn in the German state of Hesse.	Limburg (Lahn) station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Opa-locka Bank (also known as the First Baptist Church) is a historic bank in Opa-locka, Florida.	Opa-locka Bank	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Issaquah High School is a four-year public secondary school in Issaquah, Washington, a suburb east of Seattle.	Issaquah High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Hill High School is a four-year public high school in Cumberland, Maryland, United States, with about 900 students in grades 9 through 12.	Fort Hill High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almondsbury is a large village near junction 16 of the M5 motorway, in South Gloucestershire, England, and a civil parish which also includes the villages of Hortham, Gaunt's Earthcott, Over, Easter Compton, Compton Greenfield, and Hallen..	Almondsbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simlak (Gujarati સીમલક ; Hindi सीमलक ) is a village in Navsari district, Gujarat, India.	Simlak	Navsari district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Devils Playground is a large sandy region in the Mojave Desert in the state of California in the United States.	Devils Playground	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building is an historic 11-storey, 52.8 m (173 ft) high-rise in downtown Fresno, California.	San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalandar-e Laki (Persian: قلندرلكي‎, also Romanized as Qalandar-e Lakī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qalandar-e Laki	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kärntner Straße (English: Carinthian Street) is the most famous shopping street in central Vienna .	Kärntner Straße	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golßener Land is a former Amt (``municipal federation'') in the district of Dahme-Spreewald, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Golßener Land	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sprinkange (Luxembourgish: Sprénkeng, German: Sprinkingen) is a small town in the commune of Dippach, in south-western Luxembourg.	Sprinkange	Dippach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greer Spring is a first magnitude spring located in the southeast portion of the Ozark Plateau, in Oregon County in south-central Missouri within the boundaries of the Mark Twain National Forest.	Greer Spring	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boge Church (Swedish: Boge kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church not far from Slite on the Swedish island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby.	Boge Church	Gotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkamış, aka Kargamış, is a town and district of Gaziantep Province in southeastern Turkey, next to the site of ancient Karkemish.	Karkamış	Gaziantep Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siegerswoude (West Frisian: Sigerswâld) is a village consisting of about 875 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in eastern Friesland, the Netherlands.	Siegerswoude	Opsterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palgadh is a village in Dapoli taluka, Ratnagiri district, Maharashtra state, India, between Mandangadh and Khed, best known as the boyhood home of Pandurang Sadashiv Sane.	Palgadh	Ratnagiri district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niczonów (niˈt͡ʂɔnuf) (German: Nitznow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niczonów	Gmina Karnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudor City is an apartment complex located on the southern edge of Turtle Bay on the East Side of Manhattan in New York City, near Turtle Bay's border with Kips Bay.	Tudor City	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buono Beach is a small shorefront public park in the New York City borough of Staten Island, in the neighborhood of Rosebank, at the foot of Hylan Boulevard.	Buono Beach	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasrab (Persian: كسراب‎, also Romanized as Kasrāb) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kasrab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barre Falls Dam is located on the Ware River in Barre, Massachusetts, about 0.3 mile (0.48 km) below the junction of the river's east and west branches and 13 miles (21 km) northwest of Worcester, Massachusetts.	Barre Falls Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrza (ˈɔstʂa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostrza	Gmina Debrzno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khazineh (Persian: خزينه‎, also Romanized as Khazīneh; also known as Salāmāt and Salāmāt Khazīneh) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khazineh	Shahid Modarres Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylaneh (Persian: ليلانه‎, also Romanized as Leylāneh, Laylāneh, and Līlaneh) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Leylaneh	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSJC (810 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Magee, Mississippi.	WSJC	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahzadvand (Persian: كهزادوند‎, also Romanized as Kahzādvand) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kahzadvand	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grajewo County (Polish: powiat grajewski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland.	Grajewo County	Podlaskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrabad-e Tudehrud (Persian: مهرابادتوده رود‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Tūdehrūd and Mehrābād-e Tovahrūd) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Tudehrud	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mwadingusha is a community in the Kambove Territory of Haut Katanga District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mwadingusha	Haut Katanga District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdroiska (ˈzdrɔi̯ska) (German: Krummelsborn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Zdroiska	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carbon Glacier is located on the north slope of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington and is the source of the Carbon River.	Carbon Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astuvansalmi rock paintings (Finnish: Astuvansalmen kalliomaalaukset) are located in Ristiina, Mikkeli, Southern Savonia, Finland at the shores of the lake Yövesi, which is a part of the large lake Saimaa.	Astuvansalmi rock paintings	Ristiina	Mikkeli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nivar-e Sofla (Persian: نيوارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Nīvār-e Soflá; also known as Nevārdūmen and Nīvār-e Pā’īn Jāvīd) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nivar-e Sofla	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eugenia Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story apartment building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Eugenia Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mingus Mountain (Yavapai: Hwa:lkyañaña) is a mountain located in the U.S. state of Arizona in the Black Hills mountain range.	Mingus Mountain	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Bay Power Station is a heritage listed former coal-fired power station on a 38,000 m2 (410,000 sq ft) site in White Bay, in the suburb of Rozelle, 3 km (2 mi) from Sydney in New South Wales, Australia.	White Bay Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aultiphurst was settled as a clearance village mostly from the Naver Highland clearances.	Aultiphurst	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Immokolee (also known as the Dorothy Binney Palmer House) is a historic home in Fort Pierce, Florida.	Immokolee	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardtoe (Scottish Gaelic: Àird Tobha) is a place in Highland, Scotland.	Ardtoe	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khlebino (Russian: Хлебино) is a village (selo) in Tengushevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia.	Khlebino	Tengushevsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liupanshui (simplified Chinese: 六盘水; traditional Chinese: 六盤水; pinyin: Liùpánshuǐ) is a city in western Guizhou province, People's Republic of China.	Liupanshui	Guizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benxi (Chinese: 本溪; pinyin: Běnxī) is a prefecture-level city located in the east of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, south-southeast of Shenyang.	Benxi	Liaoning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberpframmern is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (administrative community) of Glonn.	Oberpframmern	Ebersberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Karsavan (Persian: تازه ابادكرسوان‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Karsavān; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Karsavan	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Middletown Post Office, in Middletown, Connecticut, also known as the U.S. Post Office, was built in 1916.	Old Middletown Post Office	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janczewko (janˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Janczewko	Gmina Jedwabne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorchester Shores Reservation is a Massachusetts state park consisting of three non-contiguous areas totaling 44 acres (18 ha) along the eastern edge of the Dorchester section of Boston.	Dorchester Shores Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beachampton is a village and civil parish beside the River Great Ouse in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire, England.	Beachampton	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobyłczyna (kɔbɨu̯ˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kobyłczyna	Gmina Laskowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton International Speedway, also known as Speedway Park, was a 251-acre (1.02 km2) multi-track auto racing facility located in the present Cumberland and Hudson neighbourhoods of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton International Speedway	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gates Mills Methodist Episcopal Church (also known as St. Christopher's-by-the-River) is a historic church on Old Mill Road off U.S. 322 in Gates Mills, Ohio.	Gates Mills Methodist Episcopal Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florence McClure Women's Correctional Center (FMWCC, originally the Southern Nevada Women's Correctional Facility) in North Las Vegas, Nevada.	Florence McClure Women's Correctional Center	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luzira lies in Nakawa Division, one of the five administrative divisions of Kampala.	Luzira	Nakawa Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dylaki (dɨˈlaki) (German Dylocken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dylaki	Gmina Ozimek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Fredis Saldívar, commonly known as Douradão, is a multi-use stadium in Dourados, Brazil.	Douradão	Dourados
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jujahi (Persian: جوجهي‎, also Romanized as Jūjahī) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jujahi	Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halasinakatte is a remote village located in Sirsi Taluk of Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka.	Halasinakatte	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarczew (ˈjart͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jarczew	Gmina Wola Mysłowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalekie-Tartak (daˈlɛkʲɛ ˈtartak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dalekie-Tartak	Gmina Brańszczyk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Civil War Museum of Philadelphia (formerly the Civil War and Underground Railroad Museum of Philadelphia and previously the Civil War Library and Museum) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, claims to be the oldest chartered American Civil War institution in the United States.	Civil War Museum of Philadelphia	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wasgau (German: Wasgau, French: Vasgovie) is a Franco-German hill range in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate and the French departments of Bas-Rhin and Moselle.	Wasgau	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klimczyce (klimˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Klimczyce	Gmina Sarnaki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ap Chau Mei Pak Tun Pai (Chinese: 鴨洲尾白墩排) is a small island in the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Ap Chau Mei Pak Tun Pai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parker Mill, also known as Parker Mill Park or Parker Mill Complex, is a mill located at 4650 Geddes Road, east of Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Parker Mill	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domaników (dɔmaˈnikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Domaników	Gmina Chodów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hover Church (Hover kirke) is located approximately 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the village of Hover in Ringkøbing-Skjern Municipality, Denmark.	Hover Church	Ringkøbing-Skjern Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ślazewo (ɕlaˈzɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ślazewo	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argonne National Laboratory is a science and engineering research national laboratory operated by UChicago Argonne LLC for the United States Department of Energy located near Lemont, Illinois, outside Chicago.	Argonne National Laboratory	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Bisheh Sar (Persian: پائين بيشه سر‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Bīsheh Sar; also known as Bīsheh Sar Pā’īn) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Bisheh Sar	Feyziyeh Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarlab (Persian: طرلاب‎, also Romanized as Ţarlāb; also known as Ţollāb, Shūrāb Tarlāb, and Tālāb) is a village in Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District, Salafchegan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Tarlab	Rahjerd-e Sharqi Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rheinhausen station is located in the Duisburg suburb of Rheinhausen in the Lower Rhine region of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Rheinhausen station	Duisburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Federal Creek is one of several major tributaries to the Hocking River in southeast Ohio.	Federal Creek	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burlington-Edison High School (commonly abbreviated to B-EHS) is a public high school in Burlington, Washington.	Burlington-Edison High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The territory of Minden-Ravensberg is now within northeastern North Rhine-Westphalia and part of Ostwestfalen-Lippe.	Minden-Ravensberg	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais Wilson in Geneva, Switzerland, is the current headquarters of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.	Palais Wilson	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yingli Tower is a skyscraper in the Jeifangbei CBD area of Chongqing, China.	Yingli Tower	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiangyin County (simplified Chinese: 湘阴县; traditional Chinese: 湘陰縣; pinyin: Xiāngyīn xiàn) is under the administration of Yueyang, Hunan province, China.	Xiangyin County	Yueyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birecik (Greek and Latin: Birtha, Βίρθα; Arabic: al-Bīrah البيرة‎; Kurdish: Bêrecûg‎, Ottoman Turkish: بيره جك‎), also formerly known as Bir and during the Crusades as Bile, is a town and district of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey, on the River Euphrates.	Birecik	Şanlıurfa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchliny (parˈxlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Parchliny	Gmina Szczerców
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Chal Sar (Persian: گل چال سر‎, also Romanized as Gol Chāl Sar; also known as Kalleh Chāleh Sar) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gol Chal Sar	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiree (Scottish Gaelic: Tiriodh, pronounced (ˈtʲʰiɾʲəɣ)) is the most westerly island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Tiree	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haranak (Persian: هرانك‎, also Romanized as Harānak) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Haranak	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ترك غربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District	Jowkar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Excalibur Hotel and Casino is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, in the United States.	Excalibur Hotel and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welsh Auditorium was a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena and convention center in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Welsh Auditorium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Sorkh (Persian: كلاته سرخ‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sorkh, Kalāteh-i-Surkh, and Kalateh Sorkh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Sorkh	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ingersoll Tile Elevator, located in Ingersoll, Oklahoma, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	Ingersoll Tile Elevator	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melius-Bentley House is a historic home located in the towns of Ancram, Columbia County and Pine Plains, Dutchess County, New York.	Melius-Bentley House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabari-ye Do (Persian: زباري دو‎, also Romanized as Zabārī-ye Do) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zabari-ye Do	Miyan Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvanley is a small rural village and civil parish near the village of Helsby, in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Alvanley	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zongshizhuang (Chinese: 总十庄镇) is a township-level division of Jinzhou, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zongshizhuang	Jinzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hound Run Airport (FAA LID: 40X) is a privately owned, public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) north of the central business district of Hallettsville, a city in Lavaca County, Texas, United States.	Hound Run Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rift Valley Province (Swahili: Bonde la Ufa) of Kenya, bordering Uganda, was one of Kenya's 8 provinces, before the Kenyan general election, 2013.	Rift Valley Province	Kenya
located in the administrative territorial entity	930 Fifth Avenue is a luxury apartment building on Fifth Avenue on the northeast corner of East 74th Street in Manhattan.	930 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noh, Burkina Faso is a town in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern-central Burkina Faso.	Noh, Burkina Faso	Sabce Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc écologique des Sansonnets or Parc Sansonnets (English: Ecological Park of the Starlings) is a forested natural reserve located in Brossard, Quebec.	Parc écologique des Sansonnets	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziyang County (simplified Chinese: 紫阳县; traditional Chinese: 紫陽縣; pinyin: Zǐyáng Xiàn) is a county of Ankang, Shaanxi, China.	Ziyang County	Ankang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czernikowice (t͡ʂɛrnikɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Groß Tschirbsdorf, 2/18/1936 Sandwaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czernikowice	Gmina Chojnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qelinjlu (Persian: قلينجلو‎, also Romanized as Qelīnjlū; also known as Qelenjlū and Qelīchlū) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qelinjlu	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Avenue Armory, officially known as the Washington Avenue Armory Sports and Convention Arena and listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Washington Avenue (Tenth Battalion) Armory, is now a multi-purpose arena in Albany, New York.	Washington Avenue Armory	Albany
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacAlpine, Rebecca's Lot is a historic home located at Ellicott City, Howard County, Maryland, United States.	MacAlpine	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marrubiu, Marrùbiu in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Oristano.	Marrubiu	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanute Air Force Base is a decommissioned United States Air Force facility, located in Champaign County, Illinois, south of and adjacent to Rantoul, Illinois, about 130 miles (210 km) south of Chicago.	Chanute Air Force Base	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basement Workshop was an Asian-American political and arts organization in New York City active from 1970-1986.	Basement Workshop	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olang (Italian: Valdaora) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of the city of Bolzano.	Olang	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacs del Penedès, sometimes simply Pacs (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈpaks)) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Penedès, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Pacs del Penedès	Alt Penedès
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Orange Public Library is the free public library of East Orange, Essex County, New Jersey	East Orange Public Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundaring Weir is a dam (and historically the adjoining locality) located 39 kilometres (24 mi) from Perth, Western Australia in the Darling Scarp.	Mundaring Weir	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warren Woods Tower High School, commonly referred to as Tower, is a public high school in Warren, Michigan which educates students in grades 9--12.	Warren Woods Tower High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 243, Ranch Road 243, or RM 243, is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Ranch to Market Road 243	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lunetten is a neighbourhood in the southeastern part of the city of Utrecht, that has approximately 12.000 inhabitants.	Lunetten	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavandag (Persian: گوندگ‎‎; also known as Gavandak, Gavandok) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gavandag	Najafabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lampert-Wildflower House is a home in the U.S. city of Belvidere, Boone County, Illinois.	Lampert-Wildflower House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Bay Dam was an earthen dam located 11 miles west of Purvis, Mississippi in Lamar County.	Big Bay Dam	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Brien General Store and Post Office is a combined store and post office located at Schatzell and Charles streets in the hamlet of Rhinecliff, New York, USA, across from the community's central plaza.	O'Brien General Store and Post Office	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Miguel Chapel Site is an archeological site in Ventura, California, United States, at the location of the first outpost and center of operations that was established while the first Mission San Buenaventura was being constructed.	San Miguel Chapel Site	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosamba is a city and a municipality situated in the Mangrol Taluka in Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Kosamba	Surat district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machzikei Hadas (literally translated from Hebrew as 'Supporters of the law') is a Modern Orthodox synagogue in South Ottawa, Ontario.	Machzikei Hadas	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płowizny (pwɔˈvʲiznɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Płowizny	Gmina Bełżyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springdale Mill Complex, also known as Springdale Flour Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located near Bartonsville, Frederick County, Virginia.	Springdale Mill Complex	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalleh Sir (Persian: كله سير‎, also Romanized as Kalleh Sīr) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh Sir	Saroleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marchwiel (Welsh: Marchwiail) is a village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.	Marchwiel	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asb Khan (Persian: اسبخان‎, also Romanized as Asb Khān; also known as Asp-e Khān and Aspikhan) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asb Khan	Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Douglas Building is a building in southeast Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Douglas Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheqa Vaqfi (Persian: چقاوقفي‎, also Romanized as Cheqā Vaqfī) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheqa Vaqfi	Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albany Glassworks Site is an archeological site in Guilderland, Albany County, New York.	Albany Glassworks Site	Albany County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warwick Mills, also known as James Mills with Jacob Hager House and Tenant House, is a historic grist mill complex located in Warwick Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Warwick Mills	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRMU-FM is a non-commercial FM radio station at the University of Mount Union (formally Mount Union College) in Alliance, Ohio broadcasting at 91.1 MHz.	WRMU-FM	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Pahn-e Sofla (Persian: كوه پهن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūh Pahn-e Soflá) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kuh Pahn-e Sofla	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch Missionary Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 313 Robin Street in Downtown Houston, Texas.	Antioch Missionary Baptist Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Contrexéville is a commune of north-eastern France, in the Vosges département.	Contrexéville	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhlamad-e Olya (Persian: اخلمدعليا‎, also Romanized as Akhlamad-e-''Olyā; also known as Akhlamad, Akhlamad-e Bāla, and Akhlūmad) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Akhlamad-e Olya	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Maru (Persian: دره مارو‎, also Romanized as Darreh Mārū; also known as Darreh Māhrū) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Maru	Javid-e Mahuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appleton Log Hall is a meeting hall in Appleton, a community in Klickitat County, Washington, United States.	Appleton Log Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clinton Furnace, is located in the Newfoundland section of West Milford in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Clinton Furnace	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fărău (German: Brenndorf; Hungarian: Magyarforró) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Fărău	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Palace of El Pardo (Spanish: Palacio Real de El Pardo) is a historical building near Madrid, Spain, in the present-day district of Fuencarral-El Pardo.	Royal Palace of El Pardo	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandranagar is a suburb of Palakkad town in Palakkad district, Kerala, south India.	Chandranagar	Palakkad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feusier Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 1067 Green Street, in the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	Feusier Octagon House	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choroń-Rajczykowizna (ˈxɔrɔɲ rai̯t͡ʂɨkɔˈvizna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Choroń-Rajczykowizna	Gmina Poraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert W Scherer Power Plant (also known as Plant Scherer) is a coal-fired power plant in Juliette, Georgia, just north of Macon, Georgia, in the United States.	Plant Scherer	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenlohe-Kirchberg was a German County located in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Kirchberg.	Hohenlohe-Kirchberg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coberley is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold District of Gloucestershire in England, 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Cheltenham.	Coberley	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coffs Harbour, in Australia, is a coastal city located on the north coast of New South Wales about 540 km (340 mi) north of Sydney, and 390 km (240 mi) south of Brisbane.	Coffs Harbour	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a 10,795-acre (43.69 km2) National Wildlife Refuge established in 1937 and located in Chariton County, Missouri, 2 miles (3.2 km) south of the town of Sumner.	Swan Lake National Wildlife Refuge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raymond James Stadium, also known as the ``Ray Jay'', is a multipurpose football stadium located in Tampa, Florida.	Raymond James Stadium	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakthan Thampuran Palace is situated in City of Thrissur in Kerala state, India.	Shakthan Thampuran Palace	Thrissur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bleriot Ferry is a ferry in Alberta, Canada.	Bleriot Ferry	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kuiu Wilderness and Tebenkof Bay Wilderness are federally designated wilderness areas within the Tongass National Forest, located on Kuiu Island, Petersburg Census Area, Alaska.	Kuiu Wilderness and Tebenkof Bay Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonopah Airport (IATA: TPH, ICAO: KTPH, FAA LID: TPH) is a county owned, public use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) east of the central business district of Tonopah, in Nye County, Nevada, United States.	Tonopah Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamranabad (Persian: کامران آباد‎, also Romanized as Kāmrānābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kamranabad	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eagle River Light is a decommissioned lighthouse at the mouth of the Eagle River in the community of Eagle River on the Keweenaw Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Eagle River Light	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozark Adventist Academy (OAA) is a private Christian co-educational college preparatory boarding school located near Gentry, Arkansas, United States.	Ozark Adventist Academy	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasatch Mountain State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, located in the Heber Valley of Wasatch County near Midway.	Wasatch Mountain State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Barnet is an area of north London within the London Borough of Barnet bordered by New Barnet, Cockfosters and Southgate.	East Barnet	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayne Junction railway station was a railway station on the North Coast railway line of Queensland, Australia.	Mayne Junction railway station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley Park is a neighborhood located in West Midtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Berkeley Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandom Khvab (Persian: گندم خواب‎, also Romanized as Gandom Khvāb and Gandom Khavāb) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gandom Khvab	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brower's Spring is a spring in the Centennial Mountains of Montana that was marked by a surveyor in 1888 as the ultimate headwaters of the Missouri River and thus the fourth longest river in the world, the 6,275 km-long Mississippi-Missouri River.	Brower's Spring	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laconia Municipal Airport (IATA: LCI, ICAO: KLCI, FAA LID: LCI) is a general aviation airport located three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district (CBD) of Laconia, a city in Belknap County, New Hampshire, USA.	Laconia Municipal Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevorrick is a hamlet near St Issey in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trevorrick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peralta Community College District is the community college district serving northern Alameda County, California.	Peralta Community College District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Dzięcioły Dalsze (kɔˈlɔɲa d͡ʑɛnˈt͡ɕɔwɨ ˈdalʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Dzięcioły Dalsze	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waterford, California is the eighth largest city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.	Waterford, California	Stanislaus County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jubilee Walkway is an official walking route in London.	Jubilee Walkway	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp-Woods, is a historic estate with associated buildings located at Villanova, Delaware County, Pennsylvania and built on a 400' high spot which had been a 200-man outpost of George Washington's Army during the Valley Forge winter of 1777-8.	Camp-Woods	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpe di Neggia (el. 1395 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Alpe di Neggia	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdangeh Sartaveh (Persian: گردنگه سرطاوه‎, also Romanized as Gerdangeh Sarṭāveh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gerdangeh Sartaveh	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavisan (Persian: لاويسان‎, also Romanized as Lāvīsān) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Lavisan	Kumasi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJRE is a FM radio station licensed to Galva, Illinois, with studios in Kewanee, Illinois.	WJRE	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skeppshult is a locality situated in Gislaved Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden beside river Nissan.	Skeppshult	Gislaved
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moravian Cemetery at 2205 Richmond Road in New Dorp on Staten Island, New York is the largest cemetery on the island.	Moravian Cemetery	New Dorp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catalina Airport (IATA: AVX, ICAO: KAVX, FAA LID: AVX) is a privately owned airport located six miles (10 km) northwest of the central business district of Avalon, California in the middle of Catalina Island.	Catalina Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary (SVOTS) is an Orthodox Christian seminary in Crestwood, New York, in the United States.	Saint Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bleggio Superiore (German: Oberpless or Oberbletsch) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Trento.	Bleggio Superiore	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yad La-Shiryon (officially: The Armored Corps Memorial Site and Museum at Latrun, Hebrew: יד לשריון‎) is Israel's official memorial site for fallen soldiers from the armored corps, as well as one of the most diverse tank museums in the world.	Yad La-Shiryon	Latrun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myra Arboretum (26 acres), also called Larimore Arboretum, is located on the south branch of the Turtle River in Larimore, North Dakota.	Myra Arboretum	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langthil Gewog (Dzongkha: གླང་མཐིལ་) is a gewog (village block) of Trongsa District, Bhutan.	Langthil Gewog	Trongsa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katonah Museum of Art is a non-collecting institution geared towards visual arts, located in Katonah, New York.	Katonah Museum of Art	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tubrid or Tubbrid (Irish: Tiobraid) was formerly a civil and ecclesiastical parish situated between the towns of Cahir and Clogheen in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Tubrid	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawfields Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church complex located near Mebane, Alamance County, North Carolina.	Hawfields Presbyterian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inoujście (inɔˈui̯ɕt͡ɕe) (German Ihnamünde; both names mean ``Mouth of the Ina'') is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Inoujście	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colonial Beacon Gas Station is a historic gas station at 474 Main Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts.	Colonial Beacon Gas Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	An Aird is both an area of Fort William, Scotland, and also the largest dedicated shinty park in the town and is situated on the east bank of Loch Linnhe, near the centre of the town.	An Aird	Fort William
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mała Karczma (ˈmawa ˈkart͡ʂma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mała Karczma	Gmina Gniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Ghazeban Fazeli (Persian: سيدناصر فاضلي‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Ghaz̤ebān Fāz̤elī) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Ghazeban Fazeli	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfred-Pellan (formerly Duvernay and Laval East) is a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1968.	Alfred-Pellan	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Permsky Uyezd (Russian: Пермский уезд) was an administrative division of Perm Governorate, Russian Empire, existed until 1923.	Permsky Uyezd	Perm Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at 551-555 North Goodman Street is a historic commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.	Building at 551-555 North Goodman Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dłutówka (dwuˈtufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dłutówka	Gmina Baranowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamington River, known as the Black River upstream of Pottersville, is a tributary of the North Branch Raritan River in central New Jersey in the United States.	Lamington River	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emily & Theodore Hope Forest is a 376-acre (152 ha) permanent forest reservation located in Danbury, New Hampshire.	Emily & Theodore Hope Forest	Danbury, New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sur Mandeh (Persian: سورمنده‎, also Romanized as Sūr Mandeh; also known as Sīr Mandeh) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sur Mandeh	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kehärata (the Ring Rail Line, previously Marjarata, Swedish: Ringbanan) is a railway route in the area of the city of Vantaa, in the Greater Helsinki Metropolitan Area of Finland.	Ring Rail Line	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gooding City of Rocks East Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area that covers 14,743 acres (5,966 ha) in Gooding County, Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield.	Gooding City of Rocks East Wilderness Study Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barking Market (also called Barking Town Centre Market) is a market located in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in East London, England.	Barking Market	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sam M. Vadalabene Center-- also known as ``The VC''-- is a multi-purpose sports and recreation building on the campus of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) that features an arena with a seating capacity of just over 4,000.	Vadalabene Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhatpara (Bengali: ভাটপাড়া) is a suburban town and a municipality under Jagatdal police station of Barrackpore subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal, India.	Bhatpara	North 24 Parganas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardalan Rural District (Persian: دهستان زردلان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zardalan Rural District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Justo Dam is a dam and reservoir in San Benito County, California, about three miles southwest of Hollister.	San Justo Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Museum of Manila (nicknamed the Met) is a museum located within the complex of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) along Roxas Boulevard in Malate, Manila, the Philippines.	Metropolitan Museum of Manila	Malate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luyuan District (simplified Chinese: 绿园区; traditional Chinese: 綠園區; pinyin: Lùyuán Qū) is one of six districts of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the city's urban core.	Luyuan District	Changchun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giverny (French pronunciation: ​(ʒi.vɛʁ.ni)) is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.	Giverny	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iochdar (Scottish Gaelic: An t-Ìochdair), also spelled Eochar, is a hamlet and community on the west coast of the island of South Uist, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Iochdar	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuzbash Kandi (Persian: يوزباش كندي‎, also Romanized as Yūzbāsh Kandī) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yuzbash Kandi	Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dead Mountains are a mountain range in the southeastern Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California.	Dead Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gambier Terrace (Liverpool, England) is a street of 19th-century houses overlooking St. James's Mount and Gardens and Liverpool Cathedral.	Gambier Terrace	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان بنستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Banestan Rural District	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC) is a community college located in the city of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County, California.	Santa Rosa Junior College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkins Mill Town Center is a transit oriented development proposed in Gaithersburg, Maryland.	Watkins Mill Town Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Carolina Regional Airport (ICAO: KRHP, FAA LID: RHP) is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of Andrews, in Cherokee County, North Carolina, United States.	Western Carolina Regional Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Arden (Persian: كل اردن‎, also Romanized as Kal Ārden) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kal Arden	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radicofani is a comune in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located in the natural park of Val D' Orcia about 110 kilometres (68 mi) southeast of Florence and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Siena.	Radicofani	Province of Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Châteaubleau is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne département in the Île-de-France région in north-central France.	Châteaubleau	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carmo da Cachoeira is a Brazilian municipality in the south of the state of Minas Gerais.	Carmo da Cachoeira	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mackinac Island (/ˈmækᵻnɔː/ MAK-in-aw) is an island and resort area, covering 3.8 square miles (9.8 km2) in land area, in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Mackinac Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Joondalup is a medium-sized freshwater lake in Perth, Western Australia.	Lake Joondalup	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diamanten (``The Diamond'') or Oksenøyveien 3 is an office building located at Fornebu in Bærum, Norway.	Diamanten	Bærum
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Paso High School is the oldest operating high school in El Paso, Texas and is part of the El Paso Independent School District.	El Paso High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katni district (Hindi: कटनी जिला) is one of the 51 districts of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Katni district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miralago is a small village in the Poschiavo valley, at the southern end of the Lago di Poschiavo.	Miralago	Poschiavo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczka Mała (ˈlɛʂt͡ʂka ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Leszczka Mała	Gmina Perlejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żużela (ʐuˈʐɛla) (German Zuzella) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żużela	Gmina Krapkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Picton Airport (TC LID: CNT7) is located on the southeast side of Picton, Ontario, Canada, near the Bay of Quinte on Lake Ontario.	Picton Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campos del Malecón, also known as simply El Malecón or Estadio El Malecón, is a stadium in Torrelavega, Spain.	Campos del Malecón	Torrelavega
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khar Gewog (Dzongkha: མཁར་) is a gewog (village block) of Pemagatshel District, Bhutan.	Khar Gewog	Pemagatshel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Águas de São Pedro (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈaɡwas di sɐ̃w̃ ˈpedɾu)) is a Brazilian municipality of the state of São Paulo.	Águas de São Pedro	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowleh Khargush (Persian: دوله خرگوش‎, also Romanized as Dowleh Khargūsh) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dowleh Khargush	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mixbury is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about 2.5 miles (4 km) southeast of Brackley in Northamptonshire.	Mixbury	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrold Airport (FAA LID: B25) is a public use airport in DeKalb County, Indiana, United States.	Harrold Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkat Deraz (Persian: اشكت دراز‎, also Romanized as Eshkat Derāz) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Eshkat Deraz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghallehzar (Persian: غله زار‎, also Romanized as Ghallehzār) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ghallehzar	Qazi Jahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essaqwand Rock Tombs (Persian: گوردخمه اسحاق‌وند‎) are three rock-hewn tombs located 25 km southwest of Harsin in Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Essaqwand Rock Tombs	Harsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarai Mir is a town and a Nagar Panchayat in Azamgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Sarai Mir	Azamgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Randolph School is an American independent private kindergarten-through-12th-grade college preparatory school chartered in 1959 in Huntsville, Madison County, Alabama.	Randolph School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyliffin (Irish: Baile Lifin) is a small village located in the North Western tip of Inishowen, County Donegal, Ireland.	Ballyliffin	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengguantun (Chinese: 冯官屯镇) is a town in Chiping County, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Fengguantun	Chiping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłążek (pɔdˈwɔ̃ʐɛk) (German: Reinholdshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Podłążek	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzard-e Sofla (Persian: ورزردسفلي‎, also Romanized as Varzard-e Soflá; also known as Varzard-e Pā``īn) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 12 families.	Varzard-e Sofla	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sineh Namak (Persian: سينه نمك‎, also Romanized as Sīneh Namak) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sineh Namak	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Valley Raceway was a motorsports race track located in North Richland Hills, Texas, and was part of the Dallas--	Green Valley Raceway	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainci Donji (Cyrillic: Раинци Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rainci Donji	Kalesija
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunnukara(കുന്നുകര) is a census town and panchayat in Paravur Taluk of Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	Kunnukara	Ernakulam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halqeh Basteh (Persian: حلقه بسته‎, also Romanized as Ḩalqeh Basteh) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Halqeh Basteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawnwood Stadium is a football (both soccer and gridiron) stadium facility in the City of Fort Pierce, Florida.	Lawnwood Stadium	Fort Pierce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vachad (Persian: وچاد‎, also Romanized as Vachād) is a village in Sorkhkola Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vachad	Sorkhkola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dark Canyon Wilderness, in the heart of southeast Utah's canyon country, is named for its high steep walls that narrow in the lower section so that they block the light in the morning and late afternoon.	Dark Canyon Wilderness	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moreno Valley Mall at Towngate is a shopping mall located on the former site of the Riverside International Raceway in Moreno Valley, California.	Moreno Valley Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evard (Persian: اوارد‎, also Romanized as Evārd; also known as Avārd) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Evard	Tuskacheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natural Bridge Park near Natural Bridge, Alabama, is park in Winston County, Alabama, that has been open since 1954.	Natural Bridge Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouth Medical Center Southern Campus, formerly Kimball Medical Center and before that, Paul Kimball Hospital, is a hospital located in Lakewood Township, New Jersey, United States, that serves parts of northern Ocean County and southern Monmouth County.	Monmouth Medical Center Southern Campus	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naudanda is a village in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Naudanda	Kaski District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Rahim, Corrin (Persian: چاه رحیم‎‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Rahim, Corrin	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Shur (Persian: تازه كندشور‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Shūr; also known as Shūr-e Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Shur	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Constellation Place (formerly MGM Tower) is a 35-story, 492-foot (150 m) skyscraper in the Los Angeles, California community of Century City.	Constellation Place	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukavu is part of the ancient territory of Bushi Kingdom, the main ethnic group of South-Kivu.	Bukavu	South-Kivu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chew Magna is a village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in the Unitary Authority of Bath and North East Somerset, in the Ceremonial county of Somerset, England.	Chew Magna	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pisheh Gun (Persian: پيشه گون‎, also Romanized as Pīsheh Gūn) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pisheh Gun	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dimeh Darb (Persian: ديمه درب‎, also Romanized as Dīmeh Darb, Deymeh Darb, and Deymeh Derb; also known as Deyme Derb) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dimeh Darb	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freeman Municipal Airport (IATA: SER, ICAO: KSER, FAA LID: SER) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Seymour, a city in Jackson County, Indiana, United States.	Freeman Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flechtingen Hills (German: Flechtinger Höhenzug) are a wooded, hilly upland area up to 179 m high in the northwestern part of the German state of Saxony-Anhalt, named after the town of Flechtingen.	Flechtingen Hills	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winfield, Texas is a small city in Titus County, Texas, United States.	Winfield, Texas	Titus County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Security Square Mall is a large mall in the suburbs of Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Security Square Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grover Cleveland Birthplace is a New Jersey State Historic Site and National Historic Place located in Caldwell, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Grover Cleveland Birthplace	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ketchaoua Mosque (Arabic: جامع كتشاوة‎, Djamaa Ketchaoua) is a mosque in Algiers, the capital of Algeria.	Ketchaoua Mosque	Algiers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvor Jahan (Persian: خورجهان‎, also Romanized as Khvor Jahān and Khūrjahān) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khvor Jahan	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kromberk (pronounced (ˈkɾoːmbɛɾk); Italian: Moncorona, German: Cronberg bei Görz) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia.	Kromberk	Nova Gorica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skivika (also called Skeidarvik and Skjærvika) is a village in the municipality of Fredrikstad, Norway.	Skivika	Fredrikstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumalaisamudram is a village in Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu.	Thirumalaisamudram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Manual Training School, also known as Edison High School, was a historic school building located in the Fairhill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Northeast Manual Training School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillsdale Municipal Airport (ICAO: KJYM, FAA LID: JYM) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Hillsdale, in Hillsdale County, Michigan, United States.	Hillsdale Municipal Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madisonville Site is a prehistoric archaeological site near Mariemont, Ohio, United States.	Madisonville Site	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahbazlu (Persian: شهبازلو‎, also Romanized as Shahbāzlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shahbazlu	Angut-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astor Row is the name given to 28 row houses on the south side of West 130th Street between Fifth and Lenox Avenues in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, which were among the first speculative townhouses built in the area.	Astor Row	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Occidental College is a private, co-educational liberal arts college located in the Eagle Rock, Los Angeles, California, United States.	Occidental College	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunyvaig Castle, (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Naomhaig, Anglicised Fort of the galleys, also known as Dunnyveg) is located on the south side of Islay, in Argyll, Scotland, on the shore of Lagavulin Bay, 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from Port Ellen.	Dunyvaig Castle	Lagavulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Nathanael Greene Homestead is a historic house at 20 Taft Street in Coventry, Rhode Island, known as Spell Hall.	General Nathanael Greene Homestead	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rispescia (Italian: (riˈspeʃʃa)), or Santa Maria di Rispescia, is a small town in southern Tuscany, a frazione of the comune of Grosseto, situated about 10 km south-east of the capital, right outside the Natural Park of Maremma, near the frazione of Alberese.	Rispescia	Grosseto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siskiyou Summit (also Siskiyou Mtn. Summit; also referred to as Siskiyou Pass) is a summit (high point) on Interstate 5 (I-5) in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Siskiyou Summit	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 12,168-foot (3,709 m) peak is located in Gunnison National Forest, 2.1 miles (3.4 km) northeast by east (bearing 59°) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County, Colorado, United States.	Crested Butte	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiangyin (simplified Chinese: 江阴; traditional Chinese: 江陰; pinyin: Jiāngyīn; Wade--Giles: Chiangyin, Jiangyin dialect: (kɐ̞ŋ.jɪŋ)) is a county-level city on the southern bank of the Yangtze River, and is administered by Wuxi, Jiangsu province.	Jiangyin	Wuxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzierzków (ˈd͡ʑeʂkuf) (German: Dätzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dzierzków	Gmina Dobromierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kishkenekol (translates from Kazakh as ``small lake'') is the administrative center of Ualikhanov District, North Kazakhstan Region.	Kishkenekol	Ualikhanov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muchów (ˈmuxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Muchów	Gmina Męcinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhoukou (Chinese: 周口; pinyin: Zhōukǒu; postal: Chowkow) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Henan province, China.	Zhoukou	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluszkowce (kluʂˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czorsztyn, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Kluszkowce	Gmina Czorsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ezhou (Chinese: 鄂州; pinyin: Èzhōu) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Hubei Province, China.	Ezhou	Hubei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort King (also known as Camp King or Cantonment King) was a United States military fort in north central Florida, near what later developed as the city of Ocala.	Fort King	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fissile Peak, formerly known as Red Mountain, is a mountain peak located on the eastern side of Cheakamus Lake southeast of Whistler in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia, Canada.	Fissile Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velké Hamry (German: Großhammer) is a town and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Velké Hamry	Jablonec nad Nisou District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forrest Lake Townhomes is a 243 townhome community in Northwest Houston, Texas (USA).	Forrest Lake	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byrd Theatre is a cinema in the Carytown neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia.	Byrd Theatre	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVEL (1140 AM) is a daytimer radio station with a city of license of Pekin, Illinois, USA, and serving the Peoria, Illinois, area.	WVEL	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ship Canal Bridge is a double-deck steel truss bridge that carries Interstate 5 over Seattle's Portage Bay (part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal, after which it is named) between Capitol Hill and the University District.	Ship Canal Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heilbronn-Franken is a region in northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, in the Stuttgart subdivision (Regierungsbezirk).	Heilbronn-Franken	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trenton Dam is a dam on the Republican River in Nebraska, standing in Hitchcock County in the southwestern part of the state.	Trenton Dam	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roslindale Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church at 52 Cummins Highway in the Roslindale neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Roslindale Baptist Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garkhashab (Persian: گرخشاب‎, also Romanized as Garkhashāb; also known as Garkhashāb-e ``Abdī and Garkhashāb-e Soflá) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 690, in 127 families.	Garkhashab	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Knife Provincial Park is a small provincial park in central Alberta, Canada.	Big Knife Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRBV (101.7 FM, ``V101.7'') is a radio station serving the Macon, Georgia area with an urban adult contemporary format.	WRBV	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavmish Goli (Persian: گاوميش گلي‎, also Romanized as Gāvmīsh Golī) is a village in Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gavmish Goli	Zarrineh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odessa/Strawberry Lakes Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSL7), is located 5.2 nautical miles (9.6 km; 6.0 mi) north northeast of Odessa, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Odessa/Strawberry Lakes Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jądrowice (jɔndrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jądrowice	Gmina Brześć Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marangoly is a small village in the Kottayam district of Kerala, India, on the border of Ernakulam district.	Marangoly	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villalmanzo is a village and municipality of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Villalmanzo	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goonlaze is a hamlet in the parish of Stithians, Cornwall, England.	Goonlaze	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lion Country Safari is a drive-through safari park located in Loxahatchee (near West Palm Beach), in Palm Beach County, Florida.	Lion Country Safari	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottered is a village and civil parish 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Buntingford and 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Baldock in the East Hertfordshire District of Hertfordshire in England.	Cottered	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Kolah (Persian: سه كلاه‎‎, also Romanized as Seh Kolāh) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seh Kolah	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freeby is a village and civil parish in the Melton district of Leicestershire, England, about three miles east of Melton Mowbray.	Freeby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq Baba Rostam (Persian: قشلاق بابارستم‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq Bābā Rostam; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq Baba Rostam	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harabdeh (Persian: حرب ده‎, also Romanized as Ḩarabdeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Harabdeh	Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shehong County (Chinese: 射洪县; pinyin: Shèhóng Xiàn) is a county in central Sichuan province of China, belonging to Suining city.	Shehong County	Suining
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagaparken (``Haga Park''), or simply Haga in Solna Municipality just north of Stockholm, Sweden is a vast and popular nature area, with large parks, lakes, woods and gardens.	Hagaparken	Solna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahidasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماهيدشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mahidasht Rural District	Mahidasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Studio Museum in Harlem, located at 144 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City is an American contemporary art museum which is devoted to the work of African-Americans artists of the 19th and 20th centuries.	Studio Museum in Harlem	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sept-Fons Abbey, Notre-Dame de Sept-Fons or Notre-Dame de Saint-Lieu Sept-Fons is a Trappist monastery at Diou in Bourbonnais in the diocese of Moulins in France.	Sept-Fons Abbey	Diou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foshuta (fɔsˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Foshuta	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestermere (Kirkby Field) Airport, (TC LID: CFX8), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east of Chestermere, Alberta, Canada.	Chestermere (Kirkby Field) Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Angaj-e Jowkar (Persian: چهارانگج جوكار‎, also Romanized as Chahār Angaj-e Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chahar Angaj-e Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijur (Kannada - ಬಿಜುರ್) is a hamlet located in Udupi District of Karnataka state in India.	Bijur	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument in Pulaski County, Kentucky, near Nancy, Kentucky, commemorates the death of Confederate Gen. Felix K. Zollicoffer, who died here at the Battle of Mill Springs.	General Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County, Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	London Mills Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Building, also called the Tennessee General Building or the First Bank Building, is an office high-rise located in downtown Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	General Building	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brighton Secondary College is a Year 7 to 12 co-educational public secondary school, located in the City of Bayside, Brighton East, Victoria, Australia.	Brighton Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumpagadapa is a village and panchayat under Akividu mandal located in the West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dumpagadapa	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomeyni Shahr County (Persian: شهرستان خمینی‌شهر‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Khomeyni Shahr County	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzewiny (dʐɛˈvinɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Drzewiny	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ampthill is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, between Bedford and Luton, with a population of about 7,500.	Ampthill	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnar Stadium (Armenian: Արնար մարզադաշտ) is an all-seater stadium in Ijevan, Armenia.	Arnar Stadium	Ijevan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição do Colégio dos Jesuítas is a church in Santarém, Portugal.	Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição	Santarém
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walter French Academy, also known as the Walter French Academy of Business and Technology and the Walter French Junior High School is a 3-story building located at the corner of Mount Hope and Cedar in Lansing, Michigan.	Walter French Academy	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połchówko (pɔu̯ˈxufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Połchówko	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Górecka (ˈvɔla ɡuˈrɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów, within Brzozów County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Górecka	Gmina Brzozów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chuck Keiper Trail (CKT) is a long-distance backpacking trail that is lightly used and goes through some of the wildest and most visually arresting public lands in Pennsylvania, offering remarkable solitude.	Chuck Keiper Trail	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maggie L. Walker National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Site located at 110½ E. Leigh Street on ``Quality Row'' in the Jackson Ward neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia.	Maggie L. Walker National Historic Site	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clemenstone or Clemenston (Welsh: Treglement) is a hamlet located in the western part of the Vale of Glamorgan, southeast Wales, southeast of Bridgend.	Clemenstone	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janakpur Road is a city and a notified area in Sitamarhi district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Janakpur Road	Sitamarhi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaÿsinia (3.7 hectares) is a botanical garden specializing in alpine flowers, located in Samoëns, Haute-Savoie, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Jaÿsinia	Samoëns
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosnka (ˈsɔsŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sosnka	Gmina Stara Kamienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ynyswen is a village in the community of Treorchy, in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Ynyswen	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borjuk (Persian: برجوك‎, also Romanized as Borjūk) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borjuk	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brantford Golf & Country Club is a private golf course and curling club located in Brantford, Ontario, Canada.	Brantford Golf & Country Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Country Heritage Park (Formerly the Ontario Agricultural Museum) is located next to Highway 401 and the Niagara Escarpment in Milton, Ontario, Canada, and recreates rural life in the 19th century in Ontario.	Country Heritage Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Hill Baptist Church is a historic church on the east side of Highway 59 on CR 80 in Tensaw, Alabama.	Montgomery Hill Baptist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Livingston Depot is a restored 1902 Northern Pacific Railroad (NP) train station anchoring the downtown historic district of Livingston, Montana.	Livingston Depot	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Withers Building, also known as the Winthrop Training School or W.T.S., is an historic building complex located at 611 Myrtle Drive on the campus of Winthrop University in Rock Hill, South Carolina.	Withers Building	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Dell Regional School District is a regional school district serving students in seventh through twelfth grades from the Bergen County, New Jersey communities of Oradell and River Edge.	River Dell Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annopol-Rachów (Polish pronunciation: ('anˈnɔpɔl ˈraxuf)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Annopol-Rachów	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Partenstein lies in the Main Spessart Region in the middle of the Spessart (range) on the left bank of the river Lohr, some 7 km northwest of the town of Lohr am Main.	Partenstein	Main Spessart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damegunta is a village in Kodavalur mandal, situated in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Damegunta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newman Brothers Building is a former commercial building in Joplin, Missouri.	Newman Brothers Building	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Kon (Thai: แม่กรณ์) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae Kon	Mueang Chiang Rai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dronningmølle is a seaside resort town in Esbønderup parish, Gribskov Municipality in the Capital Region of Denmark, of eastern Denmark.	Dronningmølle	Gribskov Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khersdar Darreh Dimeh (Persian: خرسدردره ديمه‎‎, also Romanized as Khersdar Darreh Dīmeh) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khersdar Darreh Dimeh	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Tacoma is an independent seaport located in Tacoma, Washington.	Port of Tacoma	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Yaser (Persian: شهرك ياسر‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Yāser) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Yaser	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ukaidam is an area located in Surat, India.	Ukaidam	Surat
located in the administrative territorial entity	NYC Health + Hospitals/Coney Island, formerly known as Coney Island Hospital, is a public hospital located in the Coney Island neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	NYC Health + Hospitals/Coney Island	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racławiczki (rat͡swaˈvit͡ʂki), (German: Rasselwitz; 1939-1945 Roßtal O. S) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Racławiczki	Gmina Strzeleczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baldernock (/bælˈdɜrnək/; Gaelic: Baile Deàrnaig) is a small parish in East Dunbartonshire (formerly in Stirlingshire), Scotland, ten miles (16 km) to the north of Glasgow's city centre.	Baldernock	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Packard Proving Grounds (the remains of which are now called the Packard Proving Grounds Gateway Complex), was a proving ground established in Shelby Charter Township, Michigan in 1927 by the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit.	Packard Proving Grounds	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varina Farms, also known as Varina Plantation or Varina Farms Plantation or ``Varina on the James'', is a plantation established by John Rolfe on the James River about 40 miles upstream from the first settlement at Jamestown in the Virginia Colony, and across the river from Sir Thomas Dale's 1611 settlement at Henricus.	Varina Farms	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBYU-FM is a classical music radio station run by Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.	KBYU-FM	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centrum LIM skyscraper was built in 1989 in the center of Warsaw, Poland, by LIM Joint Venture Sp. Ltd., a consortium of three partners:	Centrum LIM	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kantakapalli or Kantakapalle is a village and panchayat in Kothavalasa mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kantakapalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Stainz is a former monastery of the Augustinian Canons in Stainz in Styria, Austria.	Schloss Stainz	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winter Garden Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 1634 Broadway between 50th and 51st Streets in midtown Manhattan.	Winter Garden Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District (Persian: دهستان اجارودمركزئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyle of Lochalsh (from the Scottish Gaelic Caol Loch Aillse, ``strait of the foaming loch'') is a village on the northwest coast of Scotland, 63 miles (100 km) west of Inverness.	Kyle of Lochalsh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staller Center for the Arts is the main arts building at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.	Staller Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greene Inn was an historic summer resort hotel at 175 Ocean Road in Narragansett, Rhode Island.	Greene Inn	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suchoczasy (suxɔˈt͡ʂasɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Suchoczasy	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Chel Khorasan (Persian: برافتابچل خرسان‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Chel Khorasān; also known as Bar Āftāb) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Chel Khorasan	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Zakaria (Persian: امامزاده زكريا‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Zakarīā; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩaẕrat-e Zakarīā) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Zakaria	Soghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patsy Cline House at 608 S. Kent St., in a working-class neighborhood of Winchester, Virginia was the home from 1948 to 1953 of Virginia Patterson Hensley, who later became the country music star known as Patsy Cline.	Patsy Cline House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nankin Mills Nature Center is a historic and nature interpretive center located at 33175 Ann Arbor Trail in Westland, Michigan.	Nankin Mills Nature Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trillium Power Wind 1 (``TPW1'') is a proposed 450 to 500 megawatt (MW) far-offshore wind farm in Canadian waters of northeastern Lake Ontario at least 17 km to 28 km from the nearest mainland.	Trillium Power Wind 1	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyminek (dɨˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dyminek	Gmina Biały Bór
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmoon (Irish: Cill Mhúine) is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland, 7 miles (11 km) north of Ennistymon, just to the northeast of Lisdoonvarna.	Kilmoon	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ickham and Well is a mostly rural civil parish east of Canterbury in Kent, South East England.	Ickham and Well	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacksonville State University (JSU) is a regional public coeducational university located in Jacksonville, Alabama, USA.	Jacksonville State University	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iregszemcse (means Ireg-Szemcse) is a village in Tolna County, Hungary.	Iregszemcse	Tolna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Man o' War Boulevard, named after the racehorse Man o' War, is a 17-mile (27 km) urban arterial, circling Lexington, Kentucky to its south.	Man o' War Boulevard	Lexington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairhope Plantation is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house and historic district, located one mile east of Uniontown, Alabama, USA.	Fairhope Plantation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chippiannock Cemetery is a cemetery located on 12th Street and 31st Avenue in Rock Island, Illinois.	Chippiannock Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borecznica (bɔrɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Borecznica	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGNC is a radio broadcast service in Amarillo, Texas, USA.	KGNC	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minidoka Dam is an earthfill dam on the Snake River in south central Idaho.	Minidoka Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabaqlu (Persian: طبقلو‎, also Romanized as Ţabaqlū) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tabaqlu	Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Five Oak Green is a village near Tonbridge, Kent in the parish of Capel.	Five Oak Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Argus Range is a mountain range located in Inyo County, California, southeast of the town of Darwin.	Argus Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pakenham is a ski hill to the south-west of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, near the town of Pakenham.	Mount Pakenham	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sparta Township Public School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves over students from Sparta Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Sparta Township Public School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorodzisko (ɡɔrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ) (Ukrainian: Городисько, Horodys’ko) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gorodzisko	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maisel's Indian Trading Post is located in the city of Albuquerque, county of Bernalillo, in the U.S. state of New Mexico.	Maisel's Indian Trading Post	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shushabad (Persian: شوش اباد‎, also Romanized as Shūshābād and Sūshābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Shushabad	Tarand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rdziostów (ˈrd͡ʑɔstuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rdziostów	Gmina Chełmiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geneva Reformed Seminary is a small theological school in Greenville, South Carolina accredited by the Association of Reformed Theological Seminaries and supported by the Free Presbyterian Church of North America.	Geneva Reformed Seminary	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterset City Park is a public, city-owned park in Winterset, Iowa.	Winterset City Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belle Mont is a historic Jeffersonian-style plantation house near Tuscumbia in Colbert County, Alabama.	Belle Mont	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lapui-ye Yek (Persian: لپويي يك‎, also Romanized as Lapū’ī-ye Yek; also known as Lapū’ī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lapui-ye Yek	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friesenrath is a small historic village in western Germany, near the spa town Aachen and the tri-border region to Belgium and the Netherlands.	Friesenrath	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sullivan County International Airport (IATA: MSV, ICAO: KMSV, FAA LID: MSV) is a county owned, public use airport in the Town of Bethel, Sullivan County, New York, United States.	Sullivan County International Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hetang District (simplified Chinese: 荷塘区; traditional Chinese: 荷塘區; pinyin: Hétáng qū) is one of four urban districts of Zhuzhou, Hunan province, China.	Hetang District	Zhuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świączynek (ɕfjɔnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Świączynek	Gmina Książ Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Pine Barracks is an Australian Army base located in New South Wales, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Singleton.	Lone Pine Barracks	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saepinum (modern Altilia, near Sepino) was a Samnite town located c. 15 km south of the modern Campobasso (in south central Italy).	Saepinum	Altilia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winster is a village in the English Derbyshire Dales about 5 miles (8 km) from Matlock and 6 miles (10 km) from Bakewell at an altitude of approximately 820 feet (250 m).	Winster	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bonaparte River is a tributary of the Thompson River, joining it at the community of Ashcroft, British Columbia.	Bonaparte River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowdjabad (Persian: دودج اباد‎, also Romanized as Dowdjābād; also known as Dowjābād) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District, Now Bandegan District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dowdjabad	Now Bandegan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conger Range, also called the Conger Mountains, is a mountain range in Quttinirpaaq National Park on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada, beginning about 16 km (10 mi) west of Mount Osborne.	Conger Range	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achampally is a village situated about 17 km south of Mulbagal Taluk town, Karnataka, India.	Achampally	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Seheh (Persian: دره صحه‎, also Romanized as Darreh Şeḩeh) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Seheh	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arran or the Isle of Arran (/ˈærən/; Scottish Gaelic: Eilean Arainn pronounced (elan ˈarɪɲ)) is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.	Isle of Arran	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKAK (branded as Nash FM 104.5) is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia and surrounding cities with a modern country format.	WKAK	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matagorda Island (i/ˈmætəˈɡɔərdə/), Spanish for ``thick brush,'' is a 38 mile (61 km) long barrier island on the Texas Gulf coast, located approximately seven miles south of Port O'Connor, in the southernmost part of Matagorda County.	Matagorda Island	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molkom is a locality situated in Karlstad Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 1,863 inhabitants in 2010.	Molkom	Karlstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redridge Steel Dam is a steel dam across the Salmon Trout River in Redridge, Houghton County, Michigan.	Redridge Steel Dam	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powroźnik (pɔˈvrɔʑɲik) (Ukrainian: Поворозник, Povoroznyk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Powroźnik	Gmina Muszyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabouco is a civil parish in the municipality of Lagoa on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese Azores.	Cabouco	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beddington is a suburban settlement in the London Borough of Sutton on the boundary with the London Borough of Croydon.	Beddington	London Borough of Sutton	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilakuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان تيلكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tilakuh Rural District	Ziviyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Local people ensured it never fell into total disrepair and the mansion and a small area of surrounding land was eventually purchased by Stroud District Council, who leased it to a building restoration trust, the Woodchester Mansion Trust, in 1992.	Woodchester Mansion	Stroud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhaula is a small hamlet in Uttarkashi district of Uttarakhand.	Dhaula	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heilbronn (German pronunciation: (haɪlˈbʁɔn)) is a city in northern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Heilbronn	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni a Porta Latina (Italian: ``Saint John Before the Latin Gate'') is a Basilica church in Rome, Italy, near the Porta Latina (on the Via Latina) of the Aurelian Wall.	San Giovanni a Porta Latina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Humboldt State Historic Park is a California state park, located in Eureka, California, United States.	Fort Humboldt State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judaean Desert (Hebrew: מִדְבַּר יְהוּדָה‎ Midbar Yehuda, both Desert of Judah or Judaean Desert; Arabic: صحراء يهودا‎ Sahara Yahudan) is a desert in Israel and the West Bank that lies east of Jerusalem and descends to the Dead Sea.	Judaean Desert	Israel
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Mountain Observatory (WMO) is an astronomical observatory located on West Mountain near the town of West Mountain, Utah (USA), about 22 km (14 mi) southwest of Provo, Utah.	West Mountain Observatory	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto San Giorgio is a comune (town or municipality) in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy.	Porto San Giorgio	Province of Fermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denial Bay (formerly McKenzie) is a small fishing and tourist village that lies on the bay of the same name, only 14 km from Ceduna on the Western Eyre Peninsula, South Australia, facing the Nuyts Archipelago.	Denial Bay	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandipora district (Urdu; ضلع بانڈی پُورہ) is one of the 22 districts in Jammu and Kashmir state in northern India.	Bandipora district	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	As part of the pueblos blancos (white towns) in southern Spain's Andalusia region, Ubrique reminds travellers of that area's Arab past.	Ubrique	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Wright Golf Course is a public golf course in Boston, Massachusetts.	George Wright Golf Course	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olympic National Park Headquarters Historic District overlooks Port Angeles, Washington from Peabody Heights, consisting of six contributing buildings built in 1940-41 and several more non-contributing buildings that act as the administrative headquarters for Olympic National Park.	Olympic National Park Headquarters Historic District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Pas (Persian: چاه پس‎, also Romanized as Chāh Pas; also known as Chāh Paz) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Pas	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klekotna (klɛˈkɔtna) (German: Charlottenthal or Charlotte's Vale) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Klekotna	Gmina Dobrodzień
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Griggs Grange No. 1467 is a historic Grange hall located near the village of Jefferson in rural Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.	Griggs Grange No. 1467	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derangabad (Persian: درنگ اباد‎, also Romanized as Derangābād) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Derangabad	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	India Point Park is a park in the Fox Point neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island at the confluence of the Seekonk River and Providence River.	India Point Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Fairfield is a local government area in the south-west of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	City of Fairfield	Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGrath State Beach is a protected beach park located on the south bank of the mouth of Santa Clara River in the city of Oxnard, California.	McGrath State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahak-e Pain (Persian: زحك پايين‎, also Romanized as Zaḥaḵ-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Zahak-e Pain	Jakdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matekeh (Persian: متكه‎) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Matekeh	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hofburg Palace is the former imperial palace in the centre of Vienna.	Hofburg Palace	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birdingbury is a village and civil parish in the Rugby district of Warwickshire, England, just south of the River Leam, and not far from Draycote Water.	Birdingbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Runcton is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.	North Runcton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden, New Jersey.	Walter Rand Transportation Center	Camden	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donnalucata is a small fishing village, a frazione of the commune of Scicli, in the province of Ragusa, Sicily, southern Italy.	Donnalucata	Scicli
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Limmat Valley (German: Limmattal) is a river valley and a region in the cantons of Zürich and Aargau in Switzerland.	Limmat Valley	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Suntop Homes, also known under the early name of The Ardmore Experiment, were quadruple residences located in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, and based largely upon the 1935 conceptual Broadacre City model of the minimum houses.	Suntop Homes	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Na Chon (Thai: แม่นาจร) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chaem District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Na Chon	Mae Chaem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pustin Sara (Persian: پوستين سرا‎, also Romanized as Pūstīn Sarā) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pustin Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pan Gate, Pan Men, or Panmen (simplified Chinese: 盘门; traditional Chinese: 盤門; pinyin: Pán Mén) is a historical landmark in Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.	Pan Gate	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferryland is a town in Newfoundland and Labrador on the Avalon Peninsula.	Ferryland	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The X-10 Graphite Reactor at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, formerly known as the Clinton Pile and X-10 Pile, was the world's second artificial nuclear reactor (after Enrico Fermi's Chicago Pile-1) and was the first reactor designed and built for continuous operation.	X-10 Graphite Reactor	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezar Dasht (Persian: هزاردشت‎, also Romanized as Hezār Dasht; also known as Shahrak-e Hezār Dasht) is a village in Abali Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hezar Dasht	Abali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwardoń (ˈzvardɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in the Zywiec Beskids mountain range in southern Poland, on the border with Slovakia.	Zwardoń	Rajcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitefish Bay High School is a comprehensive public secondary school located in the village of Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin, United States.	Whitefish Bay High School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Restauradores Square (Portuguese: Praça dos Restauradores) is a public square in the city of Lisbon, Portugal.	Restauradores Square	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Sukhteh (Persian: چاه سوخته‎, also Romanized as Chāh Sūkhteh) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Sukhteh	Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metcalf Energy Center is a 600 megawatt combined cycle power plant located in South San Jose, California in an area known as Coyote Valley.	Metcalf Energy Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Hinman (7,492 feet (2,284 m)) is located on the border of Snoqualmie and Wenatchee National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington.	Mount Hinman	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Rahim (Persian: قلعه رحيم‎‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Raḩīm and Qal``eh Raḩīm) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 235, in 52 families.	Qaleh-ye Rahim	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glaubenberg Pass (el. 1540 m) is a high mountain pass in the Emmental Alps between the cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden in Switzerland.	Glaubenberg Pass	Obwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry B. Plant Museum is located in the south wing of Plant Hall on the University of Tampa's campus, at 401 West Kennedy Boulevard.	Henry B. Plant Museum	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Lake Site is an archaeological site located in Sand Ridge State Park 6.5 miles (10.5 km) from Manito, Illinois.	Clear Lake Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hennenbach is a district of the town of Ansbach in Bavaria, Germany.	Hennenbach	Ansbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alex and Mary Alice Johnson House, located at 5 W. Main St. in Grantsville, Utah, is a Queen Anne style house that was built in 1900.	Alex and Mary Alice Johnson House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Kandeh District (Persian: بخش نوکنده‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bandar-e-Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Now Kandeh District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Park Stadium is a greyhound racing track, and speedway track and former football stadium located in Murston, Sittingbourne, Kent, England.	Central Park Stadium	Sittingbourne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lympstone is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon.	Lympstone	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahad Datu is a town and district located in Tawau Division, in the east of Sabah, Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Lahad Datu	Tawau Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durham's Chapel School, also known as Durham's Chapel Rosenwald School, is a former school for African-American children located in Gallatin, Sumner County, Tennessee, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Durham's Chapel School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myczkowce (mɨt͡ʂˈkɔft͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Мичківці, Mychkivtsi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Myczkowce	Gmina Solina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bossingham is a large hamlet in the City of Canterbury District of Kent, England.	Bossingham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drążgów (ˈdrɔ̃ʐɡuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Drążgów	Gmina Ułęż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herberts is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.	The Herberts	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaf-e Bala (Persian: چاف بالا‎, also Romanized as Chāf-e Bālā; also known as Bālā Chāf and Chāf) was a village in Chaf Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaf-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catlin Hall, Wilkes College, also known as George Catlin Hall and Reynolds House, is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes-Barre, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.	Catlin Hall, Wilkes College	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. S. Salmon House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a 2.5-story apartment house listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	W. S. Salmon House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manordeifi (Welsh: Maenordeifi) is a parish and community in the hundred of Kilgerran, in the northeast corner of Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Manordeifi	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad, Zahedan (Persian: الله‌آباد‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Allahabad, Zahedan	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nei Lak Shan (Chinese: 彌勒山) is the sixth highest hill in Hong Kong.	Nei Lak Shan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenton Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, USA, located 33 miles (53 km) north of San Ysidro, in the Jemez Mountains.	Fenton Lake State Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalhin (Persian: كلهين‎, also Romanized as Kalhīn) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kalhin	Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pisgah National Forest is a National Forest in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina.	Pisgah National Forest	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daming Temple (Chinese: 扬州大明寺) is a temple located at the middle peak of Shugang Mountain, Yangzhou, Jiangsu Province, China.	Daming Temple	Yangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xenopoulo (Greek: Ξενόπουλο) is a small village and a community in the island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Xenopoulo	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 129 High Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved modestly-scaled Queen Anne Victorian house.	House at 129 High Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kargaz (Persian: کرگز‎) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kargaz	Kashkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harisan (Persian: هريسان‎, also Romanized as Harīsān; also known as Harsān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Harisan	Qareh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coronado cave (31°21′4``N 110°15′38''W) is located in Cochise County in southern Arizona near the Mexican border.	Coronado cave	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terešov (previously known as Tereschau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Rokycany District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Terešov	Rokycany District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raton-Clayton volcanic field is an extinct volcanic field located in the state of New Mexico, United States.	Raton-Clayton volcanic field	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Chal (Persian: ابچل‎, also Romanized as Āb Chal and Āb Chol) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Chal	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havasu Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Arizona associated with the Havasupai people.	Havasu Creek	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Statue of King Taksin Wongwian Yai Railway Station (commuter railway) Wongwian Yai Skytrain Station Wongwian Yai Market and Bang Yi Ruea Market Charoen Rat thai leather cluster Robinson Department Store, Lardya Wongwian Yai Complex Merry Kings Department Store, Wongweanyai (abandoned)	Wongwian Yai	Bang Yi Ruea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabiszyce Dolne (ɡrabiˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Nieder Gerlachsheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grabiszyce Dolne	Gmina Leśna
located in the administrative territorial entity	KILR-FM (95.9 FM) is a commercial radio station serving the Estherville, Iowa area as well as the Iowa Great Lakes region.	KILR-FM	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Bolgur (Persian: بالابلگور‎, also Romanized as Bālā Bolgūr; also known as Bālā Bowlgūr, Bolgūr, and Salgūr) is a village in Markiyeh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Bolgur	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomquist Creek is a stream in San Mateo County, California and is a tributary of Pescadero Creek.	Bloomquist Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Stirling is an Australian electoral division in the inner northern and beachside suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.	Division of Stirling	Perth	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milkipur (Hindi: मिल्कीपुर) is a town, tehsil and a constituency in Faizabad district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Milkipur	Faizabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Édith Piaf is a private museum dedicated to singer Édith Piaf located in the 11th arrondissement at 5, rue Crespin du Gast, Paris, France.	Musée Édith Piaf	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pruska Karczma (ˈpruska ˈkart͡ʂma) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pruska Karczma	Gmina Trąbki Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gargur (Persian: گرگور‎, also Romanized as Gargūr and Gargoor; also known as Gargūr-e Meyān, and Gargūr-e Mīān) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gargur	Delvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Krotz Springs Bridge are dual cantilever bridges in the U.S. state of Louisiana which carries US 190 over the Atchafalaya River at Krotz Springs.	Krotz Springs Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Glinik (ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡlinik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nowy Glinik	Gmina Tarnowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is a municipal corporation and the headquarters of Vijayawada (urban) mandal in Krishna district of the state.	Vijayawada	Krishna district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Hay-e Soleymanabad Hur (Persian: موتورهاي سليمان ابادحور‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hāy-e Soleymānābād Ḩūr; also known as Soleymānābād) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hay-e Soleymanabad Hur	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garzewko (ɡaˈʐɛfkɔ) (German: Neu Garschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Garzewko	Gmina Jonkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Ot (Romansh: ``high peak'') is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located west of Samedan in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Ot	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dłusko Gryfińskie (ˈdwuskɔ ɡrɨˈfiɲskʲɛ) (German Linde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dłusko Gryfińskie	Gmina Banie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freehold Raceway is a half-mile racetrack in Freehold Borough, New Jersey, and is the oldest racetrack in the United States.	Freehold Raceway	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Snoring (archaic English: Snoring Magna) is a rural village in North Norfolk by the River Stiffkey, in the east of England.	Great Snoring	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutki-Krupy (ˈrutki ˈkrupɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rutki-Krupy	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	CBKA-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting the CBC Radio One network at 105.9 FM in La Ronge, Saskatchewan.	CBKA-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poltegor Centre (formerly Poltegor) was the highest building in Wrocław.	Poltegor Centre	Wrocław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gassol is a Local Government Area in Taraba State, Nigeria.	Gassol	Taraba State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westford Town Farm is a historic poor farm at 35 Town Farm Road in Westford, Massachusetts.	Westford Town Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château Rothschild is a historic château in Boulogne-Billancourt near Paris, France.	Château Rothschild	Boulogne-Billancourt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikanów (miˈkanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mikanów	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockwood Institution is a federal minimum-security facility located in the community of Stony Mountain, Rural Municipality of Rockwood, Manitoba, about 11 mi (18 km) from Winnipeg.	Rockwood Institution	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalemouth Suspension Bridge is a suspension bridge at Kalemouth in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, near the B6401.	Kalemouth Suspension Bridge	Scottish Borders	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camden Catholic High School (CCHS) is a four-year comprehensive private coeducational Roman Catholic high school, located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, in the Philadelphia metropolitan area and serving students from the Camden County area.	Camden Catholic High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Island 28 is a Mi'kmaq First Nation reserve on Indian Island in Canada located in Kent County, New Brunswick.	Indian Island 28	Kent County, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcówka (marˈt͡sufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Marcówka	Gmina Zembrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fir Park Stadium is a football stadium situated in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Fir Park	Motherwell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Mountain State Park is a South Carolina state park located in the Piedmont region of South Carolina.	Kings Mountain State Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laerru (Sardinian: Laìrru) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Sassari.	Laerru	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tianyuan Subdistrict (Chinese: 天苑街道) is a township-level division of Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Tianyuan Subdistrict	Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Echimamish River is a river bifurcation in northern Manitoba Canada.	Echimamish River	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezab (Persian: دزآب‎, also Romanized as Dezāb) is a city in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dezab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Minschun is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, overlooking Scuol in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Minschun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchin-e Olya (Persian: پرچين عليا‎, also Romanized as Parchīn-e ``Olyā; also known as Parchīn-e Bālā) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 345, in 54 families.	Parchin-e Olya	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood-Tikchik State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Alaska north of Dillingham.	Wood-Tikchik State Park	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Yasinski is a lake in western Quebec, Canada, 80 kilometres east of James Bay.	Lake Yasinski	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Nur ol Din (Persian: شاه نورالدين‎, also Romanized as Shāh Nūr ol Dīn and Shāh Nūr od Dīn) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shah Nur ol Din	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieża (ˈvjɛʐa) (German: Wiesa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wieża	Gmina Gryfów Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werken is a small village in Kortemark, a part of West Flanders, Belgium.	Werken	Kortemark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Kalnicka (ˈkɛmpa kalˈnit͡ska) (German Wilhelmsthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kępa Kalnicka	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George and John R. Hunt Memorial Building, often referred to as just the Hunt Memorial Building, is the former Ellenville, New York, USA, public library.	George and John R. Hunt Memorial Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszkówek (ɡɔʂˈkuvɛk) (formerly German Gräfendorf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Goszkówek	Gmina Mieszkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michatun (Persian: ميچاتون‎, also Romanized as Mīchātūn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Michatun	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wantage Hall, built 1908, is the oldest hall of residence at the University of Reading, in Reading, Berkshire, England.	Wantage Hall	Reading
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansdowne High School (LHS), formerly known as Lansdowne Sr. High School, and currently known as the Lansdowne High School Academy for Advanced Professional Studies, is a four-year public high school in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.	Lansdowne High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matton Shipyard is a historic shipyard and canal boat service yard located on Van Schaick Island at Cohoes in Albany County, New York.	Matton Shipyard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nevada County Air Park (ICAO: KGOO, FAA LID: GOO, formerly O17) is a county-owned public use airport in Nevada County, California, United States.	Nevada County Air Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maków-Kolonia (ˈmakuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Maków-Kolonia	Gmina Maków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Carrock is a village and civil parish on the B6413 road, in the City of Carlisle District, in the English county of Cumbria about 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Brampton.	Castle Carrock	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mannofield is an affluent, middle class area of Aberdeen, Scotland.	Mannofield	Aberdeen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Varcheh (Persian: امامزاده ورچه‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Varcheh; also known as Imāmzādeh Warcheh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Varcheh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sparreholm is a locality situated in Flen Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 741 inhabitants in 2010.	Sparreholm	Flen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskivang (Persian: اسكيونگ‎, also Romanized as Eskīvang, Eskayūnak, Eskioonag, Eskīūnak, and Eskīvank; also known as Eskībang and Iskībang) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eskivang	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twistetal is a community in Waldeck-Frankenberg in northwest Hesse, Germany, southwest of Bad Arolsen.	Twistetal	Waldeck-Frankenberg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darenjan-e Lor (Persian: دارنجان لر‎, also Romanized as Dārenjān-e Lor and Dārenjān Lor; also known as Darenjan and Dārenjānlū) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darenjan-e Lor	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paranavaí is located in a rich Northwest part of the state of Paraná and has a population of 105,470 (IBGE, 2015).	Paranavaí	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firuzabad-e Sofla (Persian: فيروزابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Soflá; also known as Fīrūzābād-e Pā’īn and Fīrūzābād Pā’īn) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Firuzabad-e Sofla	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selegas, Sèligas in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Cagliari.	Selegas	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falwell Airport (FAA W24) is a private airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of downtown Lynchburg, Virginia, USA.	Falwell Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgewater Beach Hotel was a resort hotel complex in the far-north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois, designed by Benjamin H. Marshall and Charles E. Fox.	Edgewater Beach Hotel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łoje-Awissa (ˈwɔjɛ aˈvissa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łoje-Awissa	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liaozhong District (simplified Chinese: 辽中区; traditional Chinese: 遼中區; pinyin: Liáozhōng Qū) is under the administration of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Liaozhong District	Shenyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myszowice (mɨʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Myszowice	Gmina Korfantów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabełków (zaˈbɛu̯kuf) (formerly German Zabelkau, 1936--1945: Schurgersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border.	Zabełków	Gmina Krzyżanowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverpeffer was a hamlet that once existed in Angus, Scotland until around 1941, when it was demolished during the building of East Haven airfield.	Inverpeffer	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazhi Karan (Persian: كژي كران‎, also Romanized as Kazhī Karān; also known as Kazhi Garan and Qāzī Karān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kazhi Karan	Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City, United States (following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan), and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn.	Downtown Brooklyn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deymeskan (Persian: ديمسكان‎, also Romanized as Deymeskān and Dīmeskān) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deymeskan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanak Rural District (Persian: دهستان ونك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vanak Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smathers Beach is the largest public beach in Key West, Florida, United States.	Smathers Beach	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLWL (770 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an urban oldies music format with an emphasis on beach music that is licensed to Rockingham, North Carolina, USA.	WLWL	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydney Park is a large recreational area in the inner-city area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Sydney Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	In its Spanish section, the Douro crosses the great Castilian meseta and meanders through five provinces of the autonomous community of Castile and León:	Douro	Castile and León
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ned Lake (or sometimes called Lake Ned) is a natural freshwater lake in eastern Winter Haven, Florida.	Ned Lake	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowshank is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, close to the A7, beside the Gala Water.	Bowshank	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mendive (Basque: Mendibe) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Mendive	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Dakota Highway 377 (SD 377) is a 2-mile-long (3.2 km) state route that runs entirely within Jackson County, South Dakota.	South Dakota Highway 377	Jackson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazzorca is Mexico City's most prominent dedicated free jazz and experimental music venue, founded by multi-instrumentalist Germán Bringas in 1994.	Jazzorca	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gross Windgällen is a 3,187 m high mountain in the Glarus Alps, overlooking the valley of the Reuss in the canton of Uri.	Gross Windgällen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osgoode Hall is a landmark building in downtown Toronto constructed between 1829 and 1832 in the late Georgian Palladian and Neoclassical styles.	Osgoode Hall	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen City Hotel was constructed in 1871 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) in Cumberland, Maryland to serve both as a train station and as a destination.	Queen City Hotel	Cumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadmeadow Locomotive Depot (NSW depot number 2) was a large locomotive depot consisting of two roundhouse buildings and associated facilities constructed by the New South Wales Government Railways adjacent to the marshalling yard on the Main Northern line at Broadmeadow.	Broadmeadow Locomotive Depot	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Island City High School, commonly abbreviated L.I.C. or LICHS, is a public high school in New York City, located in Long Island City in the borough of Queens.	Long Island City High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bachman and Forry Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Columbia in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Bachman and Forry Tobacco Warehouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Somalia (Somali: Villa Soomaaliya, Arabic: فيلا الصومال‎) is a building in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.	Villa Somalia	Mogadishu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgewood Academy is a non-profit non-sectarian independent school located in Elmore, Alabama.	Edgewood Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elsinore Arch (also known as Elsinore Tower) is a registered historic structure in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on March 3, 1980.	Elsinore Arch	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeźmierowo (pʂɛʑmjɛˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przeźmierowo	Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heyrat (Persian: حيرت‎, also Romanized as Ḩeyrat; also known as Ḩeyrat Kojūr) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Heyrat	Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moharrum Zumeh (Persian: محروم زومه‎, also Romanized as Moḩarrūm Zūmeh; also known as Moḩarram Zūmeh) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Moharrum Zumeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anse-à-Galets (Haitian Creole: Ansagalèt) is a commune in the La Gonâve Arrondissement, an island of Haiti located to the west-northwest of Port-au-Prince in the Gulf of Gonâve, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Anse-à-Galets	La Gonâve Arrondissement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grey Highlands Secondary School is a Grade 9-12 high school located in Flesherton, Ontario, Canada, in rural Grey County.	Grey Highlands Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knœringue (Alemannic German: Knehrige; German: Knöringen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Knœringue	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nova Iguaçu Volcano (``Vulcão de Nova Iguaçu'' in Portuguese) is located in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in an area of volcanic rocks at the north-eastern border of the Mendanha massif.	Nova Iguaçu Volcano	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanuabada is a coastal village in Papua New Guinea located on the outskirts of the nation's capital, Port Moresby.	Hanuabada	Port Moresby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinery Station, or The Pinery, was built as a relay station on the Butterfield Overland Mail stagecoach route, located at the crest of Guadalupe Pass in what is now Guadalupe Mountains National Park in the U.S. state of Texas.	Pinery Station	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George V. Doughty House and Garage are a historic house and garage located northeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States.	George V. Doughty House and Garage	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tamms Correctional Center is a closed Illinois Department of Corrections prison located in Tamms, Illinois.	Tamms Correctional Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norrmén house, also known as the Norrmén castle and palace, was a red brick residential house representing the neo-renaissance architecture, situated for 63 years in Katajanokka, Helsinki, Finland, opposite the Uspenski Cathedral.	Norrmén house	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wieners Circle is a hot dog stand in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	The Wieners Circle	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murmansk Oblast (Russian: Му́рманская о́бласть, tr. Murmanskaya oblast; IPA: (ˈmurmənskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast), located in the northwestern part of Russia.	Murmansk Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum Sang Nila Utama is a heritage museum in Pekanbaru, Indonesia.	Museum Sang Nila Utama	Pekanbaru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khuniq (Persian: خونيق‎, also Romanized as Khūnīq and Khownyaq; also known as Kūtīyeh) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khuniq	Goyjah Bel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allegheny College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college in northwestern Pennsylvania in the town of Meadville, approximately 35 miles (56 km) south of Erie.	Allegheny College	Meadville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jandakot Airport (IATA: JAD, ICAO: YPJT) is an Australian general aviation airport located in Jandakot, Western Australia.	Jandakot Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coquitlam Lake is a reservoir located just north of Coquitlam, British Columbia.	Coquitlam Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is recorded that the Lord of Copmanthorpe Manor was an Anglo-Saxon, named Gospatrick, at the time of the Norman invasion of England.	Copmanthorpe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slup (German Zulb) is a village and municipality (obec) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Slup	Znojmo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clacton-on-Sea is the largest town in the Tendring peninsula and district in Essex, England, and was founded as an urban district in 1871.	Clacton-on-Sea	Tendring
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisabad (Persian: سيس اباد‎, also Romanized as Sīsābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sisabad	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Mulid (Persian: چشمه موليد‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Mūlīd; also known as Cheshmeh and Chashmeh) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Mulid	Alqurat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bulkley Valley is located in the northwest Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Bulkley Valley	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eglwys Brewis is a village in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales.	Eglwys Brewis	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waknaghat is a small town in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh which falls on the way to Shimla, India from Kalka, India.	Waknaghat	Solan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Alexander Classical School, today Alexander Town Hall, is located on Buffalo Street in Alexander, New York, United States.	Alexander Classical School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockwood Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library, located in Portland, Oregon.	Rockwood Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Minatare Lighthouse is a historic mock lighthouse located on Lake Minatare near the city of Scottsbluff in Nebraska.	Lake Minatare Lighthouse	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marion Military Institute, often abbreviated with the initialism MMI, is the official state military college of Alabama.	Marion Military Institute	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasne Pole (ˈkrasnɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (Czech: Krásné Loučky, German: Schönwiese) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Krasne Pole	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Élan School was a private, coeducational, controversial residential behavior modification program and therapeutic boarding school (beginning with 8th grade and extending beyond high school completion) in Poland, Androscoggin County, Maine.	Élan School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	D'Herbomez Creek is a creek in eastern Mission, British Columbia, flowing southeast to join the Fraser River at the Pekw'Xe:yles Indian Reserve (formerly the grounds of St. Mary's Indian Residential School).	D'Herbomez Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salem-Auburn Streets Historic District is a residential historic district at Salem and Auburn Streets in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Salem-Auburn Streets Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newhaven Sanctuary lies 363 kilometres north-west of Alice Springs at the junction of three distinct bioregions: the Great Sandy Desert, MacDonnell Ranges and Burt Plain in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Newhaven Sanctuary	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seth Grove Stadium is a stadium on the campus of Shippensburg University in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania.	Seth Grove Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dotma (Assamese: দতমা) is a village on a flat plain within the District of Kokrajhar in the state of Assam, North East India.	Dotma	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białojany (bjawɔˈjanɨ) (German: Biallojahnen (1938-45:Weißhagen)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białojany	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lonely Lakes are located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana.	Lonely Lakes	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galguduud (Somali: Galgaduud, Arabic: جلجدود‎) is an administrative region (gobol) in central Somalia.	Galguduud	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holmes-Shannon House is a Craftsman style home with Tudor influences, built in 1911 in the Victoria Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Holmes-Shannon House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Potrero de San Carlos was a 4,307-acre (17.43 km2) Mexican land grant in present day Monterey County, California given in 1837 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to Fructuoso del Real, an Indian.	Rancho Potrero de San Carlos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasvåg is a seaside village on the peninsula of Hasvågøya in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.	Hasvåg	Flatanger
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breil-sur-Roya (Italian: Breglio or Breglio sul Roia, Occitan: Brei o Brelh de Ròia, Ligurian: Breggio) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	Breil-sur-Roya	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zion Elementary School District 6 is an Illinois school district serving Zion, Lake County.	Zion Elementary School District 6	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sgt. Alvin C. York State Historic Park is a state park in Pall Mall, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Sgt. Alvin C. York State Historic Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Zachary Taylor was a military training camp in Louisville, Kentucky.	Camp Zachary Taylor	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tapilkajmy (tapʲilˈkai̯mɨ) (German: Tappelkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Tapilkajmy	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Near Westside Historic District is a national historic district located at Elmira in Chemung County, New York.	Near Westside Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mondan (Persian: مندان‎, also Romanized as Mondān) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mondan	Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comelico Superiore (Ladin: Cumelgu d Sora) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) north of Venice and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Belluno, on the border with Austria.	Comelico Superiore	Province of Belluno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolphin Mall is a shopping mall in Sweetwater, Florida west of Doral and Miami.	Dolphin Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dean Creek Wildlife Area (or Dean Creek Elk Viewing Area) is a wildlife management area located near Reedsport, Oregon, United States.	Dean Creek Wildlife Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morean Arts Center (formerly known as The Arts Center) in St. Petersburg, Florida displays works by local, national and international artists.	Morean Arts Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhor ( pronunciation ) is a city and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Bhor	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Rezaabad (Persian: شاه رضااباد‎‎, also Romanized as Shāh Rez̤āābād) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shah Rezaabad	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield State University (also known as ``'Westfield State''' and formerly known as Westfield State College) is a comprehensive, coeducational, four-year public university in Westfield, Massachusetts.	Westfield State University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morgan Block is a historic commercial block at 313-333 Bridge Street (facing Stearns Park) in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Morgan Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katwijk ( pronunciation ) is a coastal municipality and town in the province of South Holland, which is situated in the mid-western part of the Netherlands.	Katwijk	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proserpine State High School (established in 1963) is a public High School in the town of Proserpine in Queensland, Australia.	Proserpine State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trevalga (Cornish: Trevelgi) is a coastal civil parish and village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trevalga	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bednarki (bɛdˈnarki) (German: Bednarken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bednarki	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The headquarters of Greater Grace World Outreach is currently located at its megachurch in Baltimore, Maryland.	Greater Grace World Outreach	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anchiano is a hamlet near Vinci, in the hills of Tuscany in the province of Florence.	Anchiano	Tuscany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narasimharajapura is a panchayat town and taluk headquarters in Chikkamagaluru district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Narasimharajapura	Chikkamagaluru district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharansky District (Russian: Шара́нский райо́н; Bashkir: Шаран районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifty-four in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.	Sharansky District	Republic of Bashkortostan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murphysboro Elks Lodge, also known as Murphysboro Event Center, is a historic meeting hall and former Elks lodge in Murphysboro, Illinois.	Murphysboro Elks Lodge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horben Castle (German: Schloss Horben) is a castle in the municipality of Beinwil (Freiamt) in the canton of Aargau.	Horben Castle	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isle Brewers is a village and parish in Somerset, England, situated on the River Isle 7 miles (11.3 km) south east of Taunton in the South Somerset district.	Isle Brewers	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flathead National Forest is a national forest in the western part of the U.S. state of Montana.	Flathead National Forest	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battle railway station is on the Hastings Line in East Sussex in England, and serves the town of Battle.	Battle railway station	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chirala ( pronunciation ) is a town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chirala	Prakasam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philip A. Hart Plaza in downtown Detroit, is a city plaza along the Detroit River.	Philip A. Hart Plaza	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malynyshche (Ukrainian: Малинище) is a village (selo) in Brody Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Malynyshche	Brody Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Cone is a mountain located 6 km (4 mi) north of Tofino and 7 km (4 mi) northwest of Mount Colnett on the western peninsula of Meares Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Lone Cone	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Carey University is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi in the United States, affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention and the Mississippi Baptist Convention.	William Carey University	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Times Square Building, formerly the Times Building, is a registered landmark building in Seattle, Washington.	Times Square Building	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gloucester National Park is a national park in Western Australia, 281 km south of Perth and about 3 km from Pemberton.	Gloucester National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Macquarie Airport (formerly Belmont Airport) (IATA: BEO, ICAO: YLMQ) is an airfield located in the Lake Macquarie suburb of Pelican, 15 km (9.3 mi) south of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Lake Macquarie Airport	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Australia 108 (previously 70 Southbank Boulevard) is a residential supertall skyscraper currently under construction in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Australia 108	Melbourne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gaithersburg Latitude Observatory, in Gaithersburg, Maryland is one of the system of six International Latitude Observatories and (as of 2007) the only National Historic Landmark in Gaithersburg, Maryland.	Gaithersburg Latitude Observatory	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berthold Public School Arboretum is an arboretum on school grounds in Berthold, North Dakota.	Berthold Public School Arboretum	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaman Zar-e Sofla (Persian: چمنزارسفلي‎, Sorani Kurdish: چێمەنزاری خوارو, also Romanized as Chaman Zār-e Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Nezār-e Soflá and Sorkheh Tūt) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaman Zar-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Bain is a river in Lincolnshire, England, and a tributary of the River Witham.	River Bain	Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stafford Springs, Mississippi is an unincorporated community located in Jasper County, Mississippi, United States, along U.S. Route 11.	Stafford Springs, Mississippi	Jasper County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boz Rud Pey (Persian: بزرودپي‎, also Romanized as Boz Rūd Pey) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Boz Rud Pey	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogilev District (Belarusian: Магілёўскі раён, Russian: Могилёвский район, Mahilyow Raion, Mogilyovsky Raion, Mogilevsky Raion) is a district (raion) in Mogilev Region, Belarus.	Mogilev District	Mogilev Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	InTech Collegiate High School, is located in North Logan, Utah, and is a STEM focused, early-college high school.	InTech Collegiate High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krewerd (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkreːʋərt); Gronings: Kraiwerd) is a village with a population of 90 in the municipality of Delfzijl in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Krewerd	Delfzijl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Bayat (Persian: كلاته بيات‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bayāt) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Bayat	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear River State Park is state-owned, public recreation area straddling the Bear River on the east side of the city of Evanston, Wyoming, in the United States.	Bear River State Park	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Starogrodzka (ˈvɔla starɔˈɡrɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Starogrodzka	Gmina Parysów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chunchenan (Persian: چونچنان‎, also Romanized as Chūnchenān and Chūnechenān; also known as Bandar-e Chūnchenān, Chunchunīān, Chūnehchenān, Chyunchunchian, and Sheylāt-e Chūnechenān) is a village in Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chunchenan	Aliabad-e Ziba Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marechal Floriano is the capital of a municipality of the same name, in the state of Espírito Santo, Brazil.	Marechal Floriano	Espírito Santo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA) is a modern art museum located in San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Museum of Modern Art	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansureh-ye Kanin (Persian: منصوره كنين‎, also Romanized as Manşūreh-ye Kanīn; also known as Manşūreh-ye Fāẕel) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mansureh-ye Kanin	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The County of Nairn was a general purpose county of Scotland, with the burgh of Nairn as the county town, until 1975, when, under the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973, the county area became one of the eight districts of the two-tier Highland region.	County of Nairn	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowich Lake is a lake located in the northwestern corner of Mount Rainier National Park in Washington State at an elevation of 4,929 feet (1,502 m).	Mowich Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaguaquara is a municipality with a population of 51.019 residents, in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.	Jaguaquara	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Carbine Tableland is a plateau in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mount Carbine Tableland	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	French Meadows Reservoir is a manmade lake 36 miles (58 km) northeast of Foresthill, California United States on the Middle Fork of the American River.	French Meadows Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The SeaCity Museum is a museum in Southampton, England, which opened on 10 April 2012 to mark the centenary of RMS Titanic's departure from the city.	SeaCity Museum	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crocker-McMillin Mansion-Immaculate Conception Seminary is a historic seminary in Mahwah, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Crocker-McMillin Mansion-Immaculate Conception Seminary	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haviq District (Persian: بخش حویق‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Haviq District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salim Sarai (Persian: سليم سرايي‎, also Romanized as Salīm Sarā’ī) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Salim Sarai	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samraong Tong District (Khmer: ស្រុកសំរោងទូង) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.	Samraong Tong District	Kampong Speu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Lane Day School, located in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, was an independent school founded in 1916 which served preschool and elementary-aged children, which also operated an eight-week children's camp program in the summer.	Oak Lane Day School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tiwi Islands are part of the Northern Territory, Australia, 80 km to the north of Darwin where the Arafura Sea joins the Timor Sea.	Tiwi Islands	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crack in the Ground is a volcanic fissure over two miles (3 km) long and up to 70 feet (21 m) deep in central Oregon, United States.	Crack in the Ground	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Vahdat-e Yek (Persian: تلمبه وحدت 1‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Vaḥdat-e Yek) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Vahdat-e Yek	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delbert and Ora Chipman House on E. Main St. in American Fork, Utah was built c.1870s but was extensively renovated and enlarged during approximately 1930-1934.	Delbert and Ora Chipman House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukla Bagh (Persian: توكل باغ‎, also Romanized as Tūḵla Bāgh) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tukla Bagh	Dughayi Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmes County High School is a public school on State Road 90 in Bonifay, Florida, in Holmes County.	Holmes County High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presteigne (/prɛˈstiːn/; Welsh: Llanandras (the church of St. Andrew)) is a town and community in Powys, Wales.	Presteigne	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodange (German: Rodingen) is a town in the commune of Pétange, in south-western Luxembourg.	Rodange	Pétange
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New England Telephone Building is a historic utility building at 10 Merrymount Road in Quincy, Massachusetts.	New England Telephone Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJNN-LP (94.3 FM, ``Radio 74'') is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Holbrook, Arizona.	KJNN-LP	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKEA (1420 AM) is a radio station located in Honolulu, Hawaii.	KKEA	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond's Green or Richmonds Green is a hamlet in the Uttlesford District, in the English county of Essex.	Richmond's Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madeira School is a private, non-denominational college-preparatory boarding school for girls located in McLean, Virginia, United States.	Madeira School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waseca Municipal Airport (ICAO: KACQ, FAA LID: ACQ) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) west of the central business district of Waseca, in Waseca County, Minnesota, United States.	Waseca Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ozette River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington.	Ozette River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artichoke Lake is a lake in Big Stone and Swift counties, Minnesota, in the United States.	Artichoke Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cemetery Bluff District, on Cemetery Rd. in Natchez, Mississippi, is a 120-acre (49 ha) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.	Cemetery Bluff District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phare de Nividic is one of three major lightouses on Ouessant in Brittany.	Phare de Nividic	Ouessant
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minot Public Library is a public library located in Minot, North Dakota at the western edge of Downtown Minot on Second Avenue SW.	Minot Public Library	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hall is a small lake located in central Leon County, Florida, USA.	Lake Hall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peninsula Lake is a mid-sized cold-water lake located just east of Huntsville, Ontario.	Peninsula Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center (Arabic: مركز دار الهجرة الاسلامي‎, English: Land of Migration) is an open mosque in Northern Virginia.	Dar Al-Hijrah	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar-e Golaban (Persian: چنارگل ابان‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e Golābān; also known as Golābān-e Do, Chenār-e Golābān-e Do, and Nūshād Golābān-e Yeḵ) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar-e Golaban	Veysian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tookes House (also known as the Tookes Hotel) is a historic 11 bedroom home in Tallahassee, Florida, United States.	Tookes House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seydi (Persian: صيدي‎, also Romanized as Şeydī, Şayādī, and Şayyādī; also known as Şeyd and Şayyād) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Seydi	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemblington is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, about 8 miles (13 km) miles east of Norwich.	Hemblington	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Rocks National Reserve, also known as the Silent City of Rocks, is a United States National Reserve and state park lying 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the south central Idaho border with Utah.	City of Rocks National Reserve	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podol (Persian: پدل‎) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Podol	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Convento de los Agustinos is one of the most important monuments of Huécija municipality in the province of Almeria in Andalusia, Spain.	Convento de los Agustinos	Huécija	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narela sub-city is a tehsil, located in the North West Delhi district of NCT of Delhi, and forms the border of the Delhi state with Haryana.	Narela	North West Delhi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patapsco Valley State Park is a Maryland state park extending along 32 miles (51 km) of the Patapsco River to the south and west of the city of Baltimore.	Patapsco Valley State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred Douglass House was a historic house at 76 Fernwood Road in Brookline, Massachusetts, United States.	Alfred Douglass House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	MGM Grand Atlantic City was a planned resort casino by MGM Mirage in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	MGM Grand Atlantic City	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuantong Temple (simplified Chinese: 圆通寺; traditional Chinese: 圓通寺; pinyin: Yuántōng Sì) is the most famous Buddhist temple in Kunming, Yunnan province, China.	Yuantong Temple	Kunming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haystack Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Haystack Observatory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanaj (Persian: سناج‎, also Romanized as Sanāj and Senāj; also known as Sināj) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sanaj	Khorram Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozminan (Persian: بزمينان‎, also Romanized as Bozmīnān; also known as Bozmenān and Nīrmīnān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bozminan	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabzabad-e Sofla (Persian: سبزابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sabzābād-e Soflá; also known as Sabzābād and Sabzābād-e Kūchek) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sabzabad-e Sofla	Tombi Golgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hantsport is a Canadian community located in Hants County, Nova Scotia.	Hantsport	Hants County, Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olsztyn is the capital of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, and is a city with powiat rights.	Olsztyn	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel H. and William T. Caswell Houses are two historic homes in downtown Austin, Texas completed near the turn of the 20th century.	Daniel H. and William T. Caswell Houses	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wawakapewin First Nation (Oji-Cree: ᐙᐙᑲᐯᐎᐣ ᓂᐢᑕᒼ ᐊᓂᐦᔑᓂᓂᐙᐟ (Waawaagabewin Nistam Anishininiwaad); unpointed: ᐗᐗᑲᐯᐎᐣ ᓂᐢᑕᒼ ᐊᓂᔑᓂᓂᐗᐟ) is an Oji-Cree First Nation reserve located 350 kilometers north of Sioux Lookout, Ontario.	Wawakapewin First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adirondack Hotel is a hotel in Long Lake, New York, located on New York State Route 30.	Adirondack Hotel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Gray is a Catholic summer camp and retreat center located in Reedsburg, Wisconsin.	Camp Gray	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teiuș (Romanian pronunciation: (teˈjuʃ), German: Dreikirchen, Dornstadt; Hungarian: Tövis) is a town in Alba County, Romania, near the junction between the Stremț/Geoagiului Creek and the Mureș River, with a population of 7,284 inhabitants.	Teiuș	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Como Zoo was the first zoo established in Minnesota.	Como Zoo	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuuk Center, also shortened NC, is a shopping mall located in Nuuk, Greenland.	Nuuk Center	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravel Island National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located off the Door Peninsula in Wisconsin.	Gravel Island National Wildlife Refuge	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Fremantle Oval (known under a sponsorship agreement as Atom Stadium and nicknamed ``Shark Park'',) is an Australian rules football ground located in East Fremantle, Western Australia.	East Fremantle Oval	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tantima is a municipality located in the montane central zone in the State of Veracruz, about 220 km from state capital Xalapa.	Tantima	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Großbottwar (or Grossbottwar) is a town in the Ludwigsburg district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Großbottwar	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liminka (Swedish: Limingo) is a municipality in the Northern Ostrobothnia region, in the province of Oulu, in Finland.	Liminka	Northern Ostrobothnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Amir Rural District (Persian: دهستان حصارامير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Amir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Paul's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic congregation in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	St. Paul's Basilica	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pueblo Memorial Airport (IATA: PUB, ICAO: KPUB, FAA LID: PUB) is a public airport six miles east of Pueblo, in Pueblo County, Colorado.	Pueblo Memorial Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jesse Knight House, also known as the Knight Mansion, was a house built for Jesse Knight, located in Provo, Utah.	Jesse Knight House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahale Mountain is a jagged, glaciated mountain, in North Cascades National Park, in northern Washington state.	Sahale Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qahej-e Pain (Persian: قهيج پايين‎, also Romanized as Qahej-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Qahej-e Pain	Kharqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heilbron House is a historic mansion in Downtown Sacramento, California.	Heilbron House	Sacramento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellen Wilkinson High School was housed, until it closed in 2000, in a Grade II* listed building in Ardwick, Manchester, England, designed in 1879--80 by the prolific Manchester architect Thomas Worthington.	Ellen Wilkinson High School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monymusk (Scottish Gaelic: Monadh Musga) is a planned village in the Marr area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Monymusk	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shahid Shiroudi Stadium (Persian: ورزشگاه شهید شیرودی‎‎) formerly known as Amjadiyeh Stadium is a sports stadium in Tehran, Iran, currently used only for Athletic competitions.	Shahid Shiroudi Stadium	Tehran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaqa Deh (Persian: چقاده‎, also Romanized as Chaqā Deh; also known as Cheqādeh and Chighadeh) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District, Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chaqa Deh	Vandadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rönneholm Castle (Swedish: Rönneholms slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Rönneholm Castle	Eslöv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Café Josty was a Berlin café located on the Potsdamer Platz.	Café Josty	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coen River is a river located in the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland, Australia.	Coen River	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardangah (Persian: گردنگاه‎, also Romanized as Gardangāh; also known as Gardanga, Gardenak, and Gerdang) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gardangah	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blyford (Blythford) is a village and civil parish in the Waveney district of Suffolk, England, about 3 miles (5 km) east of Halesworth and separated from Wenhaston by the River Blyth, Suffolk to the south.	Blyford	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nankai District (simplified Chinese: 南开区; traditional Chinese: 南開區; pinyin: Nánkāi Qū) is a district of Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Nankai District	Tianjin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Guadalupe Trappist Abbey is a monastery in a rural area of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Our Lady of Guadalupe Trappist Abbey	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandial is a village in the commune of Enampore, Nyassia Arrondissement, Ziguinchor Department in the Ziguinchor Region of Senegal.	Bandial	Enampore
located in the administrative territorial entity	388 Greenwich Street, originally called the Shearson Lehman Plaza, and more recently the Travelers Building, is a skyscraper located at 388 Greenwich Street, with facings on N. Moore and West Streets, in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	388 Greenwich Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narki (Persian: نركي‎, also Romanized as Narkī) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Narki	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moodna Creek is a small tributary of the Hudson River that drains eastern Orange County, New York.	Moodna Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubierzyn (luˈbjɛʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubierzyn	Gmina Tuchola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karamahi (Persian: كرماهي‎, also Romanized as Karamāhī) is a village in Bajgan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karamahi	Bajgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byrd Polar and Climate Research Center (BPCRC) is a polar, alpine, and climate research center at The Ohio State University founded in 1960.	Byrd Polar and Climate Research Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mueang Chi (Thai: เหมืองจี้) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 9298 people.	Mueang Chi	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maylandsea, and the adjacent Mayland, are villages on the Dengie peninsula in the English county of Essex.	Maylandsea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Lombardia (``Lombardy Building'') is a complex of buildings in Milan, Italy, including a 39-storey, 161.3 m (529 ft) tall skyscraper.	Palazzo Lombardia	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin Blythe Homestead, also known as Hazel Glen and Blythstead, is a historic home located at Shippensburg in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.	Benjamin Blythe Homestead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlin is a small town in south east Queensland, Australia.	Harlin	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Muntowska (ˈvɔla munˈtɔfska) (German: Muntowenwolla) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wola Muntowska	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dandalup River is one of the shortest rivers in Western Australia.	Dandalup River	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhibramau is a city with the status of ``Nagar Palika Parishad'' and a Subdivision of Kannauj district in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chhibramau	Kannauj district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Puritan House is a historic hotel building at 3 Washington Street and 2 Main Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Puritan House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sypitki (sɨˈpitki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sypitki	Gmina Kalinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Khaneh Sar-e Pain (Persian: چهارخانه سرپائين‎, also Romanized as Chahār Khāneh Sar-e Pā’īn; also known as Chahār Khāneh Sar) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chahar Khaneh Sar-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twijzel (West Frisian: Twizel) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands, with a population of around 1100.	Twijzel	Achtkarspelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murzynno (muˈʐɨnnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Murzynno	Gmina Gniewkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Praça Diogo de Vasconcelos or Praça da Savassi (Diogo de Vasconcelos Square or Savassi Square) is a public square of Savassi, in the city of Belo Horizonte.	Praça Diogo de Vasconcelos	Belo Horizonte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Issaquah Creek is a small stream flowing through the city of Issaquah and nearby communities, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Issaquah Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumeyri (Persian: توميري‎, also Romanized as Tūmeyrī; also known as Tomeyrī) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tumeyri	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elland is a market town in Calderdale, in the county of West Yorkshire, England.	Elland	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Khezran (Persian: پيرخضران‎, also Romanized as Pīr Kheẕrān) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Khezran	Kumasi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stumptown Wildlife Management Area is located in both Calhoun and Gilmer Counties near the community of Stumptown, West Virginia.	Stumptown Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sassafras Mountain is the highest point in the state of South Carolina, USA.	Sassafras Mountain	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oroqen Autonomous Banner (Mongolian: ᠣᠷᠴᠣᠨ ᠤ ᠥᠪᠡᠷᠲᠡᠭᠡᠨ ᠵᠠᠰᠠᠬᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Orčon-u öbertegen jasaqu qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 鄂伦春自治旗; pinyin: Èlúnchūn Zìzhìqí) is an autonomous banner that lies directly south of the urban district of Hailar in the prefecture-level city of Hulunbuir.	Oroqen Autonomous Banner	Hulunbuir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hastings Municipal Airport (IATA: HSI, ICAO: KHSI, FAA LID: HSI) is two miles northwest of Hastings in Adams County, Nebraska.	Hastings Municipal Airport	Adams County
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Cellular Coliseum is an arena in downtown Bloomington, Illinois that opened to the public on April 1, 2006.	U.S. Cellular Coliseum	Bloomington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potryty (pɔˈtrɨtɨ) (German Potritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Potryty	Gmina Jeziorany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burlingame-Noon House is an historic house built around 1800 at 3261 Mendon Rd in Cumberland, Rhode Island.	Burlingame-Noon House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villanova Monteleone (Sardinian: Biddanòa) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Sassari.	Villanova Monteleone	Province of Sassari
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Marcelino (Tagalog: Bayan ng San Marcelino; Ilokano: Ili ti San Marcelino) is a first class municipality in the province of Zambales, Philippines.	San Marcelino	Zambales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Rumunki ((ˈnɔvɛ ruˈmuŋki)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Rumunki	Gmina Łąck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Mountain House is a historic resort hotel on Carter Notch Road in Jackson, New Hampshire.	Eagle Mountain House	Jackson, New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głuszyca Górna (ɡwuˈʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna) (German: Oberwüstegiersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuszyca, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Głuszyca Górna	Gmina Głuszyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Starcevich Monument or Beaufort Australian Monument (Malay: Tugu Peringatan Starcevich or Tugu Peringatan Beaufort) is a monument in the town of Beaufort in Sabah, Malaysia dedicated to Tom Starcevich from the 9th Division Army of Australia during the reconquest of the town by the Allied forces on 28 June 1945.	Starcevich Monument	Beaufort
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rich-McCormick Woolen Factory is a historic woolen mill located at Dunnstable Township in Clinton County, Pennsylvania.	Rich-McCormick Woolen Factory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Fraser is the most elaborate Z-plan castle in Scotland and one of the grandest 'Castles of Mar'.	Castle Fraser	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartenberg-Münchfeld, colloquially known as HaMü, is the student quarter of Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hartenberg-Münchfeld	Mainz	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirk Field (ICAO: KPGR, FAA LID: PGR) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Paragould, in Greene County, Arkansas, United States.	Kirk Field	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Chul (Persian: چم چل‎, also Romanized as Cham Chūl) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Chul	Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liard Plain is a landform in far northern British Columbia, Canada.	Liard Plain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cholapandiyapuram (Tamil: சோழபாண்டியபுரம்) or Cholavandipuram or Cholapandipuram is a 1 sq. kilometre village in Tirukkoyilur (Tamil: திருக்கோயிலூர்) taluk in Villuppuram (Tamil: விழுப்புரம் ) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Cholapandiyapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cancún (/kɑːnˈkuːn/ or /kæn-/; Spanish pronunciation: (kaŋˈkun)) is a city in southeastern Mexico, located on the northeast coast of the Yucatán Peninsula in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo.	Cancún	Quintana Roo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wencl Kajer Farmstead is a historic farmhouse located in New Market, Minnesota.	Wencl Kajer Farmstead	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywe Koło (ˈkʂɨvɛ ˈkɔwɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzywe Koło	Gmina Suchy Dąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohrol (Persian: سهرل‎, also Romanized as Sahrol; also known as Sohreqeh, Sokhrul, and Sūhrul) is a village in Rudqat Rural District, Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sohrol	Rudqat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boundary Creek Wildlife Management Area at 1,405 acres (5.69 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Boundary County along the border with British Columbia, Canada.	Boundary Creek Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokiciny-Kolonia (rɔkiˈt͡ɕinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rokiciny-Kolonia	Gmina Rokiciny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xangri-lá is a Municipality located on the south coast of Brazil, in the state Rio Grande do Sul.	Xangri-lá	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Museum of the Keweenaw in Houghton, Michigan, is a non-collecting museum that houses changing exhibits about local cultural and natural history.	Carnegie Museum of the Keweenaw	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loro Piceno is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Ancona and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Macerata on a hill near the Fiastra stream.	Loro Piceno	Province of Macerata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Montalvo Oil Field is a large and productive oil field on the coast of Ventura County, California, in the United States, in and adjacent to the city of Oxnard.	West Montalvo Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asiyab-e Kohneh (Persian: آسیاب کهنه‎, also Romanized as Āsīyāb-e Kohneh; also known as Mollā Khaleyl) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Asiyab-e Kohneh	Tarq Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Shoqati (Persian: محمدشقاطي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Shoqāṭī) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Shoqati	Sorkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Natoma is an intermediate lake along the American River, located between Folsom Dam and Nimbus Dam in Sacramento County, in the U.S. state of California.	Lake Natoma	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annwood Park is an urban park in the East Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, owned and operated by the Cincinnati Park Board.	Annwood Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Holmwood is a residential area on the outskirts of Dorking, in Surrey, England.	North Holmwood	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Kalak (Persian: سراب كلك‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kalak) is a village in Gachi Rural District, Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Kalak	Gachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lockington Locks are a group of canal locks on the former Miami and Erie Canal in Lockington, Ohio, United States.	Lockington Locks	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razmejin (Persian: رازمجين‎, also Romanized as Rāzmejīn, Rāzmajīn, Rāzemajīn, and Rāẕmejīn; also known as Azmaḩīn, Mazārtajīn, Rāẕīmejīn, Riamagin, and Rizmagin) is a village in Darsajin Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Razmejin	Darsajin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northpoint Christian School (NCS) is a college preparatory school located in Southaven, Mississippi.	Northpoint Christian School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzierżążno Małe (d͡ʑɛrˈʐɔ̃ʐnɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dzierżążno Małe	Gmina Wieleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradlee School is a historic former school build at 147 Andover Street in the Ballardvale section of Andover, Massachusetts, United States.	Bradlee School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The NATO Satellite Ground Terminal Folly Lake, also known as SGT Folly Lake, is a now-decommissioned Canadian military satellite communications facility located in Wentworth, Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.	NATO Satellite Ground Terminal Folly Lake	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theater Lübeck (formerly Stage of the Hansestadt Lübeck, colloquially Stadttheater) is one of the largest theaters in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Theater Lübeck	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orland Buttes stand in the fields of the northern Central Valley of California.	Orland Buttes	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jang-e Chah (Persian: جنگ چاه‎, also Romanized as Jang-e Chāh; also known as Jang-e Jā) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jang-e Chah	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John G. Neihardt State Historic Site, also known as the Neihardt Center, is located in Bancroft, Nebraska, United States and features museum exhibits about Nebraska Poet Laureate John Neihardt.	John G. Neihardt State Historic Site	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazinaw Lake is a lake in the Addington Highlands north of Kaladar in Eastern Ontario.	Mazinaw Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrandsville Iron Furnace, also known as Lycoming Coal Co., is a historic iron furnace located at Colebrook Township in Clinton County, Pennsylvania about 6 miles northwest of Lock Haven.	Farrandsville Iron Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangeh-ye Do (Persian: تنگه دو‎) is a village in Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tangeh-ye Do	Bahmanshir-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes is a valley within Katmai National Park and Preserve in Alaska which is filled with ash flow from the eruption of Novarupta on June 6--8, 1912.	Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes	Katmai National Park and Preserve	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	MAST Academy is a magnet school under the governance of Miami-Dade County Public Schools.	MAST Academy	Miami-Dade County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Czarnockie (ˈbudɨ t͡ʂarˈnɔt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budy Czarnockie	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarvepalli is a village in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, India and the ancestral village of former Indian President Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.	Sarvepalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Barn, located in the village of Sevenoaks Weald, Kent, is a Grade II listed property and the former home of Vita Sackville-West and Harold Nicolson.	Long Barn	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norwegian Pharmacy Museum (Norsk Farmasihistorisk Museum) is located on Bygdøy in Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian Pharmacy Museum	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavasi Mahalleh (Persian: لواسي محله‎, also Romanized as Lavāsī Maḩalleh) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lavasi Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarke Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, is a rainforest-covered mountain range located in North Queensland, Australia.	Clarke Range	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle River High School (ERHS) is a public high school in Eagle River, a suburb of the city of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Eagle River High School	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miramichi railway station is located at 251 Station Street (near the terminus of George Street) in the city of Miramichi, New Brunswick, Canada.	Miramichi railway station	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annobór-Kolonia (anˈnɔbur kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Annobór-Kolonia	Gmina Lubartów
located in the administrative territorial entity	River East Transcona School Division (RETSD) is a school division located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	River East Transcona School Division	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 118 Greenwood Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a rare well-preserved example of a Stick-style house.	House at 118 Greenwood Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States National Arboretum is an arboretum in Washington, D.C., operated by the United States Department of Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service as a division of the Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center.	United States National Arboretum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghcheh Kharabeh (Persian: اغچه خرابه‎, also Romanized as Āghcheh Kharābeh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aghcheh Kharabeh	Kharqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentley University is a private co-educational university in Waltham, Massachusetts, 9 miles (14 km) west of Boston, focused on business.	Bentley University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyd County High School is a public high school located in Cannonsburg, Kentucky, an unincorporated community served by the Ashland post office.	Boyd County High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badreh District (Persian: بخش بدره‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Badreh District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starocin (staˈrɔt͡ɕin) (German: Reinland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Starocin	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skołoszów (skɔˈwɔʂuf) (Ukrainian: Сколошів, Skoloshiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Skołoszów	Gmina Radymno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village was named Pohoří na Šumavě in 1923 and nowadays is part of the municipality of Pohorská Ves.	Pohoří na Šumavě	Pohorská Ves
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pawtucket Public Library , formerly known as the Deborah Cook Sayles Public Library, is located at 13 Summer Street in Pawtucket, Rhode Island 02860.	Deborah Cook Sayles Public Library	Pawtucket
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zinjanab (Persian: زينجناب‎, also Romanized as Zīnjanāb; also known as Zanjenāb) is a village in Sard-e Sahra Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zinjanab	Sard-e Sahra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Short Hill Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Blue Ridge Mountains in northwest Loudoun County, Virginia.	Short Hill Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schmitz Park Creek is a stream in the West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA.	Schmitz Park Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 34 Benefit Street in Southbridge, Massachusetts is a modest factory worker's cottage built by the American Optical Company during a period of its expansion in the 1870s.	House at 34 Benefit Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cirque of the Towers is located in the Wind River Range Wyoming, U.S., part of which is in the Bridger Wilderness in Bridger-Teton National Forest, while the remainder is in the Popo Agie Wilderness in Shoshone National Forest.	Cirque of the Towers	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashi Rural District (Persian: دهستان كلاشي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalashi Rural District	Kalashi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Audyniszki (audɨˈniʂki) (German: Audinischken, from 1938-45 Hilpertswerder) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Audyniszki	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajzy (ˈsai̯zɨ) (German Zeysen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sajzy	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrixbourne is a rural English village south-east of Canterbury in Kent, mostly taken up by agricultural hills.	Patrixbourne	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nepean Point is a hill in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, overlooking the Ottawa River, Parliament, the Canadian Museum of History, and other features of downtown Ottawa and Gatineau.	Nepean Point	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altatu (Persian: التاتو‎, also Romanized as Altātū) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Altatu	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilique Notre-Dame de l'Épine (Basilica of Our Lady of the Thorn) is a Basilica in the small village of L'Épine, Marne, near Châlons-en-Champagne and Verdun.	Notre-Dame de l'Épine	L'Épine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California.	Mount Solomons	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Perry Airport (IATA: HWO, ICAO: KHWO, FAA LID: HWO) is a public airport located in the City of Pembroke Pines, 5 miles (8 km) west of the central business district of Hollywood, in Broward County, Florida, United States.	North Perry Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasht-e Rud (Persian: نشترود‎, also Romanized as Nasht-e Rūd and Nashest Rūd) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Nasht-e Rud	Adaran Rural District	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gare de Javel is a train station in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, by the Pont Mirabeau.	Gare de Javel	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Hanningfield is a small village in south Essex, England.	East Hanningfield	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Sharif, Zahedan (Persian: چاه شریف‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Sharif, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Khoshk (Persian: ده خشك‎, also Romanized as Dehkhoshk) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khoshk	Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	70 Mile House is situated on Highway 97 in the Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada.	70 Mile House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hankey Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the regional road R330, between Humansdorp and Hankey.	Hankey Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinclairsholm Castle (Swedish: Sinclairsholms slott) is a castle in Hässleholm Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Sinclairsholm Castle	Hässleholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Madre Mountain Wilderness Area consists of 47,180 acres (19,090 ha) covering a part of Clark County, Nevada, that lies just west of the city of Las Vegas, between that city and Mount Charleston.	La Madre Mountain Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schnait is a town district or Stadtteil within the town of Weinstadt (``Wine City'') in Rems-Murr district, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Schnait	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNTH (branded as 1070 The Answer) AM is a news/talk radio station serving the Houston, Texas metropolitan area.	KNTH	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dyck Arboretum of the Plains is a thirteen-acre (53,000 m²) botanical garden at Hesston College in Hesston, Kansas.	Dyck Arboretum of the Plains	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steilacoom Community Church is a Protestant church in Steilacoom, Washington, founded in 1883.	Steilacoom Community Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didar Qoli (Persian: ديدارقلي‎, also Romanized as Dīdār Qolī) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Didar Qoli	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kožuhe (Cyrillic: Кожухе) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kožuhe	Doboj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Tavayoj (Persian: ابوتويج‎, also Romanized as Abū Ţavayoj, Abū Ţavīj, Abū Ţovayyej, and Abū Ţoveyj) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Tavayoj	Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Seyyed Nezam (Persian: محمدابادسيدنظام‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed Neẓām; also known as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyed Neẓāmī) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Seyyed Nezam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blinów Drugi (ˈblinuf ˈdruɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Blinów Drugi	Gmina Szastarka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganllwyd is a small village and community in southern Gwynedd, Wales.	Ganllwyd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Catholic Preparatory School (MCPS) is a K-12 Catholic school in Montgomery, Alabama.	Montgomery Catholic Preparatory School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaj Bid-e Bala (Persian: كج بيدبالا‎, also Romanized as Kaj Bīd-e Bālā; also known as Kaj Bīd) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kaj Bid-e Bala	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churs Rural District (Persian: دهستان چورس‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Churs Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbabi-ye Sofla (Persian: اربابي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ārbābī-ye Soflá) is a village in Kavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Arbabi-ye Sofla	Kavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longshan County (simplified Chinese: 龙山县; traditional Chinese: 龍山縣; pinyin: Lóngshān Xiàn; literally: ``dragon mountain'') is under the administration of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Hunan province, China.	Longshan County	Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middlebrook Schools is a historic public school building complex located at Middlebrook, Augusta County, Virginia.	Middlebrook Schools	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irénée-Marie Ecological Reserve (French: Réserve écologique Irénée-Marie) is an ecological reserve in the unorganized territory of Rivière-de-la-Savane, in Mékinac Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, Canada.	Irénée-Marie Ecological Reserve	Rivière-de-la-Savane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brukalice (brukaˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Brukalice	Gmina Ziębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowlands is a hamlet at the head of Coombe Creek southeast of Playing Place in Cornwall, England.	Cowlands	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Casitas is a man-made lake in the Los Padres National Forest of Ventura County, California, created by the construction of Casitas Dam on Coyote Creek, two miles (3 km) before it joins the Ventura River.	Lake Casitas	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 136 Hampstead Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well-preserved rural Greek Revival farmhouse.	House at 136 Hampstead Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maćkowicze (mat͡ɕkɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Мацьковичі, Mats’kovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Maćkowicze	Gmina Mielnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mustang Mountains are a mountain range located in the southeast region of Arizona, are on the northwest side of Fort Huachuca.	Mustang Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcara li Fusi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Palermo and about 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of Messina.	Alcara li Fusi	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	J&L Tunnel is a tunnel on CSX Transportation's Pittsburgh Subdivision, at the former location of Jones and Laughlin Steel Company (now the SouthSide Works).	J&L Tunnel	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reservoir Avenue Sewage Pumping Station is an historic wastewater pumping facility on the south side of the junction of Reservoir and Pontiac Avenues in southern Providence, Rhode Island.	Reservoir Avenue Sewage Pumping Station	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wildenstein & Company Building is an edifice that stands at 19 East 64th Street, near Madison Avenue on Manhattan, New York City's Upper East Side.	Wildenstein & Company Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 169 (abbreviation: B169) is a German federal highway in Brandenburg and i Saxony.	Bundesstraße 169	Brandenburg	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farvar (Persian: فرور‎, also Romanized as Farvār) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Farvar	Lajran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Bank of Cambodia (NBC) (Khmer: ធនាគារជាតិនៃកម្ពុជា), located in Phnom Penh, is the central bank of Cambodia.	National Bank of Cambodia	Phnom Penh
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKRC-FM is a radio station in Weyburn, Saskatchewan, Canada that operates at 103.5 FM.	CKRC-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boysen Dam is a rockfill dam on the Wind River in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Boysen Dam	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szopowe (ʂɔˈpɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szopowe	Gmina Józefów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Rainier (pronounced: /reɪˈnɪər/), Mount Tacoma, or Mount Tahoma is the highest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest, and the highest mountain in the state of Washington.	Mount Rainier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimtah Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington, in a cirque to the west of Kimtah Peak and east of Cosho Peak.	Kimtah Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hulu Sungai Regency is one of the nine regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan.	North Hulu Sungai Regency	South Kalimantan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pritchard is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 34 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the City of Fairfield and is part of the South-western Sydney region.	Mount Pritchard	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	All communities on Rebun Island are part of the town of Rebun in Rebun District.	Rebun Island	Rebun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazi Kalayeh (Persian: قاضي كلايه‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Kalāyeh) is a village in Ziaran Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qazi Kalayeh	Ziaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangeneh-ye Bon Rud (Persian: زنگنه بنرود‎, also Romanized as Zangeneh-ye Bon Rūd; also known as Zangeneh) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zangeneh-ye Bon Rud	Arzhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Sal Mountains or La Sal Range are a mountain range located in Grand and San Juan counties, Utah along the Utah/Colorado border.	La Sal Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dugolbandeh (Persian: دوگل بنده‎, also Romanized as Dūgolbandeh; also known as Dogolbandeh) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dugolbandeh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Art International Radio was an online, non-profit cultural Internet radio station that was also home to the Clocktower Gallery an historic New York City alternative exhibition space.	Art International Radio	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Newburgh Presbyterian Church (also known as Newburgh Town Hall) is a historic church at N. State and W. Main Streets in Newburgh, Indiana.	Old Newburgh Presbyterian Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eberswalde Hauptbahnhof is historically the most important and now the only remaining station in the city of Eberswalde in the German state of Brandenburg.	Eberswalde Hauptbahnhof	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Noquebay is a large freshwater lake in northeastern Wisconsin.	Lake Noquebay	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louisa County Airport (IATA: LOW, ICAO: KLKU, FAA LID: LKU), also known as Freeman Field, is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Louisa, a town in Louisa County, Virginia, United States.	Louisa County Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kedington is a village located between Clare and Haverhill in south-west Suffolk.	Kedington	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutuleh Hasan (Persian: كوتوله حسن‎‎, also Romanized as Kūtūleh Hasan) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kutuleh Hasan	Gol Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabor (Persian: رابر‎‎, also Romanized as Rābor and Raber; also known as Rābur and Rāhbur) is a city in and the capital of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rabor	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Ursula Catholic School or Sekolah Menengah Katolik Santa Ursula is an all-girl Catholic school located in Jakarta, Indonesia.	St. Ursula Catholic School	Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbar Dasht (Persian: رودباردشت‎, also Romanized as Rūdbār Dasht) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rudbar Dasht	Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapadsberg Pass, (English: Wagon Tracks Mountain) is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, on the regional road R61, between Graaff-Reinet and Cradock, Eastern Cape.	Wapadsberg Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rubizhne (Ukrainian: Рубіжне, Russian: Рубежное, Rubezhnoye) is a city of oblast significance in Luhansk Oblast of Ukraine.	Rubizhne	Luhansk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Conglomerate Falls drops 30 feet (9.1 m) on the Black River in Michigan.	Great Conglomerate Falls	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strawberry Valley in Nye County, Nevada, is a landform ``traversed by U.S. 95 for about two miles, which opens into the Amargosa Desert at Point of Rocks at the southeast end of the Specter Range''.	Strawberry Valley	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balch Fieldhouse is a 4,000, at one point seating 7,000, seat multi-purpose arena in Boulder, Colorado.	Balch Fieldhouse	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khandaghosh (community development block) (Bengali: খণ্ডঘোষ সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Khandaghosh (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Visual and Performing Arts High School (also known as Central VPA High School or Central High School) is a magnet high school in St. Louis, Missouri, part of the St. Louis Public Schools.	Central VPA High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Saskatchewan Rutherford Arena is a hockey rink constructed in 1929, with its official opening in January, 1930.	Rutherford Arena	University of Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diefenbaker Bridge is a Canadian bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.	Diefenbaker Bridge	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), and the Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities (DOT&PF) are leading the Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection (also known as Highway to Highway or H2H), a proposed project in Anchorage, Alaska.	Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge of Lions is a double-leaf bascule bridge that spans the Intracoastal Waterway in St. Augustine, Florida.	Bridge of Lions	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangefni (Welsh pronunciation: (ɬanˈɡɛvni)) is the county town of Anglesey in Wales and contains the principal offices of the Isle of Anglesey County Council.	Llangefni	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schinznach-Dorf is a former municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Schinznach-Dorf	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Father Panik Village was a housing project located in Bridgeport, Connecticut.	Father Panik Village	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malpica de Bergantiños (or simply Malpica) is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Malpica de Bergantiños	A Coruña
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beiwangli (Chinese: 北王里; pinyin: Běiwánglǐ) is a town in Zhao County in southwestern Hebei, China, located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of the county seat.	Beiwangli	Zhao County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Adobe Barn, also known as Adobe Post Office, is a historic barn in La Grange, California.	Old Adobe Barn	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Médan is a village in the Yvelines department, Ile-de-France region, in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France, about 25 km from the capital.	Médan	Yvelines
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moor Crichel is a village and civil parish in East Dorset, England situated on Cranborne Chase five miles east of Blandford Forum.	Moor Crichel	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arkell Museum is a museum in Canajoharie, New York that has an extensive collection of American paintings, primarily from 1860--1940, as well as historical exhibits about the history of the Mohawk River Valley and of the Beech-Nut babyfood company.	Arkell Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daq-e Bohlul (Persian: دق بهلول‎, also Romanized as Daq-e Bohlūl) is a village in Khangiran Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Daq-e Bohlul	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abel I. Smith Burial Ground (also spelled Able I. Smith Burial Ground) was a family burial plot in Hudson County, New Jersey.	Abel I. Smith Burial Ground	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bądle (ˈbɔndlɛ) (German: Bandels) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bądle	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Reformed Church of Schenectady is located at 8 North Church Street in the Historic Stockade District of Schenectady, New York and is a member of the Reformed Church in America.	First Reformed Church of Schenectady	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułkówek (suu̯ˈkuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sułkówek	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahuneh-ye Qazi (Persian: طاحونه قاضي‎, also Romanized as Ţāḥūneh-ye Qāz̤ī; also known as Asīyāb-e Qāz̤ī (Persian: اسياب قاضي) and Asīyābqāz̤ī) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tahuneh-ye Qazi	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cayson Mound and Village Site (8CA3) is a prehistoric archaeological site located near Blountstown, Florida.	Cayson Mound and Village Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbice Drugie (sarˈbit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sarbice Drugie	Gmina Łopuszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żaczki (ˈʐat͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żaczki	Gmina Grabów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stonington Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 93B) is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) northwest of the central business district (CBD) of Stonington, a town in Hancock County, Maine, USA.	Stonington Municipal Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alice Springs Correctional Centre, an Australian medium to maximum security prison for males and females, is located 25 kilometres (16 mi) outside Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia.	Alice Springs Correctional Centre	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Deere House and Shop is located in the unincorporated village of Grand Detour, Illinois, near the Lee County city of Dixon.	John Deere House and Shop	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottawa/Casselman (Shea Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CSF7) is an aerodrome located 3.7 nautical miles (6.9 km; 4.3 mi) east of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa/Casselman (Shea Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marpole is a mostly residential neighbourhood of 23,832 in 2011, located on the southern edge of the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, immediately northeast of Vancouver International Airport.	Marpole	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ott's Chapel (also known as Ott's Chapel Sunday School) is a historic chapel in New Castle County, Delaware, located roughly halfway between Newark, Delaware and Elkton, Maryland on Ott's Chapel Road.	Ott's Chapel	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monsters, Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue! is a dark ride attraction at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California.	Monsters, Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue!	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Couffour or Tour du Couffour is a ruined castle situated in the French commune of Chaudes-Aigues in the Cantal département.	Château de Couffour	Chaudes-Aigues
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandogo (Welsh: Llaneuddogwy) is a small village in Monmouthshire, south Wales, between Monmouth and Chepstow in the lower reaches of the Wye Valley AONB, two miles north of Tintern.	Llandogo	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granowice (ɡranɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Granowice	Gmina Wądroże Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouverie Street is a street in the City of London, off Fleet Street, which once was the home of some of Britain's most widely circulated newspapers as well as the Whitefriars Priory.	Bouverie Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conway Methodist Church, 1898 and 1910 Sanctuaries, also known as First United Methodist Church, is a historic Methodist church located at Conway in Horry County, South Carolina.	Conway Methodist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twardawa (tfarˈdava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Twardawa	Gmina Głogówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilyabin (Persian: بيليابين‎, also Romanized as Bīlyābīn) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bilyabin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Zard (Persian: سرزرد‎) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Zard	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodesar (Devnagari:कोदेसर) is a village and a Gram Panchayat in Jhunjhunu district in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Kodesar	Jhunjhunu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concordia University Chicago is an American private, Lutheran liberal arts university located in the village of River Forest, Illinois, 10 miles west of Chicago.	Concordia University Chicago	River Forest, Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yongchang Town (Chinese: 永昌镇) is the new county seat of Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County in Mianyang, Sichuan, China, one of the worst-hit area in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.	Yongchang Town	Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunxi District (simplified Chinese: 屯溪区; traditional Chinese: 屯溪區; pinyin: Túnxī qū) forms the central district of Huangshan City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Tunxi District	Huangshan City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Echo Summit (also known as Johnson Pass) is a mountain pass in the western United States, located in eastern El Dorado County, California.	Echo Summit	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belvedere Lagoon is an artificial lagoon in the Marin County, California, community of Belvedere on San Francisco Bay.	Belvedere Lagoon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana, part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300,000 acres (1200 km²) in size.	Elkhorn Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pittsburgh Central Downtown Historic District is a historic district in the Central Business District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Pittsburgh Central Downtown Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucile Plane State Jail is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice state jail for women located in unincorporated Liberty County, Texas.	Lucile Plane State Jail	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boarhunt is a village and civil parish in the City of Winchester district of Hampshire, England, about 2 miles (3 kilometres) north-east of Fareham.	Boarhunt	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesówka (jɛˈsufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jesówka	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirinak (Persian: شيرينك‎, also Romanized as Shīrīnak; also known as Shiroonak and Shīrūnak) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District, Imam Hassan District, Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Shirinak	Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koheysh (Persian: كهيش‎, also Romanized as Kaheysh, Kahish, and Kahyesh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Koheysh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Quoich or Quoich Water is a tributary of the River Dee in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	River Quoich	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knockaderry is a village within County Limerick, Ireland .	Knockaderry	County Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wat Khao Wong or Wat Kao Wong or Wat Khao Wong Phrohm-majan (วัดเขาวงพรหมจรรย์) is a Buddhist temple in tambon Wang Hin, southeastern Uthai Thani Province, Thailand, near the border with Chai Nat Province.	Wat Khao Wong	Wang Hin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burrough Hill is an Iron Age hillfort in Burrough on the Hill, 7 miles (11 km) south of Melton Mowbray in the English county of Leicestershire.	Burrough Hill	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse is a Classical Revival courthouse located at 40 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of lower Manhattan in New York City.	Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardmead is a small village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire, England.	Hardmead	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1800 the Canton of Arpajon was created then attached to the Arrondissement of Corbeil in the department of Seine-et-Oise.	Arpajon	Seine-et-Oise
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghib (Persian: غيب‎, also Romanized as Ghīb) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Ghib	Bijnavand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleveland Lakefront Station is an Amtrak train station at North Coast Harbor in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cleveland Lakefront Station	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jockey Club Government Secondary School or JCGSS (Traditional Chinese: 賽馬會官立中學), formed in 1960, is a government funded full-time secondary school in Oxford Road, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong.	Jockey Club Government Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novo Airão is a municipality located in the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil on the Rio Negro River about 180 km upstream of Manaus.	Novo Airão	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarna Rola (ˈt͡ʂarna ˈrɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czarna Rola	Gmina Jedlińsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derazlu (Persian: درازلو‎, also Romanized as Derāzlū and Darazalū; also known as Dahrehzalū and Derezelu) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Derazlu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinhoe is a village on the north eastern outskirts of Exeter in the English county of Devon, which was incorporated into the city in 1966.	Pinhoe	Exeter	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klewinowo (klɛviˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Klewinowo	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murdel (Persian: موردل‎, also Romanized as Mūrdel) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Murdel	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Bud (ˈnɔvɨ ˈbut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship in south-western Poland.	Nowy Bud	Gmina Strzeleczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrowhead Recreation Area is located in and owned by the city of Claremont, New Hampshire, in Sullivan County.	Arrowhead Recreation Area	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shab Kola (Persian: شب كلا‎, also Romanized as Shab Kolā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shab Kola	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CICN-FM is a new radio station which will broadcast First Nations community radio programming on the frequency 104.3 MHz (FM) in Muskeg Lake Cree Nation, which is located within the city limits of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CICN-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożepole Małe (bɔʐɛˈpɔlɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Boschpol) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bożepole Małe	Gmina Łęczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSQX-FM is an NPR member radio station in south-central New York State.	WSQX-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Miguel do Oeste is a municipality of the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina.	São Miguel do Oeste	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Corner Brook Civic Centre, previously named the Canada Games Centre and the Pepsi Centre, is a 3,100-seat multi-purpose arena in Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Corner Brook Civic Centre	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donkerbroek is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of De Stellingwerven, the Netherlands.	Donkerbroek	Ooststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santi Aquila e Priscilla is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to saints Aquila and Priscilla in the quartiere Portuense (Q.XI) of Rome, on via Pietro Blaserna.	Santi Aquila e Priscilla	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The C. Burton Hotel, also known as the Sycamore House, is located on NY 55 a mile west of Grahamsville, New York, United States.	C. Burton Hotel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mijakowo (mijaˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mijakowo	Gmina Słupno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elks Building and Theater on East Gurley Street in Prescott, Arizona is an Early Commercial style building built in 1904.	Elks Building and Theater	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar-e Pidenguiyeh (Persian: چنارپيدنگوئيه‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e Pīdengū’īyeh; also known as Pīdangū’īyeh and Pīdengū’īyeh) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chenar-e Pidenguiyeh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raspberry Plain is a historic property and former plantation in Loudoun County, Virginia, near Leesburg.	Raspberry Plain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liashur Sara-ye Olya (Persian: لياشورسرائ عليا‎, also Romanized as Līāshūr Sarā''-ye ``Olyā; also known as Līāshūr Sarā) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Liashur Sara-ye Olya	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mud District (Persian: بخش مود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mud District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blikkiesdorp was built by the City of Cape Town in 2007 by Mayor Helen Zille.	Blikkiesdorp	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heydar Aliyev Sports and Exhibition Complex is the main exhibition space of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Heydar Aliyev Sports and Exhibition Complex	Baku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ball-e Dad Rahman (Persian: بل دادرحمان‎, also Romanized as Ball-e Dād Raḩmān and Bal-e Dād Raḩmān) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ball-e Dad Rahman	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Servus Credit Union Place (or Servus Place for short) is a $43-million multipurpose leisure centre that opened on September 30, 2006 in St. Albert, Alberta.	Servus Credit Union Place	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly licensed to Modesto, California, USA, the station was owned by Calvary Chapel of Modesto, Inc. On September 24, 2012, the Calvary Chapel of Modesto surrendered the license for KEQP-LP to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).	KEQP-LP	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sand Lake Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of South Dakota and is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.	Sand Lake Wetland Management District	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pocono Raceway (formerly Pocono International Raceway) also known as the Tricky Triangle, is a superspeedway located in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania at Long Pond.	Pocono Raceway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczyn (ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɨn) (German: Lestin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Leszczyn	Gmina Rymań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodland Park Zoo is a zoological garden located in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Woodland Park Zoo	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashak-e Tehranchi (Persian: ماشك تهرانچي‎, also Romanized as Māshak-e Tehrānchī; also known as Māshak) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mashak-e Tehranchi	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meshkin Tappeh (Persian: مشكين تپه‎, also Romanized as Meshkīn Tappeh and Moshkīn Tappeh; also known as Qeshlāq-e Moshgīn and Qishlāq Mushkīn) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Meshkin Tappeh	Zahray-ye Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poncha Pass (9,010 ft/2,745 m) is a mountain pass in South-Central Colorado (USA).	Poncha Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyddington Bede House is a historic house in Rutland, England, owned and opened to the public by English Heritage.	Lyddington Bede House	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardanjan (Persian: زردنجان‎, also Romanized as Zardanjān and Zardenjan; also known as Zardanjān Jey) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Zardanjan	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Vaneh (Persian: خانه وانه‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Vāneh; also known as Khana-Vona and Khānevāneh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaneh Vaneh	Sardar-e Jangal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Sochiapan is a municipality located in the south of the Papaloapan zone in the central zone of the State of Veracruz, about 240 km from state capital Xalapa.	Santiago Sochiapan	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salmon Glacier is a glacier located ~25 km (16 mi) north of Stewart, British Columbia, and Hyder, Alaska, just on the Canadian side of the border.	Salmon Glacier	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMNV (1400 AM) is a radio station in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota that airs a Spanish-language music and entertainment format.	KMNV	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	FC Den Bosch (Dutch pronunciation: (ɛfˈseː dɛmˈbɔs)) is a football club from 's-Hertogenbosch, The Netherlands.	FC Den Bosch	's-Hertogenbosch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 580 serves the state of Oklahoma, serving places away from the Oklahoma City or Tulsa areas, including:	Area code 580	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanah Laut Regency is one of the regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan.	Tanah Laut Regency	South Kalimantan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirom (Persian: سيرم‎‎, also Romanized as Sīrom and Sīrūm) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sirom	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Con Reid is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 23 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) northeast of El Piveto Mountain.	Mount Con Reid	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandalay State Beach, also called Mandalay County Park, is a protected beach of California, United States, in the city of Oxnard.	Mandalay State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koveyk (Persian: كويك‎; also known as Gū’īk, Kavā``īk, Kawaik, Kūek, and Kwaik) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 579, in 120 families.	Koveyk	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Henry Memorial commemorates the first landfall at Cape Henry, in Virginia Beach, Virginia, of colonists bound for the Jamestown settlement.	Cape Henry Memorial	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Starr Miller House is a mansion located at 1048 Fifth Avenue, in the Borough of Manhattan on the Upper East Side of New York City.	William Starr Miller House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inierie is a stratovolcano located in the south-central part of the island of Flores, Indonesia, overlooking the Savu Sea.	Inierie	Flores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gray Cliff Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing a cluster of exceptionally high quality houses built in Newton, Massachusetts, between about 1890 and 1940.	Gray Cliff Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nivan Rural District (Persian: دهستان نيوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nivan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hervanta is a large suburb, or satellite city, of Tampere in Finland, located next to Hallila some 10 km south of the city centre.	Hervanta	Tampere
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capenhurst is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England and located on the Wirral Peninsula to the south west of the town of Ellesmere Port.	Capenhurst	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portal de l'Àngel (Catalan pronunciation: (purˈtaɫ də ˈɫaɲʒəɫ)) is a pedestrian street in the Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona adjacent to Plaça Catalunya, and part of the large shopping area that spans from Avinguda Diagonal to Barri Gòtic.	Portal de l'Àngel	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atholton High School is a high school in Columbia, Maryland and is a part of the Howard County public school system.	Atholton High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glodeni District is a district (Moldovan: raion) in northwestern Moldova, with its administrative center at Glodeni.	Glodeni District	Moldova
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anieliny (aɲeˈlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Anieliny	Gmina Sadki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabdegah (Persian: گابدگاه‎, also Romanized as Gābdegāh; also known as Gowdehgāv, Gowdgāh, and Gūdgāh) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gabdegah	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mochów (ˈmɔxuf), German Mochau, is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Mochów	Gmina Głogówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Rock High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Black Rock, Arkansas, United States.	Black Rock High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBBZ (98.5 FM, ``B98.5'') is a commercial radio station in Kalispell, Montana, broadcasting to the Kalispell-Flathead Valley, Montana, area.	KBBZ	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salman Bandar (Persian: سلمان بندر‎, also Romanized as Salmān Bandar) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Salman Bandar	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michak (Persian: ميچك‎, also Romanized as Mīchak; also known as Mishake) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Michak	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rifugio Guglielmina was an historic alpine hut on the South side of the Monte Rosa range at 2880 m above sea level, situated in the commune of Alagna Valsesia, Piedmont, Italy.	Rifugio Guglielmina	Alagna Valsesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azreh-ye Mokarrami (Persian: ازره مكرمي‎, also Romanized as Azreh-ye Mokarramī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Azreh-ye Mokarrami	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sazeman-e Mirza Baylu (Persian: سازمان ميرزابايلو‎, also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Mīrzā Bāylū) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sazeman-e Mirza Baylu	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardencaple Castle, also known as Ardincaple Castle, and sometimes referred to as Ardencaple Castle Light, is a listed building, situated about 1 statute mile (1.6 km) from Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Ardencaple Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maindample is a town in north east Victoria (Australia).	Maindample	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Molalla River State Park is located in U.S. state of Oregon.	Molalla River State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grądy-Woniecko (ˈɡrɔndɨ vɔˈɲet͡skɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Grądy-Woniecko	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University, also known as Bhagalpur University, is a public university in Bhagalpur, Bihar, India.	Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University	Bihar	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pijawnia (piˈjavɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pijawnia	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolanjin (Persian: كلنجين‎, also Romanized as Kolanjīn, Kalanjīn, Kolangīn, Kolenjīn, and Qūlānjīn) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kolanjin	Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Bradford (also known as Bradford Ski Area) is a small ski area located in the Bradford section of Haverhill, Massachusetts.	Ski Bradford	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Growler Valley is a valley of south-central Arizona west of Ajo, Arizona.	Growler Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwedru is the capital of Grand Gedeh County, one of the 15 counties in Liberia.	Zwedru	Grand Gedeh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	David's Airport (FAA LID: 9C2), also known as David's Field, is a privately owned, public-use airport located in Branch County, Michigan, United States.	David's Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Temple AME Zion Church, also known as Belmont Annex Fellowship Hall, is a historic African-American church at 235 E. Meeting Street in Dandridge, Tennessee.	Christ Temple AME Zion Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Andrea della Valle is a basilica church in the rione of Sant'Eustachio of the city of Rome, Italy.	Sant'Andrea della Valle	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radio Kootwijk is a small town in the Dutch municipality of Apeldoorn, with approximately 120 inhabitants (in 2006).	Radio Kootwijk	Apeldoorn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Anderson Lodge is an historic site in Ormond Beach, Florida, United States, built for Ormond Beach promoter John Anderson (1853--1911).	John Anderson Lodge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Princeton Battle Monument is located in Princeton, New Jersey, adjacent to Morven and Princeton's borough hall.	Princeton Battle Monument	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crow Island School in Winnetka, Illinois, is an elementary school significant for its progressive philosophy and its International Style architecture.	Crow Island School	Winnetka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob Raphael Building is a historic building located just north of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Jacob Raphael Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brimfield State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in and around the town of Brimfield in Hampden County, Massachusetts.	Brimfield State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Ramazan (Persian: سيدرمضان‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Ramaẕān; also known as Hāyeţ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Ramazan	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Braeburn Range is a mountain range in the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Braeburn Range	Tasman Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conchas Lake Seaplane Base (FAA LID: E61) is a public use seaplane base located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Conchas Dam, in San Miguel County, New Mexico, United States.	Conchas Lake Seaplane Base	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feistritz Saddle (German: Feistritzsattel, el. 1298 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Lower Austria and Styria.	Feistritz Saddle	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enmelen (Russian: Энмелен; Chukchi: Энмылъын; Yupik: Ынмылин) is a village (selo) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Enmelen	Providensky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huron Regional Airport (IATA: HON, ICAO: KHON, FAA LID: HON) is a city owned, public airport in Huron, in Beadle County, South Dakota.	Huron Regional Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaczkowice (jat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jaczkowice	Gmina Oława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kahan (Persian: ده كهان‎, also Romanized as Deh Kahān, Deh-e Kahān, Deh-e Kāhn, and Deh Kahn; also known as Deh Kahnū and Deh Kehnu) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Kahan	Aseminun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVOH-FM (93.5 FM) is a radio station licensed in Nicholls, Georgia, USA.	WVOH-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baudour is a village near the Belgian towns of Saint-Ghislain and Mons in the province of Hainaut.	Baudour	Saint-Ghislain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burr Oak State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Ohio, located mostly in Morgan County, with part extending into Athens County.	Burr Oak State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Fionnlagh's Chapel (St Finla's Chapel) is a ruined medieval chapel on Cara Island, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	St Fionnlagh's Chapel	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lynnhaven House, also Wishart-Boush House, Wishart House, and Boush House, which was built circa 1725, is an example of 18th century Tidewater Virginia vernacular architecture and is located in Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Lynnhaven House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ianstown is a small village on the Moray Firth in Scotland.	Ianstown	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendle Heritage Centre is a museum and visitor centre in Barrowford, Lancashire, England, dedicated to the history and heritage of Pendle.	Pendle Heritage Centre	Barrowford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karji Madan (Persian: كارجي معدن‎, also Romanized as Kārjī Maʿdan; also known as Kārjī) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karji Madan	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lajpore is biggest village in Choryasi Taluka of Surat District located 20km South of Surat on Surat-Navsari road Surat, India.	Lajpor	Surat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steble Fountain stands in William Brown Street, Liverpool, England, to the west of Wellington's Column.	Steble Fountain	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heruz-e Sofla (Persian: هروزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Herūz-e Soflá and Harūz-e Soflá, Herūz, Herūz-e Pā’īn, and Harūz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Heruz-e Sofla	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machnówek (maxˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Machnówek	Gmina Ulhówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloonfad (Irish: Cluain Fada, meaning ``long meadow'') is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland, at the crossroads of the N83 National secondary road and the R327 regional road, about 10 km from the town of Ballyhaunis in Co. Mayo.	Cloonfad	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święte Laski (ˈɕfjɛntɛ ˈlaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Święte Laski	Gmina Maków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Pas Kuhak (Persian: حاجي ابادپس كوهك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Pas Kūhak; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Pas Kuhak	Qarah Chaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walmer Road Baptist Church is a Baptist church located at 188 Lowther Avenue at Walmer Road, in The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario.	Walmer Road Baptist Church	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad-e Gomar (Persian: محمودابادگمار‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Gomār) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Gomar	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarencefield is a small village in Ruthwell Parish between Dumfries and Annan in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Clarencefield	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyzhnia Velesnytsia (Ukrainian: Нижня Велесниця) is a small village in Kolomyia Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine.	Nyzhnia Velesnytsia	Kolomyia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazhareh (Persian: مژاره‎, also Romanized as Mazhāreh; also known as Mazhādeh) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District, Sarab Bagh District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mazhareh	Sarab Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Gorosneh (Persian: تل گرسنه‎) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tall-e Gorosneh	Dorunak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Bahareh (Persian: داربهاره‎, also Romanized as Dār Bahāreh) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dar Bahareh	Dorunak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardrud-e Olya Rural District (Persian: دهستان سردرودعليا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sardrud District, Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sardrud-e Olya Rural District	Sardrud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Trzepowo (ˈnɔvɛ tʂɛˈpɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Trzepowo	Gmina Stara Biała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitebank Stadium on White Bank Road, Oldham is a rugby league and association football stadium which forms part of Limehurst Village.	Whitebank Stadium	Oldham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bincombe is a small village, or hamlet, and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Weymouth.	Bincombe	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vosuqabad (Persian: وثوق اباد‎, also Romanized as Vos̄ūqābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Vosuqabad	Eqbal-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stele Forest, or Xi'an Beilin Museum (碑林; pinyin: Bēilín), is a museum for steles and stone sculptures which is located in Xi'an, China.	Stele Forest	Xi'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Babilonie is a hillfort of the La Tène culture at a height of 255.6 metres above sea level on the northern edge of a rounded hill in the Wiehen Hills above the Lübbecke village of Obermehnen in the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Babilonie	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estalkh Zir (Persian: اسطلخ زير‎, also Romanized as Esţalkh Zīr; also known as Seleh Cher) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Estalkh Zir	Sheykh Neshin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uściąż-Kolonia (ˈuɕt͡ɕɔ̃ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Uściąż-Kolonia	Gmina Karczmiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seneca Park was the last park designed by Frederick Law Olmsted in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.	Seneca Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumiti (Persian: دوميتي‎, also Romanized as Dūmītī; also known as Dīmītī) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dumiti	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yuba City Charter School is a K-12 public school located in Yuba City, California.	Yuba City Charter School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pergine Valsugana (German: Fersen im Suganertal, Pèrzen in local dialect) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of Trento.	Pergine Valsugana	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammapalem is a village in Konijerla mandal in Khammam district of Telangana state in India.	Ammapalem	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peykulah (Persian: پيكوله‎, also Romanized as Peykūlah; also known as Pey Kolā, Peykolah, and Pey Koleh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Peykulah	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesbury is a small rural village in Northumberland in the north of England.	Lesbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canal Generating Plant is a petroleum and natural gas electrical power station located in Sandwich, Massachusetts.	Canal Generating Plant	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazów (ˈbazuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bazów	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Em Agaleh Maravaneh (Persian: ام عگله مراونه‎, also Romanized as Em ʿAgaleh Marāvaneh) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Em Agaleh Maravaneh	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maihaugen (De Sandvigske Samlinger på Maihaugen, Lillehammer) is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Lillehammer, Norway.	Maihaugen	Lillehammer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shad Mehrak (Persian: شادمهرك‎, also Romanized as Shād Mehrak; also known as Mehrābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shad Mehrak	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stony Point High School is a high school in the Round Rock Independent School District (RRISD) in Round Rock, Texas, USA.	Stony Point High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Horseshoe Stage (referred to as Pecos Bill's Golden Horseshoe Saloon during construction) opened in 1955 with several other original attractions at Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California.	Golden Horseshoe Saloon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laleli Mosque (Turkish: Laleli Camii, or Tulip Mosque) is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.	Laleli Mosque	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieznanice (ɲɛznaˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nieznanice	Gmina Kłomnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilafranca del Penedès, or simply Vilafranca (Catalan pronunciation: (biləˈfɾaŋkə)), is the capital of the comarca of the Alt Penedès in Catalonia, Spain.	Vilafranca del Penedès	Alt Penedès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanpit is a historic village in the borough of Christchurch, Dorset, in southern England.	Stanpit	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lurleen is a public reservoir located in Tuscaloosa County, in west central Alabama.	Lake Lurleen	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJFB-FM is a community/tourist information radio service that operates at 105.5 FM (soon to be 102.7 FM) in Bolton, Ontario.	CJFB-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pulgas Water Temple is a stone structure west of I-280 at 86 Cañada Road, Woodside, California, USA, designed by architect William G. Merchant.	Pulgas Water Temple	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebiesza (tʂɛˈbjɛʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Trzebiesza	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanalski Lom (pronounced (kaˈnaːlski ˈloːm)) is a village in the hills south of Most na Soči in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Kanalski Lom	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quch-e Emam (Persian: قوچ امام‎, also Romanized as Qūch-e Emām; also known as Qūch-e Emāmeh and Qūch-e Emāmī) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Quch-e Emam	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge (CPNWR) is located in southwestern Arizona in the United States, along 56 miles (90 km) of the Mexico--	Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajarostaq (Persian: اجارستاق‎, also Romanized as Ajārostāq; also known as Ajārestān) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ajarostaq	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forg Rural District (Persian: دهستان فورگ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Forg Rural District	Forg District
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Oliver Johnson High School, more commonly referred to as J.O. Johnson High School or J.O.J., is a public high school located in the northwest area of Huntsville, Alabama.	J.O. Johnson High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Crawford was an outpost of the United States Army located in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, during the 19th Century.	Fort Crawford	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałkówek-Parcela (ɡau̯ˈkuvɛk parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gałkówek-Parcela	Gmina Koluszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balnagown Castle is located beside the village of Kildary in Easter Ross, part of the Highland area of Scotland.	Balnagown Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alto Baudó (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈalto βauˈðo)) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	Alto Baudó	Chocó Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowla Qoli (Persian: مولاقلي‎, also Romanized as Mowlā Qolī; also known as Mowlāābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mowla Qoli	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tour Total (previously known as Tour Elf from 1985 to 1999, and Tour TotalFinaElf from 1999 to 2003) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense, Courbevoie, the high-rise business district west of and adjacent to the city of Paris, France designed in the Modern architectural style.	Tour Total	Courbevoie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Bahram (Persian: بابابهرام‎, also Romanized as Bābā Bahrām) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Bahram	Malavi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver King Mine is an inactive silver mine located near Superior, Arizona in the United States.	Silver King Mine	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Former Machias Valley Grange, No. 360 is a social and civic meeting hall at 1 Elm Street in Machias, Maine.	Machias Valley Grange, No. 360	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagerstown Regional Airport (IATA: HGR, ICAO: KHGR, FAA LID: HGR), also known as Richard A. Henson Field, is a county-owned public-use airport in Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Hagerstown Regional Airport	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Liberty Auto Plant is a Honda factory in East Liberty, Ohio, United States.	East Liberty Auto Plant	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sighignola is a mountain of the Como Prealps, located on the border between the Italian region of Lombardy and the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Sighignola	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Olmsted High School is a public high school located in the Cleveland suburb of North Olmsted, Ohio.	North Olmsted High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William R. Thorsen House, often referred to as the Thorsen House, was built in 1909 in Berkeley, California, by William Randolph Thorsen and Caroline Canfield Thorsen.	Thorsen House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maojian District (simplified Chinese: 茅箭区; traditional Chinese: 茅箭區; pinyin: Máojiàn Qū) is a district of the city of Shiyan, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Maojian District	Shiyan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perkins Field (FAA LID: UØ8) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Overton, in Clark County, Nevada, United States.	Perkins Field	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altınözü (Arabic: القصير‎, al-Quṣayr) is a district in the south-east of Hatay Province of Turkey, on the border between Turkey and Syria.	Altınözü	Hatay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The S. Cornelia Young Memorial Library (also known as the Cornelia Young Memorial Library or ``Old Corny'') is a historic library in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.	S. Cornelia Young Memorial Library	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Diego Hall of Champions is an American multi-sport museum in San Diego, California.	San Diego Hall of Champions	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Escala (Castilian Spanish: La Escala) is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	L'Escala	Alt Empordà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabszczyzna (ɡrapʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabszczyzna	Gmina Strachówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University Avenue Bridge is a double-leaf bascule bridge crossing the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	University Avenue Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guilderland High School is a public senior high school, located in Guilderland Center, New York.	Guilderland High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Pareh (Persian: كوهپاره‎, also Romanized as Kūh Pāreh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuh Pareh	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottawa USD 290 is a Unified school district in Ottawa, Kansas.	Ottawa USD 290	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egton is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough local administration district of North Yorkshire county, England, about 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Whitby, and located within the North York Moors National Park.	Egton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolling Hills Country Day School is a nonsectarian independent Kindergarten to Grade 8 school located on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles County, California.	Rolling Hills Country Day School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aigel (Persian: ايگل‎, also Romanized as Āīgel, Īgel, Āīgal, and Īgol) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Aigel	Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nottingham Airport (IATA: NQT, ICAO: EGBN), also known as Nottingham City Airport, is located in Tollerton, Nottinghamshire, England.	Nottingham Airport	Tollerton, Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teverola is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Naples and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Caserta.	Teverola	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlies Bunion rises to an elevation of 5,565 feet (1,696 m) above sea level, and is situated along the state line between Sevier County, Tennessee and Swain County, North Carolina.	Charlies Bunion	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandankary is a hamlet in Edathua Panchayat, Kuttanadu Taluk, Alapuzha (Alleppey) District, Kerala, India.	Pandankary	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houlgate battery (also called the Battery de Tournebride) was a World War II German artillery battery constructed close to the French village of Houlgate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region.	Houlgate battery	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fenner Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert, in eastern San Bernardino County, southern California.	Fenner Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of Santa Maria in Trastevere (English: Our Lady in Trastevere) is a titular minor basilica in the Trastevere district of Rome, and one of the oldest churches of Rome.	Santa Maria in Trastevere	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Joneyd-e Lakpol (Persian: بالاجنيدلاك پل‎, also Romanized as Bālā Joneyd-e Lākpol) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Joneyd-e Lakpol	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pangborn-Herndon Memorial Site is a monument in East Wenatchee, Washington, United States, dedicated to Clyde Edward Pangborn and Hugh Herndon, Jr., the two men who made the first non-stop flight across the Pacific Ocean.	Pangborn-Herndon Memorial Site	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dharwad is the district headquarters of Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Dharwad	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	NorthStone Country Club is a private club located in Huntersville, North Carolina in the center of NorthStone housing community.	NorthStone Country Club	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bromley Brook School was a therapeutic boarding school in Manchester Center, Vermont, for teenage girls who were not functioning at traditional schools.	Bromley Brook School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzyny (raˈd͡zɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radzyny	Gmina Kaźmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	P.S. 157 is a historic school building located at 327 St. Nicholas Avenue between West 126th and West 127th Streets in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	P.S. 157	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gouesnou (Breton: Gouenoù) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Gouesnou	Finistère
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Rosa Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Spring Lake Regional Park in the city of Santa Rosa, California, USA.	Santa Rosa Creek Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schooner Channel, formerly Schooner Passage, is a strait on the east side of Bramham Island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Schooner Channel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huron-Superior Catholic District School Board (HSCDSB, known as English-language Separate District School Board No. 31 prior to 1999) is a separate school board for Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, and surrounding communities.	Huron-Superior Catholic District School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiriz (Persian: تيريز‎, also Romanized as Tīrīz; also known as Tarīz) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tiriz	Shalil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lachowskie (laˈxɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lachowskie	Gmina Praszka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damsay is an islet in the Orkney archipelago in Scotland.	Damsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkway West High School is a public comprehensive high school in Ballwin, Missouri that is part of the Parkway School District.	Parkway West High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matagorda Island Air Force Base (i/ˈmætəˈɡɔərdə/) is a closed military airfield on the north end of Matagorda Island, northeast of Corpus Christi, Texas.	Matagorda Island Air Force Base	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Şişli Plaza is a tower in Istanbul, Turkey and has 40 residential floors, but rises above a 4-floor retail facility and has a 2-floor radio station on top; making an overall total of 46 floors above ground.	Şişli Plaza	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tara High School is one of several high schools in the East Baton Rouge Parish Public Schools District in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Tara High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świerszczyki (ɕfjɛrʂˈt͡ʂɨki) (German: Ottoshöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Świerszczyki	Gmina Lipiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gipton is a suburb of East Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, between the A58 to the north and the A64 to the south.	Gipton	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kituryki (kituˈrɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kituryki	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Vicente Ferreira is a civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada in the Portuguese archipelago of Azores.	São Vicente Ferreira	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Center Hill Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Center Hill Lake	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieryszew (pjɛˈrɨʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieryszew	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwyn Careg is a historic country estate on Wolf Den Road in the Abington section of Pomfret, Connecticut.	Gwyn Careg	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontrhydyfen (or Pont-rhyd-y-fen) is a small village in the Afan Valley, in Neath Port Talbot county borough in Wales.	Pontrhydyfen	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutesheim is a German town located in Baden-Württemberg in the district of Böblingen.	Rutesheim	Böblingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleveland (/ˈkliːvlənd/ KLEEV-lənd) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Cuyahoga County, the most populous county in the state.	Cleveland	Cuyahoga County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Courmes is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France, near the eastern part of Gorges-du-Loup.	Courmes	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhungad is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal which is located in the eastern part from headquarter of Baitadi district, this is the small village which is crossed by Seti river.	Dhungad	Baitadi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleqan County (Persian: شهرستان طالقان‎) is a county in Alborz Province in Iran.	Taleqan County	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murdock School, also known as Old Murdock High School, is an historic school building on Murdock Avenue in Winchendon, Massachusetts.	Murdock School	Winchendon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielkowice (ʑɛlkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zielkowice	Gmina Łowicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szumanie-Pustoły (ʂuˈmaɲe pusˈtɔwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szumanie-Pustoły	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gornje Kolibe (Serbian: Горње Колибе) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Brod, Bosnia and Herzegovina with Bosniak ethnic majority.	Gornje Kolibe	Brod
located in the administrative territorial entity	Playa de las Américas is a purpose-built holiday resort in the southern and southern-west part of the Municipality of Arona, close to the adjoining Municipality of Adeje in the west of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands.	Playa de las Américas	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Gabad (Persian: نوگباد‎, also Romanized as Now Gabād and Nūgebād; also known as Nūgebār) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Now Gabad	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Cairns is a mountain located southeast of Simpson Pass in British Columbia, Canada.	Twin Cairns	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bernard Complex, also known as Lightfoot's Beaverdam Plantation and Kameschatka, is a historic plantation home and farm complex located near Maidens, Goochland County, Virginia.	Mount Bernard Complex	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskeh Rut (Persian: باسكه روت‎, also Romanized as Bāskeh Rūt) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baskeh Rut	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opoka-Kolonia (ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Opoka-Kolonia	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson Community and Technical College (JCTC), located in Louisville, Kentucky, is one of 16 two-year, open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS).	Jefferson Community and Technical College	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malešov (German: Maleschau) is a market town in Kutná Hora District, Central Bohemia, Czech Republic.	Malešov	Kutná Hora District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamadan Province (Persian: استان همدان‎‎), is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Hamadan Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hellenic Classical Charter School is a Brooklyn, New York City Ethnic-culture based charter school that focuses on the ````classical study of the Greek and Latin languages, as well as history, art and other cultural studies.''	Hellenic Classical Charter School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pastorius Park is a 16-acre (6.5-ha) park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	Pastorius Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sidney Lanier Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Brunswick River in Brunswick, Georgia, carrying four lanes of U.S. Route 17.	Sidney Lanier Bridge	Brunswick, Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenmore East High School (also Kenmore East Senior High School) is a high school in the Town of Tonawanda, New York.	Kenmore East High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trumbull College is one of twelve undergraduate residential colleges of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Trumbull College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczytnica (ʂt͡ʂɨtˈnit͡sa) (German: Martinwaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szczytnica	Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingston Grammar School is an independent co-educational day school in Kingston upon Thames, south-west London.	Kingston Grammar School	Kingston upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Lewis County Airport (IATA: TDO, ICAO: KTDO, FAA LID: TDO), also known as Ed Carlson Memorial Field, is a county-owned public-use airport in Lewis County, Washington, United States.	South Lewis County Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Stamford is the central business district of the city of Stamford, Connecticut, USA.	Downtown Stamford	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calang, the capital of the Aceh Jaya Regency of the special territory (daerah istimewa) of Aceh was on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Calang	Aceh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Giddings House and Barn is a historic First Period farm at 66 Choate Street in Essex, Massachusetts.	George Giddings House and Barn	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tobacco Root Mountains lie in the northern Rocky Mountains, between the Jefferson and Madison Rivers in southwest Montana.	Tobacco Root Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capuchino High School is a public high school in San Bruno, California, although the school is surrounded by the city of Millbrae on all but one corner.	Capuchino High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meldorf is the birthplace of mathematician Olaus Henrici, and the seat of the collective municipality Amt Mitteldithmarschen.	Meldorf	Mitteldithmarschen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rock Ford Plantation or the General Edward Hand House is an historic house in Southeast Lancaster City, surrounded by Lancaster County Central Park, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Rock Ford Plantation	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Cut State Park is a state park of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Rock Cut State Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ed White Middle School was a public 6th through 8th grade middle school in Huntsville, Alabama.	Ed White Middle School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Cycling Centre is a multipurpose cycling venue in Sportcity, Manchester, Great Britain.	National Cycling Centre	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mongewell (first syllable rhymes with sponge) is a village in the civil parish of Crowmarsh, about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Wallingford in Oxfordshire.	Mongewell	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tefli (Persian: تفلي‎, also Romanized as Teflī and Taflī; also known as Tavila and Tifli) is a village in Kusalan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tefli	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Řeporyje is a cadastral area of Prague.	Řeporyje	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in north central Florida, twenty-five miles west of Daytona Beach, off U.S. Highway 17 in DeLeon Springs.	Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katwa (Bengali: কাটোয়া) is a town and the headquarters of Katwa subdivision in Bardhaman district of Indian state of West Bengal.	Katwa	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshvar Rural District (Persian: دهستان كشور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Keshvar Rural District	Papi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saleh Davud (Persian: صالح داود‎, also Romanized as Şāleḥ Dāvūd and Şāleḥdāvūd) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Saleh Davud	Sorkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bank of England Museum is located within the Bank of England in the City of London.	Bank of England Museum	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lopen Roman Mosaic is a Roman mosaic, probably from a Roman villa, in the village of Lopen, Somerset, England.	Lopen Roman Mosaic	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Anthony Head is a National Trust property situated at the southernmost tip of the Roseland Peninsula, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, overlooking the entrance to one of the world's largest natural harbours:	St Anthony Head	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKUW-FM is the campus radio station at the University of Winnipeg in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	CKUW-FM	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boekel Building is a historic factory building located in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at 505-515 Vine Street, west of North 5th Street.	Boekel Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge (/ˈboʊskɛ dɛl əˈpætʃiː/ BOHS-ke del ə-PACH-ee), in southern Socorro County, New Mexico, is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.	Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donbaki (Persian: دنبكي‎, also Romanized as Donbakī) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Donbaki	Sokmanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baofeng County (Chinese: 宝丰县; Pinyin: Bǎofēng Xiàn) is a county in Pingdingshan, Henan Province, China.	Baofeng County	Pingdingshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piedra Vista High School (PVHS) is a public high school in Farmington, New Mexico (USA) founded in 1998.	Piedra Vista High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red's Eats is a take-out restaurant located on U.S. Route 1 in Wiscasset, Maine.	Red's Eats	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohave High School is the high school for Bullhead City, Arizona.	Mohave High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gower Gulch is a nickname for the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and Gower Street in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.	Gower Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Messer Barn is a historic structure within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States.	John Messer Barn	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gashkam (Persian: گاشكم‎, also Romanized as Gāshkam; also known as Gāshgam) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gashkam	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morris Dam (officially the Samuel B. Morris Dam) is a concrete gravity dam across the San Gabriel River in the U.S. state of California.	Morris Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZFI-LP, known on-air as Lift FM, is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Bridgeton, New Jersey.	WZFI-LP	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Qaleh Palmi (Persian: سرقلعه پلمي‎, also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh Palmī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159 people from 24 families.	Sar Qaleh Palmi	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spotlight 29 Casino is an Indian casino in Coachella, California, owned and operated by the Twenty-Nine Palms Band of Mission Indians of California.	Spotlight 29 Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Chapman (elevation 658 metres (2,159 ft)) is the highest peak in the Stoke Mountains of the southern Notre Dame mountain range located in Stoke, Quebec, Canada.	Mont Chapman	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haaldersbroek is a hamlet in Zaanstad, North Holland in the Netherlands.	Haaldersbroek	Zaanstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowlin's Old Crater Trading Post is a former trading post which was located along historic U.S. Route 66 in Bluewater, New Mexico.	Bowlin's Old Crater Trading Post	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawojowa Góra (navɔˈjɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nawojowa Góra	Gmina Krzeszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hejarak (Persian: حجرك‎, also Romanized as Ḩejarak; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩejarak) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hejarak	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jimmy Stewart Museum is a museum dedicated to American actor James Stewart located in Indiana, Pennsylvania.	The Jimmy Stewart Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronków (ˈbrɔnkuf) (formerly German Brancke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bronków	Gmina Bobrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQQB (96.1 MHz, Q96) is a rhythmic-leaning CHR (Top 40) radio station broadcasting in the Champaign/Urbana, Illinois, radio market.	WQQB	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Motor Company Plant was an automotive plant located at 6200 West Warren Avenue (at Livernois) in Detroit, Michigan, later known as the Detroit Edison Warren Service Center.	Lincoln Motor Company Plant	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artun (Persian: ارتون‎, also Romanized as Ārtūn) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Artun	Miyan Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carabaya Province is a province of the Puno Region in the southern part of Peru.	Carabaya Province	Puno Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Backburn is a rural settlement near Gartly in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Backburn	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncan Island (36LA60,61) is a prehistoric archaeological site located in the Susquehanna River at Martic Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Duncan Island (36LA60,61)	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koti Lateh (Persian: كتي لته‎, also Romanized as Kotī Lateh; also known as Kotī Latak) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Koti Lateh	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Rundle is a mountain in Canada's Banff National Park overlooking the towns of Banff and Canmore, Alberta.	Mount Rundle	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bast Bagh (Persian: بست باغ‎, also Romanized as Bast Bāgh) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bast Bagh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm-e Tamam Deh (Persian: گرم تمام ده‎, also Romanized as Garm-e Tamām Deh and Garm Tamām Deh; also known as Garm) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Garm-e Tamam Deh	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamraniyeh-ye Bala (Persian: كامرانيه بالا‎, also Romanized as Kāmrānīyeh-ye Bālā; also known as Kāmrānīyeh) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kamraniyeh-ye Bala	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oosterwijzend is a hamlet in the municipality of Drechterland, in the Dutch province of North-Holland.	Oosterwijzend	Drechterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talleh-ye Bala (Persian: تله بالا‎, also Romanized as Talleh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talleh-ye Bala	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Park Hospital (officially the U.S. General Hospital, Central Park) was a military hospital that operated in New York City during the American Civil War, from 1862 to 1865.	Central Park Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udrežnje (Serbian Cyrillic: Удрежње) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Udrežnje	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Netta Druga (ˈnɛtːa ˈdruɡa) (Lithuanian: Mėta II) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Netta Druga	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rossington is a civil parish and former mining village in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England and is surrounded by countryside and the market towns of Bawtry and Tickhill.	Rossington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuussuup Kangia (old spelling: Nûgssûp Kangia, Danish: Ryder Isfjord) is a fjord in northwestern Greenland, located at the northern end of Upernavik Archipelago.	Nuussuup Kangia	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duist is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht, located between Amersfoort and Bunschoten.	Duist	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	One PNC Plaza is a high-rise office building located in the Golden Triangle neighborhood of the Central Business District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	One PNC Plaza	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokle (German: Rachel) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Rokle	Chomutov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åre Old Church (Swedish: Åre gamla kyrka) is a Romanesque church building situated in Åre, a parish within the Diocese of Härnösand and a locality in Åre Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden.	Åre Old Church	Åre Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księżyno (kɕɛ̃ˈʐɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Księżyno	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNER is a sports/talk radio station in Watertown, New York.	WNER	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appalachia High School, located in Appalachia, Virginia is part of Wise County Public Schools.	Appalachia High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęciszewo (pɛnt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Waltersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Pęciszewo	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maison Fournaise (House of Fournaise) is a restaurant and museum located on the Île des Impressionnistes in the Seine in Chatou, west of Paris.	Maison Fournaise	Chatou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąbnice (vɔmbˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wąbnice	Gmina Krośnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonoma State University (SSU, Sonoma State, and Sonoma) is a public comprehensive university, part of the 23-campus California State University (CSU) system.	Sonoma State University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Su Kacha (Persian: سوكاچا‎, also Romanized as Sū Kāchā; also known as Sekāchel) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Su Kacha	Eslamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Højby is a Danish town, seat of the Odsherred Municipality, in the Region Sjælland.	Højby	Odsherred Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tipton is a town in the borough of Sandwell, West Midlands, England, with a population of around 38,777 at the 2011 census.	Tipton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarntal (Italian: Sarentino) is a valley and a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of the city of Bolzano.	Sarntal	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Youghiogheny Scenic & Wild River is a river given special protected status by the state of Maryland.	Youghiogheny Scenic & Wild River	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Kard Gam (Persian: بيدكردگم‎, also Romanized as Bīd Kard Gam; also known as Bīd Kabgān, Bīdak-e-Yekān, and Bīdak Yekān) is a village in Neh Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bid Kard Gam	Neh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robin Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Donald Lynch Boulevard in Marlborough, Massachusetts, overlooking the Assabet River.	Robin Hill Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinnasalem is a taluk-panchayat town in Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Chinnasalem	Viluppuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMHA (91.3 FM, ``Alternative 91'') is a radio station licensed to serve Four Bears, North Dakota.	KMHA	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Rezvan (Persian: بنه رضوان‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Rez̤vān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Rezvan	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merion Friends Meeting House in Merion Station, Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania is the second oldest Friends meeting house in the United States (after the Third Haven Meeting House in Maryland) and remains the place of worship of the Merion Monthly Meeting of The Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).	Merion Friends Meeting House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grohmann Museum, at Milwaukee School of Engineering, is home to the world's most comprehensive art collection dedicated to the evolution of human work.	Grohmann Museum	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alberta Park is a park located in northeast Portland, Oregon.	Alberta Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Roxbury is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts bordered by Roslindale to the northeast, the Towns of Dedham and Needham to the west and south, the Town of Brookline to the north, and the City of Newton to the west.	West Roxbury	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Manyara is a shallow lake in the Natron-Manyara-Balangida branch of the East African Rift in Manyara Region in Tanzania.	Lake Manyara	Manyara Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhaeb District (Khmer: ឆែប) is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia.	Chhaeb District	Preah Vihear Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greyfriars Bobby was a Skye Terrier who became known in 19th-century Edinburgh for supposedly spending 14 years guarding the grave of his owner until he died himself on 14 January 1872.	Greyfriars Bobby	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raymond's Hill is a residential area off the A35 road in Devon, England, right on the border with the county of Dorset.	Raymond's Hill	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Modrzejowa (ˈvulka mɔdʐɛˈjɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Modrzejowa	Gmina Rzeczniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelson's Dockyard is a cultural heritage site and marina in English Harbour, Antigua.	Nelson's Dockyard	English Harbour
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tytsjerksteradiel (Dutch: Tietjerksteradeel) is a municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands.	Tytsjerksteradiel	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark County Jail is a historic structure located in Neillsville, Wisconsin.	Clark County Jail	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwick St John is a village and civil parish in southwest Wiltshire, England, about 5 miles (8 km) east of Shaftesbury in Dorset.	Berwick St John	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezhi (Persian: بژي‎, also Romanized as Bezhī) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bezhi	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aline Covered Bridge, also known as Meiserville Covered Bridge, is a historic covered bridge located in Perry Township near Meiserville in Snyder County, Pennsylvania.	Aline Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cascade Christian Schools (CCS) is a district of private schools in Pierce County, Washington.	Cascade Christian Schools	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rood Candy Company Building or Rood Candy Company is a historic manufacturing plant in Pueblo, Colorado.	Rood Candy Company Building	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niekłonice (ɲɛkwɔˈnit͡sɛ) (formerly German Neuklenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niekłonice	Gmina Świeszyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pancrudo is a municipality in the Teruel Community comarca, Teruel province, Aragon, Spain.	Pancrudo	Teruel Community
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polajny (pɔˈlai̯nɨ) (German Paulehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Polajny	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	X Condominium is a high-rise condominium building located at 110 Charles Street E. near the intersection of Bloor and Jarvis in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada by Great Gulf Homes.	X Condominium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	1 Treasury Place (also known as the State Government Office) is a government building in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia that was built in the '60s and comprises five levels of office accommodation.	1 Treasury Place	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Morgan Municipal Airport (ICAO: KFMM, FAA LID: FMM, formerly 3V4) is six miles north of Fort Morgan, in Morgan County, Colorado.	Fort Morgan Municipal Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Bernard's School of Theology and Ministry is a Roman Catholic theological school in Pittsford, New York.	St. Bernard's School of Theology and Ministry	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Nuys Assembly was a General Motors automobile factory in Van Nuys, California.	Van Nuys Assembly	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kengtung Township (Burmese: ကျိုင်းတုံမြို့နယ်; also spelled Kyaingtong, Kengtong, Thai: เมืองเชียงตุง or Mueang Chiang Tung) is a township of Kengtung District in the Shan State of Myanmar.	Kengtung Township	Kengtung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalabad-e Seyyed Sadeq (Persian: لعل ابادسيدصادق‎, also Romanized as La``lābād-e Seyyed Şādeq) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 36 families.	Lalabad-e Seyyed Sadeq	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reeves-Reed Arboretum (13.5 acres (5.5 ha)) is a nonprofit arboretum and garden located at 165 Hobart Avenue in Summit, Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Reeves-Reed Arboretum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poverty Island is a small island in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Poverty Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubikówko (lubiˈkufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Lubikówko	Gmina Przytoczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Awbury Historic District is a historic area in the East Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Awbury Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luszkowo (luʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Luszkowo	Gmina Pruszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Patrick Henry Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the South Fork Holston River within the city of Kingsport, in Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Fort Patrick Henry Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałowo-Wróble (mixaˈwɔvɔ ˈvrublɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michałowo-Wróble	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaza Dorrego (Spanish: Dorrego Square) is a square located in the heart of San Telmo, in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Plaza Dorrego	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almanabad (Persian: المان اباد‎, also Romanized as Ālmānābād) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Almanabad	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church History Library in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah houses materials chronicling the history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Church History Library	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cetti Bay is a historic site near Umatac, Guam, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Cetti Bay	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nansen Ski Jump is a ski jump located along Route 16 in Milan, New Hampshire, just north of the Berlin city line.	Nansen Ski Jump	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montrose Mansion and Chapel, originally known as Montrose Mansion, is a historic home located on the grounds of the former Maryland Industrial Training School for Girls at Reisterstown, Baltimore County, Maryland.	Montrose Mansion and Chapel	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys (West Boys, West Catholic, Burrs) opened it doors in 1916, at 49th Street between Chestnut and Market Streets in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Center City Historic District is a grouping of 19 homes and one church along Summit Avenue in Center City, Minnesota, United States.	Center City Historic District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaufort County Airport (IATA: BFT, ICAO: KARW, FAA LID: ARW, formerly 73J) is a county owned, public use airport in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States.	Beaufort County Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Zolfaqar (Persian: بنه ذوالفقار‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Zolfaqār) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Zolfaqar	Lalar and Katak Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Bid-e Jowkar (Persian: دره بيدجوكار‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bīd-e Jowkār; also known as Darreh Bīd) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Bid-e Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blunt Peninsula is a peninsula in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Blunt Peninsula	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Creek Forest is located in Bothell, Washington and surrounds a section of the 12.6-mile (20.3 km) North Creek and encompasses 64 acres of mature second growth mixed coniferous/hardwood forest with 7 streams and 9 wetlands.	North Creek Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Redstone is in La Valle in northern Sauk County of Wisconsin, United States.	Lake Redstone	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirini-ye Saqah (Persian: شيريني سقاه‎, also Romanized as Shīrīnī-ye Seqāh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shirini-ye Saqah	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ketugram II (community development block) (Bengali: কেতুগ্রাম II সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Katwa subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Ketugram II (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarsi-ye Nematollah (Persian: ازارسي نعمت اله‎, also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Neʿmatollah) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azarsi-ye Nematollah	Deraz Kola Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Nowruz (Persian: قلعه نوروز‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Nowrūz) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 311, in 85 families.	Qaleh Nowruz	Korzan Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parione is the VI rione of Rome.	Parione	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koreh Jub (Persian: كره جوب‎, also Romanized as Koreh Jūb; also known as Kūreh Jūb) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Koreh Jub	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karczewie (karˈt͡ʂɛvjɛ) (German: Marienau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Karczewie	Gmina Płoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Causse de Blandas is a limestone karst plateau in the south of the Massif Central in the Gard department, in southern France.	Causse de Blandas	Gard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The D. W. Griffith House is a historic building in La Grange, Kentucky in the United States.	D. W. Griffith House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Gate Square is a shopping center complex located along the border between Moorestown and Mount Laurel in New Jersey.	East Gate Square	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavenham is a small village and civil parish on the River Great Ouse in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire, England, about 6 miles (10 km) north-west of Bedford.	Pavenham	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTOR (770 AM) is a daytime-only radio station licensed to Youngstown, New York, USA.	WTOR	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stibbert Museum (Italian: Museo Stibbert) is located on via Frederick Stibbert on the hill of Montughi in Florence, Italy.	Stibbert Museum	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pelham Range is a small mountain range on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Sarita and between the Sarita River and Alberni Inlet.	Pelham Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooker Falls is a 14-foot (3 m) waterfall located in the DuPont State Forest, southeast of Brevard, North Carolina.	Hooker Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardan Kalat (Persian: گردن كلات‎, also Romanized as Gardan Kalāt and Gardankalāt) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gardan Kalat	Khafri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murdu (Persian: موردو‎, also Romanized as Mūrdū) is a village in Khamir Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Murdu	Khamir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzan Dar (Persian: مرزان در‎, also Romanized as Marzān Dar) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District, Ahmadi District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Marzan Dar	Kuh Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ventura County Courthouse, also known as Ventura City Hall, was designed in 1910 by one of the early pioneers of architecture in Southern California:	Ventura County Courthouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troy University at Montgomery is a satellite campus of Troy University and is located in Montgomery, Alabama.	Troy University at Montgomery	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCMJ (96.7 FM) is a mostly Top 40 radio station in Cambridge, Ohio, owned locally by AVC Communications, Inc. The station broadcasts with a power of 2,300 Watts and is simply known as ``96FM'' to listeners.	WCMJ	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szwecja (ˈʂfɛt͡sja) (formerly German Freudenfier) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Szwecja	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDermott Center is a 2,000-seat multi-purpose arena in San Antonio, Texas on the campus of the University of the Incarnate Word.	McDermott Center	San Antonio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District (Persian: دهستان نقش رستم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalstone is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Shalstone	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Baland (Persian: كناربلند‎, also Romanized as Konār Baland) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Konar Baland	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery covers 982 acres (397 ha) in Elwood, Illinois.	Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest is a comprehensive four-year public high school serving students from several municipalities in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Northern Valley Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petit Trianon (French pronunciation: ​(pəti tʁijanɔ̃); ``small Trianon''), built between 1762 and 1768 during the reign of Louis XV, is a small château located on the grounds of the Palace of Versailles in Versailles, France.	Petit Trianon	Versailles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Thicket is the name of a heavily forested area in Southeast Texas, United States.	Big Thicket	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diamond Apartments are an apartment building located at 321 Diamond St. in Redondo Beach, California.	Diamond Apartments	Redondo Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam Kola (Persian: كامكلا‎, also Romanized as Kām Kolā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kam Kola	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klingnau Castle (German: Schloss Klingnau) is a castle in the municipality of Klingnau in the Swiss canton of Aargau.	Klingnau Castle	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Bohemian Museum (Czech: Muzeum východních Čech) is a museum and historic landmark in Hradec Králové, Czech Republic.	East Bohemian Museum	Hradec Králové
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larch Farm, also known as the Goldsmith-Pickering House, is a historic First Period farmhouse at 38 Larch Road in Wenham, Massachusetts.	Larch Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucky Hit is one of the oldest brick houses in southwestern Clarke County, Virginia.	Lucky Hit	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valhalla Golf Club, located east of Louisville, Kentucky, is a private golf club designed by Jack Nicklaus, opened in 1986.	Valhalla Golf Club	Louisville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balagoda (Bolani) is a census town in Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha, India.	Balagoda	Kendujhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swabian-Franconian Forest (German: Schwäbisch-Fränkischen Waldberge, also Schwäbisch-Fränkischer Wald) is an mainly forested, deeply incised upland region, 1,187 km² in area and up to 586.4 m above sea level (NHN), in the northeast of Baden-Württemberg.	Swabian-Franconian Forest	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponganadu is a small town near Kilimanoor in Thiruvananthapuram district, Kerala, India.	Ponganadu	Thiruvananthapuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Steel Bridge is a truss arch bridge that spans the south fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County, Washington.	High Steel Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Airport (ICAO: KEDU, FAA LID: EDU, formerly 0O5) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Davis, a city in Yolo County, California, United States.	University Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان تشان غربی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District	Tashan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeVos Place Convention Center, erected in 2004 on the Grand River in downtown Grand Rapids, Michigan, USA, is a multi-purpose convention center.	DeVos Place Convention Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Bromierz (ˈnɔvɨ ˈbrɔmjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Bromierz	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khayesk (Persian: خايسك‎, also Romanized as Khāyesk) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khayesk	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallkill Valley Regional High School is a four-year public high school and regional school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from four municipalities in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Wallkill Valley Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mergenthaler Vocational-Technical High School (commonly referred to as Mervo) is a public high school located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Mergenthaler Vocational-Technical High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stein Eriksen Lodge Deer Valley is a luxury resort located on Deer Valley Resort, 7700 Stein Way, Park City, Utah, USA.	Stein Eriksen Lodge Deer Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Leyden High School is a secondary school located in Franklin Park, Illinois (a suburb of Chicago) which educates grades 9-12.	East Leyden High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helemsi (Persian: حلمسي‎, also Romanized as Ḩelemsī) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Helemsi	Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Frideswide's Church is a Church of England church on the south side of the Botley Road in New Osney, west Oxford, England.	St Frideswide's Church	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merag Gewog (Dzongkha: མེ་རག་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashigang District, Bhutan.	Merag Gewog	Trashigang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Diplomatic Corps (Russian: Музей дипломатического корпуса) is a private historical museum located in Russian city Vologda.	Museum of Diplomatic Corps	Vologda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The One San Miguel Avenue is an office skyscraper located at San Miguel Avenue (hence the building's name) in Ortigas Center, Pasig, Philippines.	One San Miguel Avenue	Pasig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rathedaung Township (Burmese: ရသေ့တောင်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Sittwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar.	Rathedaung Township	Sittwe District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sigh Chal (Persian: سيغ چال‎, also Romanized as Sīgh Chāl) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sigh Chal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevalier College is an Australian Catholic co-educational school in Burradoo, New South Wales conducted by the priests and brothers of the international religious institute, the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart (M.S.C.).	Chevalier College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Alcornocales Natural Park (in Spanish, Parque natural de Los Alcornocales) is a natural park located in the south of Spain, in the autonomous community of Andalusia; it is shared between the provinces of Cádiz and Málaga.	Los Alcornocales Natural Park	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palm Springs Air Museum (PSAM), is a non-profit educational institution in Palm Springs, Riverside County, California.	Palm Springs Air Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kôtomo Island is a small island off the Isle of Pines, New Caledonia.	Kôtomo Island	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Kingshill is a small village in the parish of Hughenden in Buckinghamshire, England.	Great Kingshill	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benassal (Benasal in Spanish) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Maestrat, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.	Benassal	Alt Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	It runs through the community of Kent Narrows, Maryland.	Kent Narrows	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ipswich State High School is a State Secondary school in the suburb of Brassall, Ipswich, Queensland, Australia, established in 1963.	Ipswich State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kowloon Cricket Club (Chinese: 九龍木球會) is a members only cricket club and social club situated in Kowloon, Hong Kong, on Cox's Road.	Kowloon Cricket Club	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mummy Cave is a rock shelter and archeological site in Park County, Wyoming, United States, near the eastern entrance to Yellowstone National Park.	Mummy Cave	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Wexford (Irish: Contae Loch Garman) is a county in Ireland.	County Wexford	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Na Toeng (Thai: แม่นาเติง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pai District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae Na Toeng	Pai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harsol (also spelled Harsola, anciently Harshapura) is a small town in the Prantij taluka of the Sabarkantha district of Gujarat, India.	Harsol	Sabarkantha district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilman Park Arboretum, consisting of 14 acres (57,000 m²), is an arboretum in Pierce, Nebraska.	Gilman Park Arboretum	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Koreh (Persian: تنگ کره‎; also known as Kohreh and Rashīdābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang Koreh	Central District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Mowmen (Persian: شاه مومن‎, also Romanized as Shāh Mowmen; also known as Shāhmomen) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shah Mowmen	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scioto River (/saɪˈoʊtoʊ/ sy-OH-toh or /saɪˈoʊtə/ sy-OH-tə) is a river in central and southern Ohio more than 231 miles (372 km) in length.	Scioto River	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ystrad Aeron is a small village west of Felinfach on the A482 between Lampeter and Aberaeron in Ceredigion, west Wales, at a junction with the B4342 road that leads to Llanarth on the A487 near New Quay It has two pubs, a church, a garage and a caravan park.	Ystrad Aeron	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradise Wildlife Park is a family-run animal park located in Broxbourne in Hertfordshire, England.	Paradise Wildlife Park	Broxbourne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darisiyeh-ye Vosta (Persian: دريسيه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Darīsīyeh-e Vosţá; also known as Dirsiyeh) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darisiyeh-ye Vosta	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doru Shahabad (also written as Dooru Shahabad or only Doru) is a town and a notified area committee in Anantnag district of the Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir.	Doru Shahabad	Jammu & Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Low Flight Strip is an abandoned military airfield located approximately 13 miles (21 km) west of the ghost town of Low, Utah.	Low Flight Strip	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumber River State Park is a North Carolina state park along the Lumber River in Scotland, Hoke, Robeson and Columbus counties in the United States.	Lumber River State Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desert Palms Park (DPP) is a neighborhood in Tucson, Arizona.	Desert Palms Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sport complex JAR Stadium is a stadium located in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.	JAR Stadium	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bermuda Dunes Airport (IATA: UDD, ICAO: KUDD, FAA LID: UDD) is a public use airport located 13 nautical miles (15 mi, 24 km) east of the central business district of Palm Springs, a city in the Coachella Valley in Riverside County, California, United States.	Bermuda Dunes Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lace Museum is located in Piazza Galuppi, Burano, Italy, at the palace that was seat of the Burano Lace School.	Lace Museum	Burano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium is a 95-acre (38 ha) zoo and aquarium in Litchfield Park, Arizona, United States, near Phoenix.	Wildlife World Zoo	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Schönborn-Batthyány is a Baroque palace in the Josefstadt district of Vienna, Austria.	Palais Schönborn-Batthyány	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wagner Covered Bridge No. 19 is a historic wooden covered bridge, originally built in Locust Township in Columbia County, Pennsylvania.	Wagner Covered Bridge No. 19	Columbia County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Boisjoli is a hill that rises to approximately 350 metres (1,150 ft) in Hatley, Quebec, Canada.	Mont Boisjoli	Hatley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qajar Kheyl-e Khurandi (Persian: قاجارخيل خورندي‎, also Romanized as Qājār Kheyl-e Khūrandī; also known as Qājār Kheyl) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Jonubi Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qajar Kheyl-e Khurandi	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapel of Santa Àgata (Catalan: Capella de Santa Àgata, Spanish: Capilla de Santa Ágata) is a chapel located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Chapel of Santa Àgata	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wentworth Institute of Technology (WIT) is an independent, co-educational, technical design and engineering college located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Wentworth Institute of Technology	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmsford Reformed Church and Cemetery is a historic Dutch Reformed church/meeting house and cemetery at 30 S. Central Avenue in Elmsford, Westchester County, New York.	Elmsford Reformed Church and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siverek (Kurdish: Sêwreg‎) is a town and district in the south-east of Turkey, in Şanlıurfa Province.	Siverek	Şanlıurfa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Sierra Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area in the Southern Sierra Nevada, in eastern California.	South Sierra Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Khanlu (Persian: شيخ كانلو‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Khānlū) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Khanlu	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cyncynopol (t͡sɨnt͡sɨˈnɔpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cyncynopol	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honey Run Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge crossing Butte Creek, in Butte County, northern California.	Honey Run Covered Bridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Yarahmadi (Persian: حسين ابادياراحمدي‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Yāraḩmadī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Yarahmadi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiferet Yisrael Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת תפארת ישראל‎; Yiddish: Tiferes Yisroel), most often spelled Tiferet Israel, was one of the most outstanding synagogues in the Old City of Jerusalem in the 19th and 20th centuries.	Tiferet Yisrael Synagogue	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abhanpur is a tehsil in Raipur district, Chhattisgarh, India.	Abhanpur	Raipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hastings Stadium is a baseball park located at Exhibition Park in Guelph, Ontario and home the Guelph Royals of the Intercounty Baseball League and the home of the Guelph Silvercreeks.	Hastings Stadium	Guelph
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakwood Adventist Academy (OAA) is a Seventh-day Adventist co-educational K-12 school located on the campus of Oakwood University in Huntsville, Alabama.	Oakwood Adventist Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denby House is a historic raised cottage in Mobile, Alabama.	Denby House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercrychan is a small village in the north-east of Carmarthenshire.	Abercrychan	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wijtgaard (West Frisian: Wytgaard) is a village in Leeuwarden in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Wijtgaard	Leeuwarden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pytalovo (Russian: Пыта́лово; Latvian: Pitalova) is a town and the administrative center of Pytalovsky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Utroya River (a tributary of the Velikaya), 102 kilometers (63 mi) southwest of Pskov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Pytalovo	Pytalovsky District	Pskov Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Rock, a prominent pale-coloured rockface on a peak, is the major feature of interest of the White Rock Conservation Park, 30 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	White Rock Conservation Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łódź East County (Polish: powiat łódzki wschodni) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Łódź East County	Łódź Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitar Mansion, also known as Harry A. Green House or the Harry A. and Ada Green House, is a mansion in the Laurelhurst neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Bitar Mansion	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birch Island Run is a stream in Cameron County and Clinton County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Birch Island Run	Cameron County	Clinton County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Town of Dalby was a local government area of Queensland, Australia which managed the affairs of Dalby.	Town of Dalby	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The B. E. Ridyard Three-Decker is an historic three-decker house at 29 Dewey Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	B. E. Ridyard Three-Decker	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harriswood Crescent is a historic series of rowhouses at 60-88 Harold Street in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Harriswood Crescent	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Gulch Dinosaur Tracksite is an assemblage of fossil dinosaur footprints on public land near Shell, in Big Horn County, Wyoming.	Red Gulch Dinosaur Tracksite	Big Horn County	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darazminak (Persian: درازمينك‎, also Romanized as Darāzmīnaḵ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Darazminak	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church, officially The Parish of Christ Church, Hyde Park is a historic church building built in 1893 at 1220 River Road in Hyde Park, Massachusetts, a neighborhood of Boston.	Christ Church, Hyde Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDIY (88.1 FM) is a community public radio station licensed to Allentown, Pennsylvania, with studios in Bethlehem.	WDIY	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pompton Lake is a 175-acre man-made lake on the Ramapo River which is located within the towns of Pompton Lakes and Wayne in Passaic County, New Jersey.	Pompton Lake	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashkuh-e Vosta (Persian: تاشكوه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Tāshkūh-e Vosţá) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tashkuh-e Vosta	Mian Band Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piercebridge is a village and civil parish in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of Durham, England.	Piercebridge	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint Paul City Hall and Ramsey County Courthouse, located at 15 Kellogg Boulevard West in Saint Paul, Ramsey County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a twenty-story Art Deco skyscraper built during the Great Depression era of high unemployment and falling prices.	Saint Paul City Hall and Ramsey County Courthouse	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Alison is a summer village in Alberta, Canada.	Point Alison	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalat-e Pain (Persian: قلات پائين‎, also Romanized as Qalāt-e Pā’īn and Qallat-e Pā’īn; also known as Kalāt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tazian Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qalat-e Pain	Tazian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemojewiec (ɲɛmɔˈjɛvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Niemojewiec	Gmina Raszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strachówko (straˈxufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strachówko	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willamette Ballet Academy is the only ballet school in the small town of Woodburn, Oregon.	Willamette Ballet Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Julius Nyerere International Convention Centre (JNICC) is a convention centre located in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.	Julius Nyerere International Convention Centre	Dar es Salaam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Bog State Recreation Area, a recent addition to the Minnesota state park system, is located on Minnesota State Highway 72, north of Waskish, Minnesota.	Big Bog State Recreation Area	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hancock Shaker Village is a former Shaker village in Hancock, Massachusetts that was established in 1791.	Hancock Shaker Village	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhsalar-e Sofla (Persian: كوهسالارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūhsālār-e Soflá; also known as Kūsālār-e Soflá and Kūsālār-e Pā'īn) is a village in Barvanan-e Markazi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuhsalar-e Sofla	Barvanan-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, on the Mississippi River southeast of Winona.	Great River Bluffs State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surak Rural District (Persian: دهستان سورك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Lirdaf District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Surak Rural District	Lirdaf District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Stafford Hotel (or North Staffordshire Hotel) is a hotel and Grade II* listed building in Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire, England, opposite the city's railway station (itself a Grade II* listed building).	North Stafford Hotel	Stoke-on-Trent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westin Bonaventure Hotel and Suites is a 367-foot (112 m), 35-story hotel in Los Angeles, California, constructed between 1974 and 1976.	Westin Bonaventure Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Titan Wind Project is 25MW wind farm with a proposed expansion to 5,050 MW, formerly known as Rolling Thunder, based in South Dakota.	Titan Wind Project	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cumberland State Resort Park is a state park located on the northern shore of Lake Cumberland near Jamestown, Kentucky in Russell County.	Lake Cumberland State Resort Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johl Darak (Persian: جهل درك‎; also known as Johldarag and Jūhl Darak) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Johl Darak	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panshidian (Chinese: 盘石店镇) is a town in Haiyang, Yantai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Panshidian	Haiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ZCMI Center Mall was a shopping center near Temple Square in Salt Lake City, Utah that was owned by Zions Securities Corporation, which opened in 1975 and closed in 2007.	ZCMI Center Mall	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuy-e Montazeri (Persian: كوي منتظري‎, also Romanized as Kūy-e Montaz̧erī) was a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuy-e Montazeri	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noresund is a small village in Krødsherad, in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Noresund	Krødsherad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chin Zal (Persian: چين زال‎, also Romanized as Chīn Zāl; also known as Chīnzāl) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chin Zal	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	RN Pudur also known as Ramanathapuram Pudur is a residential village located in Erode district in Tamil Nadu, India.	RN Pudur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashtab (Persian: پشتاب‎, also Romanized as Pashtāb) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pashtab	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeście Nowe (ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzeście Nowe	Gmina Baboszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copdock is a small village settlement in Suffolk, southeastern England.	Copdock	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Careby Aunby and Holywell is a civil parish in the district of South Kesteven, south-west Lincolnshire, in England.	Careby Aunby and Holywell	South Kesteven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodland Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located just outside the city of Grand Rapids, Michigan, in the city of Kentwood.	Woodland Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lu Sara (Persian: لوسرا‎, also Romanized as Lū Sarā) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lu Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westchester Country Club (or Westchester Biltmore Country Club) was founded by John McEntee Bowman, who hired Walter Travis to design two golf courses in the Town of Harrison, New York as a luxury resort hotel.	Westchester Country Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horley is a town in Surrey on the border of Surrey and West Sussex, England, south of the twin towns of Reigate and Redhill, and neighbouring Gatwick Airport and in turn Crawley.	Horley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temperance Flat Dam is a proposed dam project on the San Joaquin River west of Auberry, California.	Temperance Flat Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Nargesi (Persian: سراب نرگسي‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Nargesī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Nargesi	Tolbozan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winfree Academy is a set of charter schools located in North Texas.	Winfree Academy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzeboszowice (tʂɛbɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Schwammelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Trzeboszowice	Gmina Paczków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fizadan (Persian: فيزادان‎, also Romanized as Fīzādān; also known as Fāzādān, Pazādān, and Pīzādān) is a village in Keraj Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Fizadan	Keraj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blow-Me-Down Grange is a historic Grange hall at 1071 New Hampshire Route 12A in Plainfield, New Hampshire, United States.	Blow-Me-Down Grange	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Fraser Secondary School is a high school (serving grades 9-12) located on Erin Centre Boulevard, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	John Fraser Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flintstone House is a free-form, single-family residence in Hillsborough, California overlooking, and best seen from the Eugene A. Doran Memorial Bridge on Interstate 280.	The Flintstone House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockey's Air Strip (FAA LID: II10) is an airport located in unincorporated Cass County, Indiana, United States.	Rockey's Air Strip	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuxin Subdistrict (Chinese: 玉新街道; pinyin: yùxīn jiēdào) is a township-level division situated in Haojiang District, Shantou, Guangdong, China.	Yuxin Subdistrict	Haojiang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltan Nasir (Persian: سلطان نصير‎, also Romanized as Solţān Naşīr; also known as Sultān Nasīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Soltan Nasir	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harzburg, also called Große Harzburg (``Great Harz Castle''), is a former imperial castle, situated on the northwestern edge of the Harz mountain range overlooking the spa resort of Bad Harzburg in Goslar District in the state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Harzburg	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baharestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان بهارستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Baharestan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Mirabat is a ruined castle dating from before the Middle Ages in the communes of Seix, Oust and Ustou in the Ariège département of France.	Château de Mirabat	Seix	Oust	Ustou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa-Carleton District School Board (OCDSB, known as English-language Public District School Board No. 25 prior to 1999) refers to both the institution responsible for the operation of all English public schools in the city of Ottawa, Ontario and its governing body.	Ottawa-Carleton District School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kerrville Folk Festival is a music festival held for 18 consecutive days in the late spring/early summer at Quiet Valley Ranch near Kerrville, Texas.	Kerrville Folk Festival	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Anniversary State Forest is a state forest located near Grand Rapids in southern Itasca County, Minnesota.	Golden Anniversary State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosorowice (kɔsɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Kossorowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów Opolski, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kosorowice	Gmina Tarnów Opolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of the Holy Communion, Episcopal is an historic stone Episcopal church building located at 116 North Minnesota Avenue St. Peter, Minnesota, United States.	Church of the Holy Communion, Episcopal	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sud-Comoé Region is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast and is part of Comoé District.	Sud-Comoé	Ivory Coast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franconia Airport (FAA LID: 1B5) is a public airport located in Franconia, New Hampshire, two miles (3 km) south of the central business district of Franconia, in Grafton County, New Hampshire, USA.	Franconia Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mordeh Katan (Persian: مرده كتان‎, also Romanized as Mordeh Katān) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mordeh Katan	Bozkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Renner Village Archeological Site (23PL1) is a prehistoric archaeological site located in the municipality of Riverside, Platte County, Missouri.	Renner Village Archeological Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montefiore Cemetery, also known as ``Old Montefiore Cemetery,'' is a Jewish cemetery in Springfield Gardens, Queens, New York.	Montefiore Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalwhinnie railway station lies on the Highland Main Line from Perth to Inverness.	Dalwhinnie	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castle Road (German: Burgenstraße) is a theme route in southern Germany (in Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg) and a small portion in the Czech Republic, between Mannheim and Prague.	Castle Road	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eidsvåg Church (Norwegian: Eidsvåg kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Eidsvåg Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peden Stadium is an American football stadium on the banks of the Hocking River in Athens, Ohio.	Peden Stadium	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guernica (Basque pronunciation: (ɡerˈnika)), official and Basque name Gernika, is a town in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain.	Guernica	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yate and Pickup Bank is a civil parish in the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England.	Yate and Pickup Bank	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rożubowice (rɔʐubɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Rożubowice	Gmina Przemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suchorzew (suˈxɔʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Suchorzew	Gmina Pleszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Illinois Regional Airport at Bloomington-Normal (IATA: BMI, ICAO: KBMI, FAA LID: BMI) is a public airport in McLean County, Illinois, three miles east of Bloomington and southeast of Normal.	Central Illinois Regional Airport	McLean County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rud Bar-e Firuz Ja (Persian: رودبارفيروزجا‎, also Romanized as Rūd Bār-e Fīrūz Jā; also known as Rūd Bār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rud Bar-e Firuz Ja	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasilla High School (WHS) is a public secondary school in Wasilla, Alaska, United States, serving students in grades 9--12.	Wasilla High School	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arshaly District (Kazakh: Аршалы ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Arshaly District	Akmola Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrzeszewo (ɔstʂɛˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostrzeszewo	Gmina Purda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Hajji (Persian: پيرحاجي‎, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājjī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pir Hajji	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fekejur (Persian: فكجور‎, also Romanized as Fekejūr; also known as Fīkīchūr) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fekejur	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alireza Chay (Persian: عليرضاچاي‎, also Romanized as Alīreẕā Chāy; also known as ``Alīreẕā Chā'ī) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 269, in 41 families.	Alireza Chay	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Zagheh-ye Pain (Persian: دره زاغه پائين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Zāgheh-ye Pā’īn and Darreh Zāgheh Pā’īn; also known as Darreh Zāgheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Zagheh-ye Pain	Valanjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The OS Museum, also known as the OS Ranch Museum, is a hybrid collection of mainly sculpture and paintings of Texas, the American West, and Asia located in the small city of Post, the seat of Garza County in West Texas.	OS Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betley is a village and civil parish in the Newcastle district of Staffordshire, England, about halfway between Newcastle-under-Lyme and Nantwich.	Betley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Vero Milis (Sardinian: Sant' Eru) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Oristano.	San Vero Milis	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizerte Governorate (Tunisian Arabic: ولاية بَنزرت‎ Wilāyat Banzart pronounced (bɑnˈzɑrt)) is the northernmost of the 24 governorates of Tunisia.	Bizerte Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahargin (Persian: لهرگين‎, also Romanized as Lahargīn and Lahrgīn; also known as Laharjīn and Lakhargin) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Lahargin	Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koufalia (Greek: Κουφάλια) is a municipal unit and a town of the Chalkidona municipality.	Koufalia	Chalkidona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albignasego is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Venice and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of Padua.	Albignasego	Province of Padua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bob Jones University (BJU) is a private non-denominational Protestant university in Greenville, South Carolina, known for its conservative cultural and religious positions.	Bob Jones University	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwandu, also called Gando, is a town and emirate in Kebbi State, Nigeria.	Gwandu	Kebbi State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Prusinowska (ˈvulka pruɕiˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Prusinowska	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridge Point High School (RPHS) is a public high school located adjacent to the Sienna Plantation master-planned community in an unincorporated area of Fort Bend County, Texas.	Ridge Point High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guanmiao District (Chinese: 關廟區; pinyin: Guānmiào Qū; Wade--Giles: Kuan1-miao4 Ch'ü1) is a rural district in southeastern Tainan City, Taiwan.	Guanmiao District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhangjiazhuang (Chinese: 张家庄镇) is a township-level division of Gaocheng, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhangjiazhuang	Gaocheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lloyd Jones is a mountain in South West Tasmania named after aviator and adventurer, Lloyd Lindsay Jones MBE (1916--2004).	Mount Lloyd Jones	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melicucco (Greek: Melikoukos) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Melicucco	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ruth Bancroft Garden is a 2.5 acre (10,000 m²) public dry garden containing more than 2,000 cactus, succulents, trees, and shrubs native to Africa, Australia, California, Chile, and Mexico.	Ruth Bancroft Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvanof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Vanov	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopkins Mountain Historic District is a national historic district located in the Monongahela National Forest near Alvon, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.	Hopkins Mountain Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallodoro (Sicilian: Jaddudoru) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Messina.	Gallodoro	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frazier History Museum (formerly the Frazier Historical Arms Museum and, more recently, the Frazier International History Museum) is a museum in Louisville, Kentucky's ``Museum Row'' in the West Main District of downtown.	Frazier History Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleh Dam (Persian: گله دام‎, also Romanized as Goleh Dām; also known as Gol Ādam) is a village in Shenetal Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Goleh Dam	Shenetal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schriever Air Force Base (Schriever AFB) is a base of the United States Air Force located approximately 10 miles (16 kilometers) east of Peterson AFB near Colorado Springs in El Paso County, Colorado, United States.	Schriever Air Force Base	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meek Mansion is a historic mansion in unincorporated Cherryland, California, just north of Hayward.	Meek Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durfee Mills is an historic textile mill complex located at 359-479 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Durfee Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh-e Qaleh Sofla (Persian: كوه قلعه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e Qal``eh Soflá) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 16 families.	Kuh-e Qaleh Sofla	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Springs Metropark is a park in the Huron-Clinton system of metro parks in the US state of Michigan.	Indian Springs Metropark	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	SeaWorld San Diego is an animal theme park, oceanarium, outside aquarium, and marine mammal park, located in San Diego, California, United States.	SeaWorld San Diego	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reliance Building is a skyscraper located at 1 W. Washington Street in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Reliance Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Audrain Building is an architecturally significant commercial building located at 220-230 Bellevue Avenue, Newport, Rhode Island.	Audrain Building	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Sweek House, also originally known as Meadowbrook, is a historic residence in Tualatin, Oregon, United States.	John Sweek House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gershwin Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 222 West 51st Street in midtown-Manhattan in the Paramount Plaza building.	Gershwin Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maczków (ˈmat͡ʂkuf) (formerly German Matschdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Maczków	Gmina Cybinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Serpentine Pipehead Dam was constructed to use the Serpentine River, in Western Australia, to convey water from Serpentine Dam to the interconnection with the Metropolitan trunk main network.	Serpentine Pipehead Dam	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Station is a major transportation hub located at Causeway and Nashua Streets in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	North Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Gazeh (Persian: دره گازه‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Gāzeh and Darrehgazeh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Gazeh	Dehshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Bahar (Persian: پشت بهر‎) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District, Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Posht Bahar	Eshkanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Double Eagle II Airport (ICAO: KAEG, FAA LID: AEG) is a public airport located seven miles (11 km) northwest of the central business district of Albuquerque, a city in Bernalillo County, New Mexico, United States.	Double Eagle II Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laguna de las Momias (Lagoon of the Mummies), also known as Laguna de los Cóndores (Lagoon of the Condors) is an archaeological site located in Leimebamba, in the province of Chachapoyas in the Amazonas Region of Peru, excavated by the archaeologist Federico Kauffmann Doig.	Laguna de las Momias	Amazonas Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chemax Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``monkey's tree``) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (1,098.6 km2) of land and located roughly 185 km east of the city of Mérida.	Chemax Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rush House, also known as Sebastian Rush Hotel and Tavern, is a historic inn and tavern located at Wharton Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Rush House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiddleford is a hamlet in the county of Dorset in southern England, situated between Sturminster Newton and Okeford Fitzpaine in the North Dorset administrative district.	Fiddleford	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campina Grande (Portuguese ``Great Plain'') is the second most populous Brazilian city in the State of Paraíba after João Pessoa, the capital.	Campina Grande	Paraíba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snow-Reed Swing Bridge is one of the oldest bridges in the Fort Lauderdale area, and one of the few remaining swing bridges in Florida.	Snow-Reed Swing Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajarsfal Keyvan (Persian: اجرسفال كيوان‎, also Romanized as Ājarsfāl Keyvān) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ajarsfal Keyvan	Ali Jamal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aroostook Valley Country Club is a golf course which straddles the border between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick.	Aroostook Valley Country Club	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamesh (Persian: كمش‎) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kamesh	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Younts Peak is a peak in the Absaroka Range in northwestern Wyoming in the United States and the highest point in the Teton Wilderness.	Younts Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orłów-Kolonia (ˈɔrwuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, right in the middle of Poland.	Orłów-Kolonia	Gmina Bedlno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Halfway Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of 160 acres (0.65 km2.)	Halfway Lake National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Over the last decade, Irungattukottai has seen significant investments by large manufacturing industries and the Tamil Nadu Government.	Irungattukottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pączewo (pɔnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórcz, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pączewo	Gmina Skórcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tundri is a very big village in the dabhara tahsil; it is located in the Janjgir Chanpa District in Chhattisgarh, India.	Tundri	Chhattisgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh-e Sil (Persian: كوه سيل‎, also Romanized as Kūh-e Sīl) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kuh-e Sil	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boeing Plant 2 (also known as Air Force Plant 17) was a factory building which was built in 1936 by the Boeing Corporation in King County, Washington in the United States.	Boeing Plant 2	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guri Sabz (Persian: گري سبز‎, also Romanized as Gūrī Sabz) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Guri Sabz	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Hartwell State Park, formerly known as Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area, is a park located in Oconee County, South Carolina, near the community of Fair Play.	Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizzo di Brünesc (also known as Pizzo di Brunescio) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Cavergno, in the canton of Ticino.	Pizzo di Brünesc	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whispering Winds Catholic Conference Center is a camp in Southern California, United States, where Catholic followers can seek for refuge.	Whispering Winds Catholic Conference Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hare Field is a multi-sport facility located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Hare Field	Hillsboro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escalls is a hamlet near Sennen on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Escalls	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunhill is hamlet at the junction of a five-ways crossroads in the English county of Gloucestershire.	Sunhill	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patharia is a town and a nagar panchayat (country subdivision) in Damoh district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Patharia	Damoh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manteo High School is one of three high schools located in Dare County, North Carolina.	Manteo High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamer Kola (Persian: بامركلا‎, also Romanized as Bāmer Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bamer Kola	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrogościce (dɔbrɔɡɔɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (German: Hempelhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dobrogościce	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Gush (Persian: كته گوش‎, also Romanized as Kateh Gūsh) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kateh Gush	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palakkodu (also known as Palakod or Palacode) is a panchayat town in Dharmapuri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Palakkodu	Dharmapuri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellstye Green or Wells Tye Green is a hamlet located between the villages of High Easter and Barnston, in the Uttlesford district of Essex.	Wellstye Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Harbour is a Canadian municipality of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Red Harbour	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Liard (pronounced ``lee-ahrd'') is a chiefly First Nation settlement immediately west of Watson Lake in Canada's Yukon.	Upper Liard	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goebel Soccer Complex is a multi-purpose $3.4 million project that opened in the spring of 2004 on 70 acres (280,000 m2) of land in Evansville, Indiana, USA.	Goebel Soccer Complex	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borth (Welsh: Y Borth, (literally English: The Port)) is a coastal village 7 miles north of Aberystwyth in the county of Ceredigion, Mid Wales.	Borth	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ayres L. Bramble House is a historic residence on the eastern side of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Ayres L. Bramble House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cunningsburgh, formerly also known as Coningsburgh (Old Norse: Konungsborgr meaning ``King's castle''), is a hamlet and ancient parish in the south of Mainland, Shetland.	Cunningsburgh	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehzanun (Persian: ده زنون‎, also Romanized as Dehzanūn; also known as Dehzanān) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dehzanun	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Echo Hill Outdoor School was founded in 1972 by Peter P. Rice Jr. and is located near Betterton in Kent County on Maryland's Eastern Shore.	Echo Hill Outdoor School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hofje van Loo is a hofje on the Barrevoetstraat 7 in Haarlem, Netherlands.	Hofje van Loo	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Totham is a village in Essex, England, with a population of about 300, measured at 400 in the 2011 Census.	Little Totham	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelling Heath is an area of heathland on the coast of North Norfolk, England, between Holt and Weybourne.	Kelling Heath	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arches National Park is a US National Park in eastern Utah.	Arches National Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammersmith Academy is a non-denominational, all-ability, co-educational secondary academy for 11- to 18-year-olds specialising in Creative & Digital Media and Information Technology, located in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, West London, England.	Hammersmith Academy	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dublin is in the province of Leinster on Ireland's east coast, at the mouth of the River Liffey.	Dublin	Leinster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahmai County (Persian: شهرستان بهمئی‎) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province in Iran.	Bahmai County	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valfajar (Persian: والفجر‎, also Romanized as Vālfajar; also known as Gorbeh, Gorbeh’ī (Persian: گربه اي), Gowrbeh, and Gurbehi) is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District, Imam Hassan District, Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Valfajar	Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church located at 307 Scott Street in New Bern, Craven County, North Carolina.	Mount Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhea County Courthouse, located in Dayton, Tennessee was the scene of the Scopes Trial of July 1925, in which teacher John T. Scopes faced charges for including Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in his public school lesson.	Rhea County Courthouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wingham/Richard W. LeVan Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPR7), is a registered aerodrome located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) southeast of Wingham, Ontario, Canada.	Wingham/Richard W. LeVan Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahar Mijeh (Persian: مهرميجه‎, also Romanized as Mahar Mījeh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mahar Mijeh	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudeh Bin (Persian: توده بين‎, also Romanized as Tūdeh Bīn and Toodeh Bin; also known as Ārpāshāl and Tūdabīn) is a village in Darsajin Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tudeh Bin	Darsajin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambar-e Baqer (Persian: كمبارباقر‎, also Romanized as Kambār-e Bāqer; also known as Kūbār-e Bāqer) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kambar-e Baqer	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elaine D. and Charles A. Sammons Park is a public park in the new AT&T Performing Arts Center, located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Elaine D. and Charles A. Sammons Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	LaSalle Street Station is a commuter rail terminal at 414 South LaSalle Street in downtown Chicago.	LaSalle Street Station	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center (LLUOMC) is a patient-centered clinic that handles the occupational medicine needs of its parent organization (Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center), and those of local businesses in the Inland Empire of Southern California.	Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northumberland Heath is a neighbourhood and electoral ward within the London Borough of Bexley, south east London, England.	Northumberland Heath	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yorkville High School, or YHS, is a public four-year high school located in Yorkville, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Yorkville High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieuw Vosseveld prison in the Dutch town of Vught, part of the Custodial Institutions Agency (Dienst Justitiële Inrichtingen, DJI) of the Dutch Ministry of Public Safety and Justice within the Dutch criminal justice system.	Nieuw Vosseveld	Vught
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tądów Górny (ˈtɔnduf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tądów Górny	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Memorial is a cemetery and funeral home located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Cedar Memorial	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahabad-e Hoseyni (Persian: شاه ابادحسيني‎, also Romanized as Shāhābād-e Ḩoseynī; also known as Shāhābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahabad-e Hoseyni	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elizabeth Town & Country Club was an athletic and social club in Elizabeth, New Jersey that hosted a number of top amateur tennis tournaments during the last century.	Elizabeth Town & Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kamma Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County and Humboldt County, Nevada.	Kamma Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waikiki Shell is a venue for outdoor concerts and other large gatherings in Waikiki area of Honolulu, Hawaii.	Waikiki Shell	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasper's Green is a hamlet near the village of Panfield and the town of Braintree, in the Braintree district, in the county of Essex, England.	Jasper's Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Segi (Persian: ده سگي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Segī; also known as Deysegī) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Segi	Aseminun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Zard (Persian: گاوزرد‎, also Romanized as Gāv Zard; also known as Gāhdar, Gāh Zard, Gazak, Gāzard, Geh Zard, and Gezak) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gav Zard	Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Collins Weekly was a weekly community newspaper serving the city of Fort Collins, Colorado.	Fort Collins Weekly	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kojrany (kɔi̯ˈranɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kojrany	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Sardab-e Sofla (Persian: سرسرداب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sar Sardāb-e Soflá; also known as Sar Sardāb-e Pā'īn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Sardab-e Sofla	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCarthy-Platt House, at 1000 Plumas St. in Reno, Nevada, is a historic house that was originally built in 1900 and was redesigned in 1925 by noted architect Frederick J. DeLongchamps.	McCarthy-Platt House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKinley National Park Airport (IATA: MCL, ICAO: PAIN, FAA LID: INR, formerly 5MK) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) of McKinley Park, in Denali Borough, Alaska, United States.	McKinley National Park Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort-de-France 4th Canton is a canton in the Arrondissement of Fort-de-France on Martinique.	Fort-de-France 4th Canton	Arrondissement of Fort-de-France	Martinique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abuzeydabad (Persian: ابوزيدآباد‎, also Romanized as Abūzeydābād, Abū Zeydābād, Abu Zaidābād, and Abū Zobeydābād) is a city in and the capital of Kavirat District, in Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Abuzeydabad	Kavirat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazhergah (Persian: باژرگه‎, also Romanized as Bāzhergah; also known as Bājergeh) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bazhergah	Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warrandyte High School (or WHS) is a high school in Warrandyte, Victoria, Australia.	Warrandyte High School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangorse Mountain is a mountain in northern British Columbia, Canada, located 54 km (34 mi) southeast of Atlin on the eastern side of the head of the Gladys River.	Llangorse Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeszkotle (jɛʂˈkɔtlɛ) (German Jäschkittel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jeszkotle	Gmina Grodków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memari is a town and a municipality in the Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Memari	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Playground Pier is a luxury shopping mall located on a four-story pier adjacent to Caesars in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	Playground Pier	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kmećani (Serbian Cyrillic: Кмећани) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kmećani	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelmsford Valley District Composite School (CVDCS) is a high school located in the community of Chelmsford, Ontario, part of Greater Sudbury.	Chelmsford Valley District Composite School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peninsula School District is the main school district for the city of Gig Harbor, Washington, USA and the unincorporated areas around Gig Harbor and the Key Peninsula.	Peninsula School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newsham Bridge is a Grade I listed structure in Brocklesby Park, part of the estate of the Earls of Yarborough in West Lindsey, Lincolnshire, England.	Newsham Bridge	West Lindsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum Sewer Trestle (also known as Arboretum Aqueduct) is a historic trestle in Seattle, Washington, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 (ID #82004229).	Arboretum Sewer Trestle	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cold Spring Historic District is a historic district that includes much of the central area of the Hudson River Cold Spring village in Putnam County, New York.	Cold Spring Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahmadi (Persian: بهمدي‎, also Romanized as Bahmadī) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bahmadi	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adcote School is an independent day and boarding school for girls, located in the village of Little Ness, 5 miles (8.0 km) northwest of Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.	Adcote School	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Breast Creek is an important tributary of the Des Moines River in Iowa.	White Breast Creek	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flinders Chase National Park is a protected area located at the west end of Kangaroo Island, South Australia, about 177 kilometres (110 mi) west-south west of Adelaide and 62 kilometres (39 mi) west-south west of Kingscote.	Flinders Chase National Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schwennigke, also Schwenke, is a river in Saxony, Germany, and a left-hand tributary of the Schnauder.	Schwennigke	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedford County Alms House, also known as Bedford County Home, is a historic almshouse and national historic district located at Bedford Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania.	Bedford County Alms House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijargah-e Sofla (Persian: بيجارگاه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bījārgāh-e Soflá; also known as Bījārgāh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bijargah-e Sofla	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashkan (Persian: واشكن‎, also Romanized as Vāshkan) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vashkan	Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyndhurst Terrace (Chinese: 擺花街) is a street in the Central area of Hong Kong.	Lyndhurst Terrace	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Anse Amour is a small town on the Strait of Belle Isle in Labrador, a part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	L'Anse Amour	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geshur-e Zilayi (Persian: گشور زيلائي‎, also Romanized as Geshūr-e Zīlāyī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Geshur-e Zilayi	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taiarapu-Ouest (literally ``Ta'iarapu West'') is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Taiarapu-Ouest	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefidar Rural District (Persian: دهستان سفيدار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sefidar Rural District	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamister is a village in southwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland.	Hamister	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Island Mountain is a resistant formation of volcanic and metavolcanic rock in the Franciscan Assemblage of southwestern Trinity County, California.	Island Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. H. Putman Public School is a middle school located in the west end of Ottawa, Ontario.	J. H. Putman Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madera Community Hospital was founded in 1971 and is located at 1250 E. Almond Avenue in Madera, California.	Madera Community Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weaverland Bridge carries Quarry Road (Township Route 894) across the Conestoga River near Terre Hill, East Earl Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Weaverland Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith's Chapel, also known as Smith Chapel, is a historic chapel located at 29858 Redfield Road in Milton Township (near Niles, Michigan).	Smith's Chapel	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwiartów-Kolonia (ˈzvjartuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zwiartów-Kolonia	Gmina Krynice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barking Abbey is a former royal monastery located in Barking, in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham.	Barking Abbey	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pierce Organ Pipe Factory was a historic factory building at 10-12 Pierce Street in Reading, Massachusetts.	Pierce Organ Pipe Factory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polblue is a hill on the Barrington Tops plateau, located in the Gloucester Shire within New South Wales, Australia.	Polblue	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cultural Education Center is attached to the south side of the Empire State Plaza in Albany, New York, United States.	Cultural Education Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place Vertu is a Canadian shopping centre in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent in Quebec.	Place Vertu	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul Hamilton House, commonly referred to as the Brick House Ruins, is the ruin of a 1725 plantation house on Edisto Island, South Carolina, that burned in 1929.	Brick House Ruins	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Round About Hills or Peacefields is a historic slave plantation home located at Glenwood, Howard County, Maryland.	Round About Hills	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Stevenston is a small village situated between Motherwell and Bellshill in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	New Stevenston	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Siles is a town in the Mamoré Province in the Beni Department of northern Bolivia.	Puerto Siles	Mamoré Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pfeiferbrunnen is a fountain near Spitalgasse 21 in Bern, Switzerland.	Pfeiferbrunnen	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkanush (Armenian: Բերքանուշ, also Romanized as Berqanush; formerly, Ogurbeklu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Berkanush	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Archery Hall of Fame and Museum is located in Springfield, Missouri on the upper floor of Bass Pro Shop Outdoor World.	Archery Hall of Fame	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Grill Collective is a worker-owned cooperative restaurant in Harrisonburg, Virginia in the United States.	Little Grill Collective	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yue Man Square (Chinese: 裕民坊; pinyin: Yùmín Fáng; Cantonese Yale: yúh màhn fōng) is the town centre of Kwun Tong in Kowloon of Hong Kong.	Yue Man Square	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sangamon River State Fish and Wildlife Area, also and formerly known as the Sangamon County Conservation Area and the Sangamon River State Habitat Area, is a 127-acre (51-hectare) forest preserve located in Fancy Creek Township near the village of Cantrall in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Sangamon River State Fish and Wildlife Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaglik-e Sofla (Persian: زگليك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zaglīk-e Soflá; also known as Zaklak-e Pā'īn) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zaglik-e Sofla	Owch Hacha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pożniki (pɔʐˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pożniki	Gmina Czeremcha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotherfield Park is a country house and estate located in East Tisted, East Hampshire in England.	Rotherfield Park	East Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castel del Giudice is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region of Molise, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Campobasso and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Isernia.	Castel del Giudice	Province of Isernia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franz Horr Stadium (Franz-Horr-Stadion in German) is a football stadium in the south of Vienna, Austria.	Franz Horr Stadium	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lord Nelson Hotel is a grand hotel in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Lord Nelson Hotel	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romaszki (rɔˈmaʂkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Romaszki	Gmina Rossosz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navajo Dam is an earthen dam on the San Juan River, a tributary of the Colorado River, in northwestern New Mexico in the United States.	Navajo Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lloyd M. Joshel House, also known simply as the Joshel House, is a private residence in the Hilltop Neighborhood of Denver, Colorado.	Lloyd M. Joshel House	Denver
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRPW (Cities 92.9) is a FM broadcast conservative radio station in Central Illinois with a talk format.	WRPW	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Park City is an open-air museum located at the west end of Front Street in the town of Fairplay in Park County, Colorado.	South Park City	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sławkowice (swafkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sławkowice	Gmina Biskupice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kucborek (kut͡sˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kucborek	Gmina Papowo Biskupie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crandall Canyon Mine, formerly Genwal Mine, was an underground bituminous coal mine in northwestern Emery County, Utah.	Crandall Canyon Mine	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyun Town (Chinese: 密云镇; pinyin: Mìyún Zhèn) is a town in Miyun District, Beijing, China.	Miyun Town	Miyun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garðabær (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈkarðapair̥)) is a municipality in the Capital Region of Iceland.	Garðabær	Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The independent city of Rosenheim is located in the centre of the district of Rosenheim (Upper Bavaria), and is also the seat of administration of this region.	Rosenheim	Upper Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little San Bernardino Mountains are a short mountain range of the Transverse Ranges, located in southern California in the United States.	Little San Bernardino Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redinger Ditch is a creek in northern Indiana that starts near Argos and joins the Tippecanoe River in Talma.	Redinger Ditch	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemhi County Airport (IATA: SMN, ICAO: KSMN, FAA LID: SMN) is a public airport located four miles (6 km) south of the central business district (CBD) of Salmon, a city in Lemhi County, Idaho, USA.	Lemhi County Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kichatna Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern part of Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska, approximately 70 miles (110 km) southwest of Denali.	Kichatna Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fongen (Southern Sami: Lopmesvaerie) is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Selbu (Sør-Trøndelag), Tydal (Sør-Trøndelag), and Meråker (Nord-Trøndelag) in Norway.	Fongen	Selbu	Tydal	Meråker
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilamówka (vilaˈmufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wilamówka	Gmina Trzcianne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sethubavachatram is a village located in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sethubavachatram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenui (Persian: كنوئي‎, also Romanized as Kenū’ī; also known as Karooyeh, Kenūyeh, and Kerūyeh) is a village in Ruydar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kenui	Ruydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damir Ughlikesh (Persian: دميراوغلي كش‎, also Romanized as Damīr Ūghlīkesh) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Damir Ughlikesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Metropolitan Square, also known as Met Square, is a skyscraper completed in 1989 in downtown St. Louis, Missouri.	One Metropolitan Square	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neff's Mill Covered Bridge or Bowman's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Pequea Creek on the border between West Lampeter Township and Strasburg Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Neff's Mill Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augusta State University was a public university located in Augusta, Georgia, United States.	Augusta State University	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedzbark (ˈjɛd͡zbark) (German Hirschberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jedzbark	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	RiverTown Crossings is a two-story enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Grandville, Michigan .	RiverTown Crossings	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahurnarenjak (Persian: كهورنارنجك‎, also Romanized as Kahūrnārenjak) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahurnarenjak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hollywood Casino Toledo is a casino in Toledo, Ohio, that opened on May 29, 2012.	Hollywood Casino Toledo	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Christian is a Dano-Norwegian-built fort in Charlotte Amalie, Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.	Fort Christian	Charlotte Amalie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Sanjon de los Moquelumnes was a 35,508-acre (143.70 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Sacramento County and San Joaquin County, California given in 1844 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Anastasio Chaboya.	Rancho Sanjon de los Moquelumnes	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tschlin is a former municipality in the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in the extreme east of Switzerland.	Tschlin	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Qajar (Persian: كلاته قاجار‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Qājār) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Qajar	Shoqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vigo County Courthouse is a courthouse in Terre Haute, Indiana.	Vigo County Courthouse	Terre Haute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manhattan Avenue is the name of two streets in New York City.	Manhattan Avenue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgo Valsugana (German: Burg im Suganertal) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Trento.	Borgo Valsugana	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glines Canyon Dam (also known as Upper Elwha Dam), built in 1927, was a 210-foot (64 m) high concrete arch dam built on the Elwha River within Olympic National Park, Clallam County, Washington.	Glines Canyon Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiware Bazar lies in the drought-prone Ahmednagar district.	Hiware Bazar	Ahmednagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moster Church (Norwegian: Moster kyrkje) is a parish church in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Moster Church	Bømlo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newbarn is a hamlet around a crossroads northwest of Etchinghill in Kent, England.	Newbarn	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fields Corner Municipal Building is a historic municipal building at 1 Arcadia Street and 195 Adams Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Fields Corner Municipal Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grapeland Heights is a neighborhood in the city of Miami, Florida, United States.	Grapeland Heights	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipality of Banyalbufar has an area of 18.1 km² and lies next to the Serra de Tramuntana mountain off the C-710 along the road from Andratx to Valldemossa.	Banyalbufar	Serra de Tramuntana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sesimbra (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɨˈzĩbɾɐ)) is a municipality of Portugal, in the Setúbal District, lying at the foothills of the Serra da Arrábida, a mountain range between Setúbal and Sesimbra.	Sesimbra	Setúbal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotorydz (kɔˈtɔrɨt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kotorydz	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charter Oak Schoolhouse is a historic octagonal school building in Schuline, Illinois, located on the Evansville/Schuline Road between Schuline and Walsh.	Charter Oak Schoolhouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hal W. Adams Bridge, built in 1947, is an historic bridge that carries State Road 51 across the Suwannee River between Lafayette and Suwannee counties, Florida in the United States.	Hal W. Adams Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts at the Georgia Institute of Technology has gradually evolved to contain a wide variety of liberal arts subjects at a school known predominantly for engineering.	Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guanella Pass (el. 3557 m./11,669 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado, US.	Guanella Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Waroona is a local government area in the Peel region of Western Australia between Mandurah and Harvey and about 110 kilometres (68 mi) south of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Waroona	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perth Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Burswood, Western Australia being built by a consortium led by Brookfield Multiplex.	Perth Stadium	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hani Garmaleh (Persian: هاني گرمله‎, also Romanized as Hānī Garmaleh; also known as Kānī Garmaleh) is a village in Sirvan Rural District, Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hani Garmaleh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Argos Izaak Walton League Historic District is an Indiana chapter location of the Izaak Walton League of America.	Argos Izaak Walton League Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruchten railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Kruuchten, French: Gare de Cruchten, German: Bahnhof Kruchten) is a railway station serving the town of Cruchten, in the commune of Nommern, in central Luxembourg.	Cruchten railway station	Nommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohican II is a historic steel riveted hull excursion steamboat located at Lake George in Warren County, New York.	Mohican II	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cameron Suspension Bridge crosses the Little Colorado River at Cameron, Arizona, USA.	Cameron Suspension Bridge	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatham University Arboretum (32 acres) is an arboretum located on the campus of Chatham University at Woodland Road, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Chatham University Arboretum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavar (Cyrillic: Бавар) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bavar	Jajce
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPJC (1220 AM, ``JC Talk'') is a radio station licensed to serve Salem, Oregon, USA.	KPJC	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luqiao District (simplified Chinese: 路桥区; traditional Chinese: 路橋區; pinyin: Lùqiáo Qū; Tai-chow dialect: Lu-giao K'ü) is a district of Taizhou in Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China.	Luqiao District	Taizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eli Whitney Museum, in Hamden, Connecticut, is an experimental learning workshop for students, teachers, and families.	Eli Whitney Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastwood Mall is an indoor shopping center in Niles, Ohio, USA, serving the Youngstown-Warren area.	Eastwood Mall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleszki (ɔˈlɛʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Oleszki	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louis' Lunch in New Haven, Connecticut, United States, advertises itself as the first restaurant to serve hamburgers and as being the oldest hamburger restaurant still operating in the U.S. Opened as a small lunch wagon in 1895, Louis' Lunch was also one of the first places in the U.S. to serve steak sandwiches.	Louis' Lunch	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toddsbury is a historic home located on the banks of the North River in Gloucester County, Virginia.	Toddsbury	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texcatepec is a municipality located in the north zone in the State of Veracruz, about 190 km from state capital Xalapa.	Texcatepec	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles W. Noyes House is an historic single-family bungalow located at 271 Chestnut Street in the village of West Newton in Newton, Massachusetts.	Charles W. Noyes House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watertown Arsenal was a major American arsenal located on the northern shore of the Charles River in Watertown, Massachusetts.	Watertown Arsenal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo-Malonki (miˈlɛvɔ maˈlɔŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Malonki	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Salar Hasan (Persian: چاه سالارحسن‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Sālār Ḩasan) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Salar Hasan	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojrzanów-Towarzystwo (ɔi̯ˈʐanuf tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ojrzanów-Towarzystwo	Gmina Żabia Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saghuyeh (Persian: ساغويه‎, also Romanized as Sāghūyeh; also known as Sāqū’īyeh and Sātū’īyeh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Saghuyeh	Tujerdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ningqiang County (宁强县) is a county in the southwesternmost corner of the Hanzhong municipal region, Shaanxi, bordering both Sichuan and Gansu.	Ningqiang County	Hanzhong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Paluvayi is a village in Rentachintala mandal, Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Old Paluvayi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Luelleman House (also known as the Gerhard Hehemann House) is a historic house in downtown New Bremen, Ohio, United States.	William Luelleman House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panther Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium located on the campus of Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Panther Stadium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo de Arte Hispanoamericano Isaac Fernández Blanco is a museum of art located in the Retiro ward of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Museo de Arte Hispanoamericano Isaac Fernández Blanco	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbeville Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 0J0) is a city-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Abbeville, a city in Henry County, Alabama, United States.	Abbeville Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dominican House of Studies is located on Michigan Ave., directly across from The Catholic University of America, in the part of northeastern Washington, D.C., once known as ``Little Rome'', today more commonly referred to as Brookland.	Dominican House of Studies	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Putnam Farm is a historic farm on Spaulding Road in Brooklyn, Connecticut.	Putnam Farm	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 820 (I-820) is a loop of Interstate 20 in Fort Worth, Texas of approximately 35.17 miles (56.60 km) around the city and some of its suburbs.	Interstate 820	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drayford is a village in the English county of Devon, approximately 15 miles north west of Exeter.	Drayford	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Prophet is a steep and remote mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state.	Mount Prophet	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRGP - FIU Student Radio is the student-run radio station of Florida International University in Miami, FL.	WRGP	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenje Karteljevo (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ kaɾtɛˈljeːʋɔ)) is a settlement in the hills north of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Karteljevo	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvard Square Subway Kiosk is an historic kiosk and landmark located at Zero Harvard Square in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Harvard Square Subway Kiosk	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veys District (Persian: بخش ویس‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Veys District	Bavi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carstairs House, also known as Monteith House, is a country house 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) south west of Carstairs South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Carstairs House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carthage Jail, located in Carthage, Illinois, was the location of the murder of Joseph Smith, the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, and his brother Hyrum, by a mob of approximately 150 men.	Carthage Jail	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shafter High School is a public high school in Shafter, California, United States, a city north of Bakersfield, California and south of Fresno, California.	Shafter High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caddington (TL 065 195) is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England.	Caddington	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coe-Brown Northwood Academy is a comprehensive secondary institution in Northwood, New Hampshire, United States.	Coe-Brown Northwood Academy	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osuchów-Parcela (ɔˈsuxuf parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Osuchów-Parcela	Gmina Koźminek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingtang County (Chinese: 平塘县; pinyin: Píngtáng Xiàn) is a county in the Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture of Guizhou, in southwest China.	Pingtang County	Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Forest of Friendship is an arboretum and memorial forest beside Lake Warnock in Atchison, Kansas.	International Forest of Friendship	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yedurulanka (Telugu: యెదురులంక) is a village in I.Polavaram mandal of East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Yedurulanka	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wandegeya is a neighborhood within the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest metropolitan area.The name is derived from the weaver birds, (Endegeya in Luganda), which used to inhabit the area prior to the 1990s.	Wandegeya	Kampala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rookwith is a hamlet and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, about 4 miles west of Bedale and near the flow of the River Ure.	Rookwith	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaslivlje (Cyrillic: Засливље) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zaslivlje	Konjic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinjerd (Persian: دينجرد‎, also Romanized as Dīnjerd; also known as Banī Gerd, Danījerd, Dīnehgerd, and Dīnerjed) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Dinjerd	Bazarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elevenmile Creek is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau (CBJ), Alaska, United States.	Elevenmile Creek	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indianola Park was an amusement park that operated in Columbus, Ohio's University District from 1905 to 1937.	Indianola Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Marshall Community School District is a school district in central Iowa, United States.	West Marshall Community School District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1892 (FM 1892) runs about .88 miles (1.42 km) from east of Frankston, Texas north, then east, to a boat ramp just west of the dam at Lake Palestine.	Farm to Market Road 1892	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apalachia Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Hiwassee River in Cherokee County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.	Apalachia Dam	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forrest Theatre is a live theatre venue at 1114 Walnut Street Center City area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Forrest Theatre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn-e Zard-e Do (Persian: كهن زرد2‎; also known as Kohanzard) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Zard-e Do	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Obel Tower is a highrise building in Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Obel Tower	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miss Dana's School for Young Ladies was a private boarding and finishing school originally founded in 1860 as the Morris Female Institute, in Morristown, New Jersey at 163 South Street, near Madison Avenue.	Miss Dana's School for Young Ladies	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 10 Arlington Street in Somerville, Massachusetts, also known as the Walter J. Squire House, is a well-preserved transitional Italianate/Queen Anne house.	House at 10 Arlington Street	Somerville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Quadrangle, more popularly known as Tom Quad, is one of the quadrangles of Christ Church, Oxford, England.	Tom Quad	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darahu (Persian: دراهو‎, also Romanized as Darāhū) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Darahu	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Kaj (Persian: بيدكج‎, also Romanized as Bīd Kaj; also known as Bīd Kaj-e Movaqqat) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Kaj	Sarchehan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bechu Bazar (Persian: بچو بازار‎, also Romanized as Bechū Bāzār) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bechu Bazar	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keyes Bungalow is a National Register of Historic Places structure in Altadena, California.	Keyes Bungalow	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifty Falls State Park is an Indiana state park on 1,416 acres (573 ha) in Jefferson County, Indiana in the United States.	Clifty Falls State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanhua District (Chinese: 善化區; pinyin: Shànhuà Qū; Wade--Giles: Shan-hua; literally: ``amelioration'') is a suburban district of Tainan, a special municipality located in southwestern Taiwan, about 20 km northeast of Anping.	Shanhua District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lapscheure is a town in Damme, a municipality in the province of West Flanders, Belgium.	Lapscheure	Damme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyskitna (vɨsˈkʲitna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wyskitna	Gmina Grybów
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Fondó de les Neus (Valencian pronunciation: (fonˈdo ðe lez nɛws), Spanish: Hondón de las Nieves (onˈdon de laz ˈnjeβes)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vinalopó Mitjà in the país Valencià, Spain.	El Fondó de les Neus	Vinalopó Mitjà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cookney is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland in proximity to Netherley in the Mounth of the Grampian Highlands.	Cookney	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilt is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg, within the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul.	Vilt	Valkenburg aan de Geul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khakak (Persian: خاكك‎, also Romanized as Khāḵaḵ) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khakak	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward R. Murrow Park is a park located in Washington, D.C. at the corner of H Street NW and 18th Street NW.	Edward R. Murrow Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieszki-Kuligi (ˈmjɛʂki kuˈliɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mieszki-Kuligi	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bermuda National Stadium is a multi-purpose sports complex in Devonshire Parish, Bermuda, just to the east of the capital, Hamilton.	Bermuda National Stadium	Devonshire Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Soltan Shahbaz (Persian: امامزاده سلطان شهباز‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Solţān Shahbāz) is a village in Ij Rural District, in the Central District of Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Soltan Shahbaz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahar Meshkin (Persian: اهارمشكين‎, also Romanized as Āhār Meshkīn; also known as Āhār Meshgīn, Ahār Namkīn, Armshakan, and Armushkun) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Ahar Meshkin	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzywowierzba (kʂɨvɔˈvjɛʐba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzywowierzba	Gmina Wyryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir-e Tut (Persian: زيرتوت‎, also Romanized as Zīr-e Tūt) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zir-e Tut	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartang-e Landeh (Persian: سرتنگ لنده‎, also Romanized as Sartang-e Lendeh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sartang-e Landeh	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linluo Township (Chinese: 麟洛鄉; pinyin: Línluò Xiāng) is a rural township in Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Linluo	Pingtung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longridge is a medium-sized town and civil parish in the borough of Ribble Valley in Lancashire, England.	Longridge	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sursand is a town in Sitamarhi district of Bihar, India	Sursand	Sitamarhi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarem Kalayeh (Persian: زارم كلايه‎, also Romanized as Zārem Kalāyeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zarem Kalayeh	Kiashahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caln Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house located at 901 Caln Meeting House Road, near Coatesville in Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Caln Meeting House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emirgan Park (Turkish: Emirgan Korusu or rarely Emirgan Parkı) is a historical urban park located at the Emirgan neighbourhood in the Sarıyer district of Istanbul, Turkey, on the European coast of the Bosphorus.	Emirgan Park	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minskoff Theatre is a Broadway theatre, located at 1515 Broadway in midtown-Manhattan.	Minskoff Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Batcave serves as Batman's command center, where he monitors all crisis points in Gotham City, as well as the rest of the world.	Batcave	Gotham City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A1156 road runs through the centre of Ipswich, Suffolk, England.	A1156 road	Ipswich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elster Mountains (German: Elstergebirge, Czech: Halštrovské hory) is a small range of mountains, in Saxony and the Czech Republic, to the west of the Ore Mountains.	Elster Mountains	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al Worthington Stadium was a baseball venue on the campus of Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, USA.	Al Worthington Stadium	Lynchburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Guilford High School is a secondary school in High Point, North Carolina, United States established in 1979.	Southwest Guilford High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takla Lake is the fifth largest natural lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Takla Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nashua River Rail Trail is a 12.5-mile (20.1 km) paved mixed-use rail trail in northern Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire under control of the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR).	Nashua River Rail Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Turnpike-West Tollhouse is a historic tollhouse located at Greenport in Columbia County, New York.	Columbia Turnpike-West Tollhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Shekar Kesh (Persian: بالاشكركش‎, also Romanized as Bālā Shekar Kesh; also known as Shekar Kesh and Shekar Kesh-e Bālā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Shekar Kesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Peary is an approximately 9,000 acre military reservation in York County near Williamsburg, Virginia.	Camp Peary	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenville Technical Charter High School (GTCHS) is a small school located on the Barton Campus of Greenville Technical College in Greenville, South Carolina.	Greenville Technical Charter High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błędostowo (bwɛndɔsˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błędostowo	Gmina Winnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sams Plantation Complex Tabby Ruins is a historic plantation complex and archaeological site located at Frogmore, Beaufort County, South Carolina.	Sams Plantation Complex Tabby Ruins	Beaufort County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebcz (tʂɛpt͡ʂ) (German: Rodetal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Trzebcz	Gmina Polkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flattach (Slovene: Blato) is a municipality in Spittal an der Drau District in the Austrian state of Carinthia.	Flattach	Spittal an der Drau District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stitt House is an Italianate style house located in Hot Springs, Arkansas.	Stitt House	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnsburg Abbey (Kloster Arnsburg) is a former Cistercian monastery in the Wetterau, Hesse, Germany.	Arnsburg Abbey	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarendon Building is an early 18th-century neoclassical building of the University of Oxford.	Clarendon Building	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar-e Allah Qoli (Persian: چناراله قلي‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e Allāh Qolī and Chenār Allāh Qolī) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chenar-e Allah Qoli	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The area of Echt-Susteren is a green municipality also known as the green waist of Limburg.	Echt-Susteren	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silver Sevens Hotel and Casino, formerly known as Terrible's, is a locals casino and hotel 1 mile (1.6 km) east of the Las Vegas Strip, in Paradise, Nevada.	Silver Sevens	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahad Sabz (Persian: جهاد سبز‎, also Romanized as Jahād Sabz) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Mehran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Jahad Sabz	Mohsen Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takvam Chapel (Norwegian: Takvam kapell) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Takvam Chapel	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płatkownica (pwatkɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Płatkownica	Gmina Sadowne
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Suburb Beautiful is a small neighborhood within the Hyde Park district of Tampa, Florida.	New Suburb Beautiful	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renin-e Bozorg (Persian: رنين بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Renīn-e Bozorg; also known as Renīn-e Shams od Dīn) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Renin-e Bozorg	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbirlot (Gaelic: Obar Eilid) is a village in a rural parish of the same name in Angus, Scotland.	Arbirlot	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boelare Castle is a castle near the village Nederboelare, Geraardsbergen municipality, in the province of East-Flanders, Belgium.	Boelare Castle	Nederboelare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simcoe North (French: Simcoe-Nord) is a federal electoral district in central Ontario, Canada.	Simcoe North	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diguvamasapalle (Eguvamasapalli) is a village in Chittoor mandal in Chittoor district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Diguvamasapalle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. John Quincy Howe House is a notable house located in Phelps, New York.	Dr. John Quincy Howe House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langevin Block (French: Édifice Langevin, IPA: (lɑ̃ʒvɛ̃)) is an office building facing Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Canada.	Langevin Block	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Avenue Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana, used for pumping rain water into Lake Pontchartrain.	London Avenue Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franusin (fraˈnuɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Franusin	Gmina Telatyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomfret Town House is an historic meetinghouse on Town House Road in Pomfret, Connecticut.	Pomfret Town House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Priestweston (or Priest Weston) is a small village in the civil parish of Chirbury with Brompton, Shropshire, England, lying in the Welsh Marches.	Priestweston	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crookdale Horseshoe is a group of hills on the eastern edge of the English Lake District, in Cumbria, west of the A6 road.	Crookdale Horseshoe	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Salt Lake, located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Utah, is the largest salt water lake in the Western Hemisphere, and the fourth-largest terminal lake in the world.	Great Salt Lake	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman's Retreat is a historic home and farm complex at Galesville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Norman's Retreat	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Lebanese Prehistory (Musée de Préhistoire Libanaise) is a museum of prehistory and archaeology in Beirut, Lebanon.	Museum of Lebanese Prehistory	Beirut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbott High School is a public high school located in Abbott, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL.	Abbott High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dreieck Havelland (German: Autobahndreieck Havelland) is a trumpet interchange in the German state Brandenburg in the Metropolitan region Berlin.	Dreieck Havelland	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Fitzgerald Kennedy National Historic Site is the birthplace and childhood home of John Fitzgerald Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States, located at 83 Beals Street in the Coolidge Corner neighborhood of Brookline, Massachusetts.	John Fitzgerald Kennedy National Historic Site	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miliszewy (miliˈʂɛvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechocin, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Miliszewy	Gmina Ciechocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located on the border between the municipalities of Vang and Vågå, (in Oppland), but the northwestern corner of the municipality of Øystre Slidre reaches the summit of Øystre Rasletind.	Rasletind	Vang	Vågå
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJNE-FM is a privately owned Canadian radio station that broadcasts an incredibly diverse oldies/adult hits/classic rock format, branded as The Storm, at 94.7 FM in Nipawin, Saskatchewan.	CJNE-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gręzówka (ɡrɛ̃ˈzufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gręzówka	Gmina Łuków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sonnenberg Tunnel is a 1,550m long motorway tunnel, constructed between 1971 and 1976 and located in Lucerne, Switzerland.	Sonnenberg Tunnel	Lucerne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morayfield State High School is a public, coeducational high school in Morayfield, Queensland, Australia.	Morayfield State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillips-Sprague Mine, also known as the Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine, is a historic coal mine located at New River Park in Beckley, Raleigh County, West Virginia.	Phillips-Sprague Mine	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taos Regional Airport (IATA: TSM, ICAO: KSKX, FAA LID: SKX) is a public-use airport located eight nautical miles (15 km) northwest of the central business district of Taos, in Taos County, New Mexico, United States.	Taos Regional Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amway Center is a sports and entertainment venue in Orlando, Florida, located in the Downtown area.	Amway Center	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aasa Buttar is a small village located in the Giddarbaha Tehsil of Sri Muktsar Sahib district of Eastern Punjab.	Aasa Buttar	Sri Muktsar Sahib district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Union School District is a public school district based in Occidental, California which feeds into the West Sonoma County Union High School District.	Harmony Union School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Larkin Building was a 110-floor, 368.2 meters (1,208 ft) tall skyscraper that was proposed in 1926 and canceled in 1930 at 330 West 42nd Street in New York City, New York, United States.	Larkin Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGDQ (93.1 FM, ``WGDQ'') is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Sumrall, Mississippi, USA, and serving the Laurel-Hattiesburg area.	WGDQ	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIVR 101.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Kentland, Indiana, and serving Newton County, Benton County, and Jasper County in Indiana, and Iroquois County, and Kankakee County in Illinois.	WIVR	Illinois
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 54 is a bolt-action rifle manufactured by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company.	Winchester Model 54	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
manufacturer	The Vympel NPO R-77 missile (NATO reporting name: AA-12 Adder) is a Russian medium range, active radar homing air-to-air missile system.	R-77	Vympel
manufacturer	ADC Cirrus engines were originally built by ADC Aircraft until Cirrus Aero Engines Limited was formed in 1927.	ADC Cirrus	Cirrus Aero Engines
manufacturer	The VAZ-2106 is an automobile which was produced by the Russian manufacturer AvtoVAZ, later by Russian IZh and Ukrainian Anto-Rus.	VAZ-2106	AvtoVAZ
manufacturer	The Type 072-class landing ship (NATO designation Yukan class) are large landing ships built by Shanghai-based Zhonghua Shipyard (now Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding) in the 1980s to replace the aging World War II-era ex-US Navy L-1511 tank landing ships in service with the PLA Navy.	Type 072-class landing ship	Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding
manufacturer	The Breguet Type IV was an aircraft built by Breguet Aviation.	Breguet Type IV	Breguet Aviation
manufacturer	With over 3,000 manufactured by Loewe and Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken, Borchardt C-93 was the first mass-produced semi-automatic pistol.	Borchardt C-93	Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken
manufacturer	The Lake-class patrol vessel was a class of patrol vessels built in 1974 for the Royal New Zealand Navy by the British boat builders Brooke Marine.	Lake-class patrol vessel	Brooke Marine
manufacturer	The TGV 001 was an experimental gas turbine-electric locomotive-powered trainset built by Alstom to break speed records between 250--300 kilometres per hour (160--190 mph).	TGV 001	Alstom
manufacturer	The Ascari Ecosse is a mid-engine sports car produced by Ascari Cars from 1998 to 1999.	Ascari Ecosse	Ascari Cars
manufacturer	The Enstrom 480 is a small, light helicopter produced by the Enstrom Helicopter Corporation.	Enstrom 480	Enstrom Helicopter Corporation
manufacturer	The Yamaha SR250 is a single cylinder motorcycle made by Yamaha Motor Company from 1980 to 1982 for the first generation, and since 2001 for the second generation.	Yamaha SR250	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The SM U-118 was commissioned on 8 May 1918, following her construction at the AG Vulcan Stettin shipyard in Hamburg.	SM U-118	AG Vulcan Stettin
manufacturer	The Hyundai BlueOn is a subcompact 5-door hatchback electric car produced by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai BlueOn	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The P-800 Oniks (Russian: П-800 Оникс; English: Onyx), also known in export markets as Yakhont (Russian: Яхонт; English: ruby), is a Soviet/Russian supersonic anti-ship cruise missile developed by NPO Mashinostroyeniya as a ramjet version of P-80 Zubr.	P-800 Oniks	NPO Mashinostroyeniya
manufacturer	The Le Rhône 9J is a nine-cylinder rotary aircraft engine produced in France by Gnome et Rhône.	Le Rhône 9J	Gnome et Rhône
manufacturer	The Colt Machine Gun-1 or CMG-1 was an open bolt belt-fed machine gun that fired 5.56×45mm cartridges designed by Colt Manufacturing Company in 1965.	CMG-1	Colt Manufacturing Company
manufacturer	Great Western 60 is a 2-8-0 consolidation built in August 1937 by the American Locomotive Company in Schenectady, New York, and is currently operated on the Black River & Western Railroad (BR&W) in Ringoes, New Jersey.	Great Western 60	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	Hydra-Shok is a type of cartridge with expanding bullets made by Federal Cartridge.	Hydra-Shok	Federal Cartridge
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Colt 600 is a five-seat, two-door passenger sedan produced by Shin Mitsubishi Heavy-Industries, Ltd - one of the companies which would become Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi Colt 600	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The GM PD-4501 Scenicruiser, manufactured exclusively by General Motors for The Greyhound Corporation, was a three-axle monocoque two-level coach used by Greyhound from July 1954 into the mid-70's.	PD-4501 Scenicruiser	General Motors
manufacturer	USS America (ID-3006) was a troop transport for the United States Navy during World War I. She was launched in 1905 as SS Amerika by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the Hamburg America Line of Germany.	USS America (ID-3006)	Harland and Wolff
manufacturer	The Pilatus PC-7 Turbo Trainer is a low-wing tandem-seat training aircraft, manufactured by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland.	Pilatus PC-7	Pilatus Aircraft
manufacturer	HMQS Midge was specifically built in England by J. Samuel White, Cowes, for this purpose and shipped out to Australia in 1887.	HMQS Midge	J. Samuel White
manufacturer	The Hyundai Universe (hangul:현대 유니버스) is a heavy-duty luxury coach built by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Universe	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The Israeli Ordnance Corps are responsible for final Merkava assembly.	Merkava	Ordnance Corps
manufacturer	Histria Prince was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2008 as a 40,416 DWT ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.	Histria Prince	Constanța Shipyard
manufacturer	The Caparo T1 is a British mid-engine, rear-wheel drive, two-seat automobile built by Caparo Vehicle Technologies, founded by design director Ben Scott-Geddes and engineering director Graham Halstead, engineers formerly involved in the development of the McLaren F1.	Caparo T1	Caparo Vehicle Technologies
manufacturer	The Marlin Model 336 is a lever-action sporting rifle and carbine made by Marlin Firearms.	Marlin Model 336	Marlin Firearms
manufacturer	BrahMos-II or BrahMos-2 or BrahMos Mark II (note: not to be confused with BrahMos block-2) is a hypersonic cruise missile currently under joint development by Russia's NPO Mashinostroeyenia and India's Defence Research and Development Organisation, which have together formed BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited.	BrahMos-II	Defence Research and Development Organisation
manufacturer	The HP Prime is a graphing calculator manufactured by Hewlett-Packard (HP).	HP Prime	Hewlett-Packard
manufacturer	The SPAD S.XIII was a French biplane fighter aircraft of World War I, developed by Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés (SPAD) from the earlier highly successful SPAD S.VII.	SPAD S.XIII	Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés
manufacturer	The DB Class 101 is a class of three-phase electric locomotives built by Adtranz and operated by DB Fernverkehr in Germany.	DB Class 101	Adtranz
manufacturer	MV Derbyshire was an ore-bulk-oil combination carrier built in 1976 by Swan Hunter, as the last in the series of the Bridge-class sextet.	MV Derbyshire	Swan Hunter
manufacturer	When Commodore International was liquidated in 1994, a number of prototypes were sold on the open market, and thus a few people actually own a Commodore 65.	Commodore 65	Commodore International
manufacturer	MS Mediterranean Sky was an ocean liner built in 1953 by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering, Barrow-in-Furness, United Kingdom as City of York.	MS Mediterranean Sky	Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering
manufacturer	The SS Athenic was a British passenger liner built by Harland & Wolff shipyards for the White Star Line in 1901.	SS Athenic	Harland & Wolff
member of sports team	Brett Cook (born 19 April 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Fitzroy Football Club and St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Brett Cook	Fitzroy Football Club	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Vitaliy Pryndeta (Ukrainian: Віталій Валерійович Приндета; born 2 February 1993 in Dubno, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League until December 7 , 2015 when he was released on a free transfer.	Vitaliy Pryndeta	FC Volyn Lutsk
member of sports team	Ricardo Noir worked with his father before trialling for the Youth Divisions of Boca Juniors in 2003 and getting selected.	Ricardo Noir	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Rosario Costantino (born February 6, 1988 in Palermo) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Isole Liri on loan from U.S. Città di Palermo.	Rosario Costantino	U.S. Città di Palermo
member of sports team	Brett Deacon (born 7 March 1982 in Leicester, England) is a retired rugby union player who notably played for Leicester Tigers in the Premiership.	Brett Deacon	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Fabio Caracciolo (born 6 September 1984 in Genk) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a striker for Dutch second division side MVV Maastricht on loan from CS Visé.	Fabio Caracciolo	MVV Maastricht
member of sports team	Charles Hérold Jr. (born 23 July 1990) is a Haitian footballer who plays as a right winger for Cibao FC in the Liga Dominicana de Fútbol.	Charles Hérold Jr.	Cibao FC
member of sports team	Daryl Burgess (born 24 January 1971 in Birmingham) is an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion, Northampton Town, AFC Rochdale, Kidderminster Harriers, Nuneaton Borough and Bromsgrove Rovers F.C., where he was also assistant manager.	Daryl Burgess	Bromsgrove Rovers F.C.
member of sports team	Burt James Ray Mansfield (January 21, 1941 -- November 3, 1996), nicknamed ``Ranger,'' was an American football center in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers.	Ray Mansfield	Philadelphia Eagles	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Luther Blue (born October 21, 1954) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles.	Luther Blue	Detroit Lions	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Alexander Grünwald, (born 1 May 1989) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Austria Wien.	Alexander Grünwald	FK Austria Wien
member of sports team	Francisco Leonelli (born 3 May 1978) is an Argentine rugby union footballer, currently playing for Saracens F.C. in the Guinness Premiership.	Francisco Leonelli	Saracens
member of sports team	Scott Oke (born March 16, 1993) is a Canadian ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Rimouski Océanic in the QMJHL.	Scott Oke	Rimouski Océanic
member of sports team	Christian Piot (born 4 October 1947 in Ougrée) is a retired Belgian football goalkeeper who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1972 while at Standard Liège.	Christian Piot	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Monika Kuliš (born 20 April 1995) is a Bosnian football midfielder who plays SFK 2000.	Monika Kuliš	SFK 2000
member of sports team	Vincenzo Marchese (Italian pronunciation: (vinˈtʃɛntso marˈkeːze); born May 19, 1983) is an Italian-German footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.	Vincenzo Marchese	Stuttgarter Kickers
member of sports team	Lucas Marcolini Dantas Bertucci, known simply as Lucas Bertucci (born May 6, 1989 in Brazil), is a Brazilian football midfielder player who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club FK Bodva Moldava nad Bodvou.	Lucas Marcolini Dantas Bertucci	FK Bodva Moldava nad Bodvou
member of sports team	Giorgio Achterberg (born 1 February 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer, who currently plays for SVV Scheveningen in the Dutch Topklasse.	Giorgio Achterberg	SVV Scheveningen
member of sports team	Augustin Ujka is a retired Albanian professional football who played for KF Laçi in Albania, NK Mladost 127 in Croatia and FC Chiasso in Switzerland.	Augustin Ujka	KF Laçi
member of sports team	Sékou Condé (born 9 June 1993 in Conakry, Guinea) is a professional Guinean football defender, who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Sékou Condé	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Eoin Sheriff (born 22 August 1988 in Gorey, Ireland is an Irish professional rugby union player. He plays at lock for Saracens.	Eoin Sheriff	Saracens
member of sports team	Panče Ḱumbev (Macedonian: Панче Ќумбев; born 25 December 1979) is a retired Macedonian footballer who last played for FK Rabotnički.	Panče Ḱumbev	FK Rabotnički
member of sports team	Michael Vester (born 4 May 1988) is a Danish professional football forward, who plays for the Danish 2nd Division side Aarhus Fremad, which he joined on a free transfer from Danish 1st Division side AGF Aarhus in July 2010.	Michael Vester	Aarhus Fremad
member of sports team	Everson Griffen (born December 22, 1987) is an American football defensive end for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League.	Everson Griffen	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Marco Pewal (born September 17, 1978 in Villach) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey forward who last played with EC VSV of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Marco Pewal	EC VSV
member of sports team	Marek Kubisz (born February 27, 1974 in Poland) is a Polish footballer who is currently playing in Szombierki Bytom.	Marek Kubisz	Szombierki Bytom
member of sports team	David Kiselak ( born 2 August 1988 in Slovenj Gradec) is a Slovenian football Defender who plays for NK Dravograd.	David Kiselak	NK Dravograd
member of sports team	Steven Browne (born 1 February 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 2008--2010.	Steven Browne	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Marcel Schäfer (born 7 June 1984 in Aschaffenburg) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left wingback for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.	Marcel Schäfer	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Guillermo Méndez Pereiro (born 31 January 1992 in San Esteban de Pravia, Asturias) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UP Langreo as a forward.	Guillermo Méndez Pereiro	UP Langreo
member of sports team	Erik Cummins (born 10 August 1988) in Rotterdam is a Dutch football (soccer) player who plays as a goalkeeper for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Erik Cummins	Go Ahead Eagles
member of sports team	Jonas Strifler (born January 30, 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for SV Waldhof Mannheim.	Jonas Strifler	SV Waldhof Mannheim
member of sports team	Borislav Topić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бopиcлaв Toпић, born 22 May 1984) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for NK Jedinstvo Bihać.	Borislav Topić	NK Jedinstvo Bihać
member of sports team	Zhou Qi (Chinese: 周琦, born January 16, 1996) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association.	Zhou Qi	Xinjiang Flying Tigers
member of sports team	Danko Opančina (Serbian Cyrillic: Данко Опанчина; born 27 July 1990 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo.	Danko Opančina	FK Smederevo
member of sports team	Jean-Paul de Jong (born 17 October 1970) is a Dutch retired footballer who played mostly as a right midfielder, and the current assistant manager of FC Utrecht.	Jean-Paul de Jong	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Marta Cubí Tudó is a Spanish football player currently playing for CE Sant Gabriel in the Spanish league.	Marta Cubí	CE Sant Gabriel
member of sports team	Darko Glišić or Darko Glishikj (Macedonian: Дарко Глишиќ) (born 23 September 1991) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a left back for FK Vardar in the Macedonian First League.	Darko Glišić	FK Vardar
member of sports team	María Alharilla Casado Morente is a Spanish football striker, currently playing for Levante UD in Spain's Primera División.	María Alharilla Casado	Levante UD
member of sports team	Dick Nesbitt was a professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Chicago Bears, Chicago Cardinals, and Brooklyn Dodgers..	Dick Nesbitt	Chicago Bears	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Henk Veerman (born 30 June 1993 in Volendam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Forward for SC Heerenveen in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Henk Veerman	SC Heerenveen
member of sports team	Scott Tinsley (born November 14, 1959) is a former American football quarterback who played for one season in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1987.	Scott Tinsley	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Cameron Howat (born 30 January 1985) is a former Australian rules footballer who was selected in the 2005 AFL Rookie Draft by the Richmond Football Club and delisted after the 2008 season.	Cameron Howat	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	For 2009--10 Rabiola was loaned again, now to S.C. Olhanense which had just returned to the top division.	Rabiola	S.C. Olhanense
member of sports team	Ivan Nikčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Никчевић; born 11 February 1981) is a Serbian handballer who plays for Wisła Płock and the Serbian national team.	Ivan Nikčević	Wisła Płock
member of sports team	Kevin Mason (born September 25, 1972) is a former American football quarterback who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, and Edmonton Eskimos.	Kevin Mason	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	William Cullen Bryant (May 20, 1951 -- October 13, 2009) was a professional American football player who spent thirteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL) as a running back and return specialist for the Los Angeles Rams and Seattle Seahawks.	Cullen Bryant	Los Angeles Rams	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Giray Kaçar previously played for Gençlerbirliği at the youth level, before transferring to Trabzonspor in 2008.	Giray Kaçar	Trabzonspor
member of sports team	Ayhan Tuna Üzümcü (born 6 August 1982) is a Turkish football defender, who plays for Adanaspor.	Tuna Üzümcü	Adanaspor
member of sports team	Marc Castells Ortega (born 12 March 1990 in Valencia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Marc Castells	CD Castellón
member of sports team	Danny Grimshaw is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Sharlston Rovers ARLFC, York City Knights, Hunslet Hawks, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Stand-off/Five-eighth, or Scrum-half/Halfback.	Danny Grimshaw	York City Knights	Hunslet Hawks	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Brett Brown (born February 16, 1961) is an American professional basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA.	Brett Brown	Philadelphia 76ers
member of sports team	Sipho Sibiya Riopel (also known as Siphos Sibya) is a retired South African-Canadian soccer player who is an assistant coach with the Vancouver Whitecaps women's team.	Sipho Sibiya	Vancouver Whitecaps
member of sports team	James Podsiadly (born 10 September 1981) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Geelong Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	James Podsiadly	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Youcef Reguigui (born 9 January 1990) is an Algerian road racing cyclist riding for MTN-- Qhubeka.	Youcef Reguigui	MTN-- Qhubeka
member of sports team	Alexander Homér (born 4 October 1970) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently manager of TJ Iskra Borčice.	Alexander Homér	TJ Iskra Borčice
member of sports team	On February 13, 2009, Marcus Banks was traded to the Toronto Raptors with Shawn Marion in exchange for Jermaine O'Neal and Jamario Moon.	Marcus Banks	Toronto Raptors
member of sports team	Josh Maveety (born November 29, 1988 in Kingston, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football punter and placekicker for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Josh Maveety	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Roman Chmelo (born 9 September 1980) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Indonesian Super League team PSM Makassar.	Roman Chmelo	PSM Makassar
member of sports team	In round 21, after playing 14 games and kicking 35 goals that year, Wayne Carey played what would end up being his last game for the North Melbourne Football Club.	Wayne Carey	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Kenyon Rasheed is a former National Football League running back for the New York Giants.	Kenyon Rasheed	New York Giants
member of sports team	Miho Shishiuchi (born August 21, 1992) is a Japanese ice hockey player for HPK and the Japanese national team.	Miho Shishiuchi	HPK
member of sports team	Larry Krause is a former player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers from 1970 to 1974 as a running back.	Larry Krause	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	In the liga mx Cristian Campestrini is known to take along time handling the ball , already in his short term with Puebla F.C. he has received two red cards as consequences.	Cristian Campestrini	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Nick Marsman (born 1 October 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for FC Twente, as a goalkeeper.	Nick Marsman	FC Twente
member of sports team	Onur Ayık (born 28 January 1990) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Süper Lig side Akhisar Belediyespor.	Onur Ayık	Akhisar Belediyespor
member of sports team	Amos Ekhalie (born 8 July 1988) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Veikausliiga as a midfielder.	Amos Ekhalie	IFK Mariehamn
member of sports team	Ronny Wabia (born June 23, 1970) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a striker for Persipura Jayapura and the Indonesia national team.	Ronny Wabia	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	John Plumtree is the current forwards coach for the Hurricanes and is the former head coach of the Natal Sharks, a rugby union team which competes in the Super Rugby and Currie Cup competitions.	John Plumtree	Natal Sharks
member of sports team	Jock Climie is a Canadian retired Canadian Football League player who played the slotback position primarily with the Toronto Argonauts, Ottawa Rough Riders, and Montreal Alouettes.	Jock Climie	Toronto Argonauts	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Sam Dunell (born 21 February 1990) is an Australian rules football player who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and currently plays for Williamstown in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Sam Dunell	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Luke McLean (born 29 June 1987) is an Italian Australian rugby union footballer who plays at fullback and fly-half for the Sale Sharks in England.	Luke McLean	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Łukasz Skorupski (born May 5, 1991 in Zabrze) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Empoli on loan from A.S. Roma.	Łukasz Skorupski	A.S. Roma
member of sports team	Jelle Wallays (born 11 May 1989) is a Belgian road cyclist, currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Topsport Vlaanderen-- Baloise.	Jelle Wallays	Topsport Vlaanderen-- Baloise
member of sports team	Donny Fernando Siregar or Donny Siregar is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Gresik United as a striker.	Donny Fernando Siregar	Gresik United
member of sports team	Yaser Salem Ali is a retired UAE football (soccer) player who played as a striker for Al Wahda S.C.C..	Yaser Salem Ali	Al Wahda S.C.C.
member of sports team	Moustapha Quaynor (born 17 July 1995) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division side Ermis Aradippou as a midfielder, on loan from AEL Limassol.	Moustapha Quaynor	Ermis Aradippou
member of sports team	Lukáš Škrečko (born July 17, 1987) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HKm Zvolen in the Slovak Extraliga.	Lukáš Škrečko	HKm Zvolen
member of sports team	Tomáš Cigánek (born 30 November 1978 in Přerov) is a Czech footballer (midfielder) who plays for SK Kladno.	Tomáš Cigánek	SK Kladno
member of sports team	Kenneth Vermeer (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkɛnət fərˈmeːr), born 10 January 1986) is a Dutch footballer, who plays as goalkeeper for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie and the Netherlands national team.	Kenneth Vermeer	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Danil Kutuzov (born 13 March 1987) is a Russian futsal player who plays for MFK Dina Moskva and the Russian national futsal team.	Danil Kutuzov	MFK Dina Moskva
member of sports team	József Windecker (born 2 December 1992 in Szeged, Hungary) is a Hungarian football player, currently playing for Hungarian side Paks on loan from Győri ETO FC.	József Windecker	Győri ETO FC
member of sports team	Enzo Ferrero (born January 3, 1953 in Campana) is a retired Argentine footballer who played for Boca Juniors in Argentina and Sporting de Gijón in Spain.	Enzo Ferrero	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	János Vas (born January 29, 1984, in Dunaújváros, Hungary) is a professional Hungarian ice hockey left wing currently playing in HC Slavia Praha.	János Vas	HC Slavia Praha
member of sports team	Carlos Alberto Carvalho dos Anjos Junior ``Juninho'' (born September 15, 1977 in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian professional football striker who currently plays for Japan's J. League club Kashima Antlers.	Carlos Alberto Carvalho dos Anjos Junior	Kashima Antlers
member of sports team	On 3 January 2008, Levski and Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. agreed on the transfers of Elin Topuzakov and Dimitar Telkiyski.	Dimitar Telkiyski	Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
member of sports team	Sven Blummel (born 8 September 1996) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a midfielder for PSV Eindhoven.	Sven Blummel	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Ece Türkoğlu (born April 14, 1999) is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League as captain for Kdz. Ereğlispor with jersey number 10.	Ece Türkoğlu	Kdz. Ereğlispor
member of sports team	John Westin (born May 19, 1992) is a Swedish ice hockey forward who plays for Modo Hockey in the Elitserien.	John Westin	Modo Hockey
member of sports team	Ruslan Kisil (Ukrainian: Руслан Сергійович Кісіль; born 23 October 1991, Novodonetske, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Ruslan Kisil	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Ditmar Shehri (born 19 August 1997 in Tirana) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an Goalkeeper for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Ditmar Shehri	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Tonny Emilio Trindade de Vilhena (born 3 January 1995), more commonly known as simply Tonny Vilhena, is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie.	Tonny Vilhena	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Ersin Kaya (born 5 July 1993) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a right midfielder or right back for Bayrampaşaspor.	Ersin Kaya	Bayrampaşaspor
member of sports team	Yohan Croizet (born 15 February 1992) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Belgian Pro League side Oud-Heverlee Leuven.	Yohan Croizet	Oud-Heverlee Leuven
member of sports team	Aron Liechti (born 15 February 1986) is a Swiss football defender, who currently plays for FC Biel-Bienne.	Aron Liechti	FC Biel-Bienne
member of sports team	Josiah Maduabuchi (born April 16, 1988 in Lagos) is a Nigerian football player currently with Lobi Stars F.C.	Josiah Maduabuchi	Lobi Stars F.C.
member of sports team	Achmad Jufriyanto Tohir (born 7 February 1987 in Tangerang, Banten) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League.	Achmad Jufriyanto	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Anatol Cheptine (born 20 May 1990 in Tiraspol, Moldova) is a footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok.	Anatol Cheptine	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Stefano Fortunato (born 15 January 1990) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for F.B.C. Unione Venezia.	Stefano Fortunato	F.B.C. Unione Venezia
member of sports team	Chris Molyneux is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, and 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Sheffield Eagles, Huddersfield Giants, Featherstone Rovers, and Batley Bulldogs, as a Prop.	Chris Molyneux	Sheffield Eagles	Huddersfield Giants	Featherstone Rovers	Batley Bulldogs
member of sports team	Chris Kuper (born December 19, 1982) is a former American football offensive guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL).	Chris Kuper	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Sebastian Díaz Villán (born June 28, 1983 in Montevideo), commonly known as Sebastian Díaz, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy.	Sebastian Díaz Villán	Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
member of sports team	Robin Strömberg (born 23 January 1992) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Östers IF, which he joined in January 2015 after four years at Mjällby AIF.	Robin Strömberg	Östers IF
member of sports team	Wilmar Jordán Gil (born 17 October 1990 in Medellín) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for UAE Pro-League side Emirates Club.	Wilmar Jordán	Emirates Club
member of sports team	Andy Kawaya (born 23 August 1996) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Willem II, on loan from Anderlecht, in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Andy Kawaya	Willem II
member of sports team	Jacek Kowalczyk (born 12 August 1981 in Katowice) is a footballer (defender) from Poland who last played for GKS Katowice.	Jacek Kowalczyk	GKS Katowice
member of sports team	Noel Devine (born February 16, 1988) is an American football running back who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Noel Devine	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Domagoj Duvnjak (born 1 June 1988) is a Croatian handball player who plays for THW Kiel.	Domagoj Duvnjak	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Alexander Fischer (born 16 September 1986) is a Danish professional football defender/winger, who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Randers FC.	Alexander Fischer	Randers FC
member of sports team	Artur Golański (born April 25, 1992 in Łask) is a Polish footballer who plays for ŁKS Łódź.	Artur Golański	ŁKS Łódź
member of sports team	Mitchell van Bergen (born 27 August 1999) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Vitesse.	Mitchell van Bergen	Vitesse
member of sports team	Péter Juhász (born 3 August 1948) was a Hungarian football defender, who played for Újpest FC.	Péter Juhász	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Fernando Llorente Mañas (born 18 September 1990 in Segovia, Castile and León) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Romanian club ACS Poli Timișoara as a central midfielder.	Fernando Llorente Mañas	ACS Poli Timișoara
member of sports team	Lee St Hilaire (born 15 February 1967 in Huddersfield) is an English rugby league player of the 1980s, and '90s, and coach, who at club level played for Huddersfield Giants, Castleford Tigers, Keighley and Hunslet Hawks, playing at hooker.	Lee St Hilaire	Huddersfield Giants	Castleford Tigers	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Israel Dagg (born 6 June 1988) is a New Zealand Rugby union player who plays for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and New Zealand internationally.	Israel Dagg	Crusaders
member of sports team	David Ménard (born May 13, 1989 in Chicoutimi, Quebec) is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	David Ménard	BC Lions
member of sports team	Luc Thimmesch (born 20 September 1980) is a Luxembourgian footballer who currently plays as a defender for CS Grevenmacher in Luxembourg's domestic National Division.	Luc Thimmesch	CS Grevenmacher
member of sports team	Ivan Kecojević (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Иван Кецојевић, born 10 April 1988 in Bar) is a Montenegrin footballer, who plays as a defender for Swiss club FC Zürich.	Ivan Kecojević	FC Zürich
member of sports team	Paddy Miquel Nelom (born 22 September 1990 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a defender for Dutch Eredivisie club Feyenoord.	Miquel Nelom	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Roman Sabler (born 4 September 1995) is a Slovak football player who plays as a forward for Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová, on loan from FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.	Roman Sabler	ŽP Šport Podbrezová
member of sports team	Tibor Baranyai (born 29 April 1978 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing for Soproni VSE.	Tibor Baranyai	Soproni VSE
member of sports team	Raúl Cabanas (born March 31, 1986) is a Spanish-Swiss footballer who currently plays as midfielder for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.	Raúl Cabanas	FC Wohlen
member of sports team	Frank van der Geest (born 30 April 1973) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Eredivisie for Sparta Rotterdam, in the Eerste Divisie for AZ Alkmaar, Heracles Almelo and FC Volendam, and in the English Football League for Darlington.	Frank van der Geest	Sparta Rotterdam	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Žarko Šešum (Serbian: Жарко Шешум; born 16 June 1986) is a Serbian handballer who plays for Frisch Auf Göppingen and the Serbian national team.	Žarko Šešum	Frisch Auf Göppingen
member of sports team	Rasmus Sebastian Holmén (born 29 April 1992) is a Swedish professional football defernder, who currently plays for the Swedish side IF Elfsborg.	Sebastian Holmén	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Stefano Gentile (born September 20, 1989) is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A as a point guard.	Stefano Gentile	Pallacanestro Reggiana
member of sports team	Hans Lindberg became the 2009--2010 and 2012--2013 season's Bundesliga Best Goal Scorer He won 2012--13 EHF Champions League with HSV Hamburg, becoming top scorer in the tournament.	Hans Lindberg	HSV Hamburg
member of sports team	Linus Malmqvist, (born September 9, 1981), is a former Swedish football player, who played ten seasons for Landskrona BoIS and three seasons for Trelleborgs FF between the years 2001 and 2013.	Linus Malmqvist	Landskrona BoIS	Trelleborgs FF
member of sports team	Carmelo Yuste Yuste (born 3 February 1984 in Teruel, Aragon), known simply as Carmelo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Teruel as a midfielder.	Carmelo Yuste Yuste	CD Teruel
member of sports team	Harold Buddery (6 October 1889 -- 23 August 1962) was an English footballer who played for Portsmouth in the Football League and also had spells with Doncaster Rovers, Southend United and Rotherham Town.	Harold Buddery	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Kenny Dehaes (born 10 November 1984 in Uccle) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer currently with UCI ProTour team Lotto-- Soudal.	Kenny Dehaes	Lotto-- Soudal
member of sports team	Emsad Zahirovic (born April 9, 1988) is an American soccer player of Bosnian origin who most recently played for Atlanta Silverbacks of the North American Soccer League.	Emsad Zahirovic	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Marco Streller (born 18 June 1981) is a retired Swiss footballer who played as a striker and is best known for his years with FC Basel and the Switzerland national team.	Marco Streller	FC Basel
member of sports team	Karol Fryzowicz (born March 27, 1991 in Głogów) is a Polish footballer who plays for KS Polkowice on loan from Zagłębie Lubin.	Karol Fryzowicz	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Fletcher Jenkins (born November 4, 1959 in Tacoma, WA) is a former professional American football defensive lineman for one season with the Baltimore Colts in the National Football League.	Fletcher Jenkins	Baltimore Colts
member of sports team	Kade Simpson (born 5 May 1984) is an Australian rules footballer, currently playing with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Kade Simpson	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Johannes Jacobus Strydom, better known as Hannes Strydom, born 13 July 1965 in Welkom, Free State), is a former South African rugby union player who played for the South Africa national rugby union team between 1993 and 1997.	Hannes Strydom	South Africa national rugby union team
member of sports team	Benoît Baby (born 7 September 1983 in Lavelanet, France) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing for Biarritz Olympique in the élite domestic championship, the Top 14.	Benoît Baby	Biarritz Olympique
member of sports team	Martin John (born 1 August 1988) is a professional footballer who has played for Argentinos Juniors, Cardiff City F.C., and Ontinyent CF.	Martin John	Cardiff City F.C.
member of sports team	Tomáš Micka (born 7 June 1983 in Jihlava, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga.	Tomáš Micka	HC Slavia Praha
member of sports team	Alexander Romeo Robinson (born December 5, 1985) is a Liberian football player currently play for Persiba Balikpapan in Indonesia Super League.	Alexander Romeo Robinson	Persiba Balikpapan
member of sports team	Bruno Petrachi (born 20 January 1997) is an Italian football goalkeeper playing at A.C. Monza Brianza 1912.	Bruno Petrachi	A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
member of sports team	Jo Maso (born 27 December 1944) is a former rugby union and rugby league footballer who played centre and fly-half for the France national rugby union team, gaining 25 caps.	Jo Maso	France national rugby union team
member of sports team	Herlyn Ysrael Zúñiga Yáñez (born August 27, 1976) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for FBC Melgar as a striker in the Peruvian First Division.	Ysrael Zúñiga	FBC Melgar
member of sports team	Vladislav Chernyshov (born 16 March 1981) is a Kazakh-Kyrgyz footballer currently playing for Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Irtysh Pavlodar as a defender.	Vladislav Chernyshov	FC Irtysh Pavlodar
member of sports team	Petrus Shitembi is an attacking-midfielder who plays for University of Pretoria F.C. in the South African Premier Soccer League.	Petrus Shitembi	University of Pretoria F.C.
member of sports team	Greg Kilkenny (born October 10, 1983 in Bray) is an Irish soccer player who currently plays for Western Mass Pioneers in the USL Second Division.	Greg Kilkenny	Western Mass Pioneers
member of sports team	Bright Allotey (born 14 September 1991 in Accra) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays as a defender for Great Olympics.	Bright Allotey	Great Olympics
member of sports team	Jim Dymock (born 4 April 1972 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league international of Tongan heritage who played for the Western Suburbs Magpies, Canterbury Bulldogs, Parramatta Eels and London Broncos.	Jim Dymock	London Broncos
member of sports team	Britton Colquitt (born March 20, 1985) is an American football punter for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL), having been signed by the Broncos as an undrafted free agent in December 2009.	Britton Colquitt	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Martin Oglanby (born in Cumbria, England), is the joint head coach with Gary Charlton of Co-operative Championship 1 side Workington Town.	Martin Oglanby	Workington Town
member of sports team	David Michel Acosta Márquez (born 14 February 1988) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Atenas de San Carlos in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Michel Acosta	Atenas de San Carlos
member of sports team	Brent Whitfield (born January 8, 1981 in Long Beach, California) is an American soccer player currently playing for Ventura County Fusion in the USL Premier Development League.	Brent Whitfield	Ventura County Fusion
member of sports team	Dražen Anđušić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дражен Анђушић; born 19 January 1993) is a Montenegrin football midfielder who plays for FK Dečić.	Dražen Anđušić	FK Dečić
member of sports team	Andriy Fartushnyak (Ukrainian: Андрій Петрович Фартушняк; born 24 March 1989, Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Tytan Armyansk in the Ukrainian First League.	Andriy Fartushnyak	FC Tytan Armyansk
member of sports team	Nick Daffy is a former Australian rules football player who played in the AFL between 1992 and 2001 for the Richmond Football Club and then played one game in 2002 for the Sydney Swans Football Club.	Nick Daffy	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Jake Bequette (born February 21, 1989) is an American football Defensive end/Tight end for the New England Patriots.	Jake Bequette	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Terry Campbell (born July 1, 1968) is a Canadian-born German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with EC Pfaffenhofen in the Bayernliga.	Terry Campbell	EC Pfaffenhofen
member of sports team	Tommi Taimi (born September 21, 1990) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Tommi Taimi	Amur Khabarovsk
member of sports team	Ferenc Fodor (born 22 March 1991 in Pécs) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC	Ferenc Fodor	Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
member of sports team	Jean-Gabriel Pageau (born November 11, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of the Ottawa Senators organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jean-Gabriel Pageau	Ottawa Senators
member of sports team	Tomislav Rukavina (born 14 October 1974) is a former Croatian footballer and former manager of Croatian club NK Osijek.	Tomislav Rukavina	NK Osijek
member of sports team	Bekir Yılmaz (born 6 March 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig.	Bekir Yılmaz	Bursaspor
member of sports team	Morgan Cox (born April 26, 1986) is an American football long snapper for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.	Morgan Cox	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Víctor Omar Mañón Barrón, better known as Víctor Mañón (born 6 February 1992, in Celaya) is a Mexican footballer forward, who plays for Celaya F.C. on loan from C.F. Pachuca.	Víctor Mañón	C.F. Pachuca
member of sports team	Jarret Lukin (born January 24, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.	Jarret Lukin	Evansville IceMen
member of sports team	Danny Desriveaux (born December 20, 1981, in Laval, Quebec) is a former professional Canadian football slotback in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes and the Toronto Argonauts.	Danny Desriveaux	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Gabriel Izquier Artiles (born 29 April 1993), commonly known as Gabri, is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca B as a defender.	Gabriel Izquier Artiles	RCD Mallorca B
member of sports team	Jean Luc Gbayara Assoubre (born 8 August 1992), known as Jean Luc, is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a winger.	Jean Luc Gbayara Assoubre	Gimnàstic de Tarragona
member of sports team	Jacque Vaughn (born February 11, 1975) is an American former professional basketball player and head coach who most recently coached the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Jacque Vaughn	Orlando Magic
member of sports team	Andrew McQualter (born 9 June 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who played 89 games for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Andrew McQualter	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	John Swallen is a retired American soccer player who played professionally with the Minnesota Thunder for twelve seasons.	John Swallen	Minnesota Thunder
member of sports team	Martin Rennie is a Scottish football manager who is currently managing Seoul E-Land FC of K League Challenge in Korea.	Martin Rennie	Seoul E-Land FC
member of sports team	Anderson full name Anderson da Silva Gibin (born 21 July 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias.	Anderson da Silva Gibin	Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias
member of sports team	Ozzie Canseco had a brief major league career, playing in 24 career games with the Oakland Athletics and St. Louis Cardinals between 1990 and 1993.	Ozzie Canseco	Oakland Athletics	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Joaquín Beltrán Vargas (born 29 April 1977 in Mexico City) is a Mexican former professional football defender who last played for Querétaro F.C. Beltran has spent most of his career with Pumas UNAM.	Joaquín Beltrán	Querétaro F.C.
member of sports team	Nereo Champagne (born 20 January 1985 in Salto) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Club Olimpo in the Argentine Primera División.	Nereo Champagne	Club Olimpo
member of sports team	Sergiu Matei is a Moldovan footballer who plays for FC Academia Chișinău and the Moldova national under-21 football team.	Sergiu Matei	FC Academia Chișinău
member of sports team	Jamall Johnson (born October 12, 1982 in Norco, Louisiana) is a gridiron football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Jamall Johnson	BC Lions
member of sports team	James Troy Archer (January 16, 1955--June 22, 1979) was an American football defensive tackle who played three seasons in the National Football League for the New York Giants.	Troy Archer	New York Giants
member of sports team	Dejan Godar (born 19 May 1978) is Croatian footballer who plays for Degerfors IF in the Swedish Division 1.	Dejan Godar	Degerfors IF
member of sports team	Han Duan (simplified Chinese: 韩端; traditional Chinese: 韓端; pinyin: Hán Duān; born 15 June 1983, in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football forward who last played for Los Angeles Sol of Women's Professional Soccer and was a member of the Chinese National Team.	Han Duan	Los Angeles Sol
member of sports team	Yevhen Halchuk (Ukrainian: Євген Володимирович Гальчук, born 5 March 1992 in Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Yevhen Halchuk	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	John Teltschik (born March 8, 1964 in Floresville, Texas) is a former punter in the National Football League who spent his entire career playing for the Philadelphia Eagles.	John Teltschik	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Zachary Slade Heathcott (born September 28, 1990) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Slade Heathcott	New York Yankees
member of sports team	Dwayne Sandy (born 19 February 1989) is a football player for the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team who plays for Avenues United FC on loan from Caledonia AIA.	Dwayne Sandy	Avenues United FC
member of sports team	Saber Khalifa (born 14 October 1986) is a Tunisian international footballer who plays for Club Africain, on loan from French club Marseille, as a winger and striker.	Saber Khalifa	Club Africain
member of sports team	Antonio Warren (born November 25, 1975 in San Francisco, California) is a former Canadian Football League running back who played with the BC Lions and the Calgary Stampeders and Edmonton Eskimos.	Antonio Warren	BC Lions	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Admir Teli (born 2 June 1981) is an Albanian footballer who most recently played as a defender for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League and the Albania national football team.	Admir Teli	FK Qarabağ
member of sports team	Hwang Mu-kyu (born August 19, 1982) is a South Korean football player who played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings and Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo.	Hwang Mu-kyu	Suwon Samsung Bluewings
member of sports team	Lukáš Hruška (born 2 March 1992 in Prešov) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Lukáš Hruška	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Joris Kayembe-Ditu (born 8 August 1994), simply known as Joris Kayembe is a Belgian professional footballer playing for Rio Ave F.C. on loan from F.C. Porto as a winger and wingback.	Joris Kayembe	Rio Ave F.C.
member of sports team	Til Bettenstaedt (born 20 January 1976 in Marburg) is a former German footballer and currently the manager of BV Cloppenburg II. From 1999--2000 season on he played for 2.	Til Bettenstaedt	BV Cloppenburg
member of sports team	Godfrey Pereira is a former Indian footballer who was last the head coach for Air India FC in the I-League.	Godfrey Pereira	Air India
member of sports team	Patrick Bordeleau (born March 23, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who is currently playing with the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Patrick Bordeleau	Colorado Avalanche
member of sports team	Paulo Roberto Gonzaga (born January 26, 1989 in Blumenau, Santa Catarina), most commonly known as Paulinho, is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Shonan Bellmare.	Paulo Roberto Gonzaga	Shonan Bellmare
member of sports team	Mönkh-Erdeniin Tögöldör (Mongolian: Мөнх-Эрдэнийн Төгөлдөр) is a Mongolian footballer who currently plays for Erchim in Ulanbaatar as a midfielder.	Mönkh-Erdeniin Tögöldör	Erchim
member of sports team	Peter Bucknall (born 24 August 1982) is an English rugby union player who plays at tight-head prop for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership.	Peter Bucknall	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Larisa Savina is a Russian former football who played mainly for CSK VVS Samara and Lada Togliatti in the Russian Championship, also playing the European Cup with Lada.	Larisa Savina	CSK VVS Samara
member of sports team	Bo Spellerberg (born 24 July 1979) is a Danish handball player, currently playing for Danish Handball League side KIF Kolding København.	Bo Spellerberg	KIF Kolding
member of sports team	Browning Nagle (born April 29, 1968) is a retired American football quarterback for the National Football League's New York Jets, Indianapolis Colts, and Atlanta Falcons.	Browning Nagle	New York Jets	Indianapolis Colts	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Matt Crowther (born 6 May 1974) is a former rugby league player who played for Sheffield Eagles, Huddersfield-Sheffield Giants and Hull.	Matt Crowther	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Jason Glenn (born August 20, 1979) is a former American football linebacker who played for the New York Jets, the Miami Dolphins, and the Minnesota Vikings between 2001--2006.	Jason Glenn	New York Jets	Miami Dolphins	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Fred Kendall (born January 31, 1949 in Torrance, California) was a catcher for parts of 12 seasons in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres, Cleveland Indians, and Boston Red Sox.	Fred Kendall	San Diego Padres	Cleveland Indians	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Mike Prokopec (born May 17, 1974 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 15 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks.	Mike Prokopec	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Valentyn Poltavets, (Ukrainian: Валентин Полтавець Миколайович, born 18 April 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine), is a Ukrainian football midfielder currently playing for FC Odesa.	Valentyn Poltavets	FC Odesa
member of sports team	Denis Makarov (born August 3, 1983) is a Russian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Spartak Moscow team in Russia.	Denis Makarov	HC Spartak Moscow
member of sports team	David Diosa (born 4 December 1992) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a forward for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.	David Diosa	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Ricardo Jorge Oliveira Valente (born 3 April 1991 in Porto) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. as a forward.	Ricardo Jorge Oliveira Valente	Vitória S.C.
member of sports team	In January 2011, Ró-Ró left his country of adoption and signed for Al Ahli SC (Doha) in Qatar.	Ró-Ró	Al Ahli SC
member of sports team	Adilson Dos Santos (born May 15, 1974 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie clubs Sparta Rotterdam, FC Eindhoven, SBV Excelsior, RKC Waalwijk and N.E.C. (football club) during the 1992-2002 football seasons.	Adilson Dos Santos	Sparta Rotterdam	FC Eindhoven	N.E.C.
member of sports team	Martin Christensen (born 23 December 1987) is a Danish professional footballer, who curretntly plays for the Allsvenskan team Helsingborgs IF, joining the club from Åtvidabergs FF at the start of the 2016 season.	Martin Christensen	Åtvidabergs FF
member of sports team	Szilárd Éles (born 1 October 1987 in Berettyóújfalu) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok on loan from Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE.	Szilárd Éles	Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
member of sports team	Selorm Kuadey (5 May 1987 -- 3 January 2012) was a professional rugby union player who played for Sale Sharks as well as the England national under-20 rugby union team.	Selorm Kuadey	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Jakub Świerczok ((ˈjakub ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɔk); born 28 December 1992 in Tychy) is a Polish footballer who plays for Górnik Łęczna.	Jakub Świerczok	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Joonas Liimatainen (born July 4, 1991) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with the Cardiff Devils in the EIHL during the 2013-14 season.	Joonas Liimatainen	Cardiff Devils
member of sports team	Raymond Baten (born 26 January 1989) is an Aruban international footballer who plays for Dutch club Voorschoten '97, as a midfielder.	Raymond Baten	Voorschoten '97
member of sports team	Sid-Ahmed Bouziane (born 18 July 1983 in Quetigny, Dijon) is an Algerian-French footballer who is currently playing for FC Thun in the Swiss Challenge League.	Sid-Ahmed Bouziane	FC Thun
member of sports team	Balal Arezou (also Belal or Bilal; born 28 December 1988) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a forward and is currently playing for Norwegian club Moss FK.	Balal Arezou	Moss FK
member of sports team	Łukasz Polański (born January 29, 1989) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish club AZS Częstochowa.	Łukasz Polański	AZS Częstochowa
member of sports team	Alexandre Frutos (born April 23, 1982 in Vitry-le-François, Marne) is a French professional football player of Spanish origin, currently playing for K.S.V. Oudenaarde after leaving Brighton and Hove Albion.	Alexandre Frutos	K.S.V. Oudenaarde
member of sports team	Luke Pavlou is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Brisbane Roar FC.	Luke Pavlou	Brisbane Roar FC
member of sports team	Thaddaeus Washington (born November 10, 1983 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American football linebacker for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Thaddaeus Washington	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Pål Vestly Heigre (born 15 March 1995) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Viking FK.	Pål Vestly Heigre	Viking FK
member of sports team	Eneko Fernández de Garayalde Jiménez (born 26 May 1984 in Zaragoza, Aragon), known simply as Eneko, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tudelano as a winger.	Eneko Fernández	CD Tudelano
member of sports team	Toni Tipurić (born 10 September 1990) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina born Austrian professional footballer who plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce as a defender.	Toni Tipurić	FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
member of sports team	Róbert Polievka (born 9 June 1996) is a Slovak footballer who plays FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda as a forward.	Róbert Polievka	FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
member of sports team	Grigol Bediashvili (born on 7 February 1980) is a Georgian footballer (goalkeeper) playing currently for FC Metalurgi Rustavi.	Grigol Bediashvili	FC Metalurgi Rustavi
member of sports team	Daniel Woger (born February 25, 1988) is an Austrian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Graz 99ers of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Daniel Woger	Graz 99ers
member of sports team	Kevin Ara is an American soccer player, who played defensive midfielder for D.C. United.	Kevin Ara	D.C. United
member of sports team	Peter McCloy (born 16 November 1946 in Girvan, Ayrshire) is a retired football goalkeeper who played for Motherwell and Rangers.	Peter McCloy	Rangers
member of sports team	Ali Mtairik (born 15 January 1978) is a Lebanese footballer who played as a defender for Al Ahed and Shabab Al-Sahel,On 24 July 2014 Mtairik died in his house as a result of an Electric Shock.	Ali Mtairik	Shabab Al-Sahel
member of sports team	Magnus Tappert (born 3 March 1986) is a Swedish football player, who currently plays for Vasalunds IF in Division 1 Norra, the third highest league in Sweden.	Magnus Tappert	Vasalunds IF
member of sports team	Björn Werner (German pronunciation: (bjœɐ̯n ˈvɛɐ̯nɐ)) (born August 30, 1990) is a German-born American football outside linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL).	Björn Werner	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Levi Coleman (born December 14, 1986 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tulsa Athletics in the NPSL and the Tulsa Revolution in the PASL.	Levi Coleman	Tulsa Athletics
member of sports team	Walter Vílchez made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 2000 season playing for Deportivo Wanka.	Walter Vílchez	Deportivo Wanka
member of sports team	Kenneth Di Vita Jensen (born 22 July 1990) is a Norwegian soccer player of American descent, who is playing as a forward for Fredrikstad FK.	Kenneth Di Vita Jensen	Fredrikstad FK
member of sports team	Nikola Matas (born 22 June 1987 in Sinj) is a Croatian football defender who currently playing for NK Osijek.	Nikola Matas	NK Osijek
member of sports team	Bernardo Correa (born 19 June 1995), is a Chilean footballer who plays as Striker for Deportes Valdivia in Chile's Primera División.	Bernardo Correa	Deportes Valdivia
member of sports team	Simoni Lawrence (born February 1, 1989) is a Canadian football linebacker Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Simoni Lawrence	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Sylvester Igbonu, commonly known as Sylvester Igboun (born 8 September 1990) is a Nigerian professional football midfielder, who currently plays for the Russian Premier League club FC Ufa.	Sylvester Igboun	FC Ufa
member of sports team	Neil Lumsden (born December 19, 1952 in London, Ontario) is a former Canadian Football League player who played mostly as a fullback and also as a running back for the Toronto Argonauts, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Edmonton Eskimos from 1976 to 1985.	Neil Lumsden	Toronto Argonauts	Hamilton Tiger-Cats	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Leroy Labylle (born 11 March 1991 in Liège) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a left back for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Leroy Labylle	MVV Maastricht
member of sports team	Duane Ferrell was never drafted but found his way into the NBA after being signed as a free agent by the Atlanta Hawks in 1988.	Duane Ferrell	Atlanta Hawks
member of sports team	Sergio Pupovac, also known as Serdo or Serdjio Pupovac (born 5 July 1979) is a French-born Luxembourgian footballer, who currently plays in Luxembourg for FC UNA Strassen.	Sergio Pupovac	FC UNA Strassen
member of sports team	Wesley Fofana (born 20 January 1988) is a French rugby union player, of Malian descent, who plays for ASM Clermont Auvergne and the France national rugby union team.	Wesley Fofana	ASM Clermont Auvergne	France national rugby union team
member of sports team	Ned Catic (born 2 August 1978) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Penrith Panthers, Sydney Roosters, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Castleford Tigers, and Barrow Raiders.	Ned Catic	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats	Castleford Tigers	Barrow Raiders
member of sports team	Keijo Huusko (born 5 August 1980 in Kemi) is a Finnish footballer currently playing RoPS.	Keijo Huusko	RoPS
member of sports team	Mariann Gajhede Knudsen (born 16 November 1984) is a Danish footballer, who plays as a central midfielder for Linköpings FC in Sweden's Damallsvenskan.	Mariann Gajhede Knudsen	Linköpings FC
member of sports team	Brett Engelhardt (born August 12, 1980, in Sheboygan, Wisconsin) is an American ice hockey Forward who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the DEL.	Brett Engelhardt	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	Mark Blicavs (born 28 March 1991) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark Blicavs	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Vladimir Markotić (born June 17, 1980) is a Bosnian Croat goalkeeper who plays for London City of the Canadian Soccer League.	Vladimir Markotić	London City
member of sports team	Wiehan Hay (born 2 February 1992 in Kempton Park, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, who most recently playing with the Natal Sharks.	Wiehan Hay	Natal Sharks
member of sports team	Johan Nås (born 9 February 1983) is a Norwegian football defender and striker who currently plays for Frigg Oslo FK.	Johan Nås	Frigg Oslo FK
member of sports team	Reece Conca (born 12 August 1992) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Reece Conca	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Livingstone Adjin (born 12 April 1989) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division side Doxa Katokopias F.C..	Livingstone Adjin	Doxa Katokopias F.C.
member of sports team	Mihăiţă Lazăr (born 3 November 1986), commonly known as Mihai Lazăr, is a Romanian rugby union player who plays as a prop for Top 14 club Castres Olympique and the Romania national team.	Mihai Lazăr	Castres Olympique
member of sports team	Marc Janko (born 25 June 1983) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a striker for Swiss Super League club FC Basel and the Austrian national team.	Marc Janko	FC Basel
member of sports team	Kalle Maalahti (born April 30, 1991) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with SaiPa in the SM-liiga during the 2010-11 season.	Kalle Maalahti	SaiPa
member of sports team	Eric Valent (born April 4, 1977) is a former Major League Baseball player and current Scout in the Philadelphia Phillies organization.	Eric Valent	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Mads Agesen(born 17 March 1983) is a Danish Defender playing for the Danish Superliga club Randers FC.	Mads Agesen	Randers FC
member of sports team	Sisay Bancha (Amharic: ሲሳይ ባንጫ?, 24 August 1989) is an Ethiopian professional football player who currently plays for the Ethiopian Premier League team Dedebit and the number one goalkeeper of the current Ethiopian national football team.	Sisay Bancha	Dedebit
member of sports team	Bram van Polen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbrɑm vɑm ˈpoːlə(n)); born 1 October 1985 in Nijkerk, Gelderland) is a Dutch football defender who currently plays for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Bram van Polen	PEC Zwolle
member of sports team	Joonas Kemppainen (born April 7, 1988) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays professionally for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Joonas Kemppainen	Boston Bruins
member of sports team	Aaron Ollett joined the Cougars in October 2015 following his surprise release from the Hull Kingston Rovers He was developed through Hull KR's academy, and is currently on loan to Championship side Gateshead Thunder, where he is appearing fairly regularly as a Hooker.	Aaron Ollett	Hull Kingston Rovers	Gateshead Thunder
member of sports team	Nebojša Prtenjak (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Пртењак; born 10 May 1983) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for FK Dečić in Montenegrin Second League.	Nebojša Prtenjak	FK Dečić
member of sports team	Malick Mané (born 14 October 1988) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for the Najran SC on loan from the Swedish club IFK Göteborg as a forward.	Malick Mané	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Ladislav Martan (born 2 October 1989) is a Czech football striker currently playing for 1. FC Slovácko.	Ladislav Martan	1. FC Slovácko
member of sports team	Joe Sheerin (born 1 February 1979 in Hammersmith, London) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Premier League for Chelsea and in the Football League for A.F.C. Bournemouth.	Joe Sheerin	A.F.C. Bournemouth
member of sports team	Cyril Jeunechamp began his career at hometown club Nîmes Olympique, later playing for AJ Auxerre and Bastia when they made their way to the finals of the French Cup.	Cyril Jeunechamp	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Cristian Alberdi López (born 14 April 1980) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Amorebieta as a central midfielder.	Cristian Alberdi	SD Amorebieta
member of sports team	Riza Durmisi (born 8 January 1994) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a left wing-back for the Danish club Brøndby IF.	Riza Durmisi	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Zoltán Bükszegi (born 16 December 1975) is a Hungarian football player who last played for Víkingur Gøta.	Zoltán Bükszegi	Víkingur Gøta
member of sports team	Sebastián Taborda Ramos (born 22 May 1981) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Nacional de Football as a centre forward.	Sebastián Taborda	Club Nacional de Football
member of sports team	Sergio Busquets Burgos (Catalan: (busˈkɛts), Spanish pronunciation: (ˈserxjo βusˈkets); born 16 July 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.	Sergio Busquets	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Kingsley Pele van Anholt (born 23 April 1991) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a full back for SC Heerenveen in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Pele van Anholt	SC Heerenveen
member of sports team	Roger Hitoto (born 24 February 1969 in Mbandara) is a retired football player from the DR Congo who played in France for FC Rouen, Lille, FC Mantes, CMS Oissel and Arménienne ASOA.	Roger Hitoto	FC Rouen	FC Mantes	CMS Oissel
member of sports team	Rhodri Lloyd (born 22 July 1993 in Penpedairheol, Caerphilly) is a Welsh professional rugby league player for who at representative level has played for Wales and at club level for Wigan (his current club), and London Broncos in the Super League, as a second-row.	Rhodri Lloyd	London Broncos
member of sports team	Malcolm Barnwell (born June 28, 1958 in Charleston, South Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Washington Redskins, the New Orleans Saints and the Oakland Raiders.	Malcolm Barnwell	Washington Redskins	New Orleans Saints	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Jakub Rada (born 5 May 1987 in Prague) is a Czech football Midfielder who currently plays for Bohemians 1905.	Jakub Rada	Bohemians 1905
member of sports team	João Vitor da Silva or simply João Vitor (born March 15, 1983 in Jardim Alegre-PR), is a Brazilian central defender for Brusque Futebol Clube.	João Vitor da Silva	Brusque Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Billy Orchard (9 August 1888 -- 22 July 1965) was an Australian rules football player for the Geelong Football Club between 1906 and 1915.	Billy Orchard	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Emmelie Konradsson (born 9 April 1989) is a Swedish former footballer who played in midfield for Damallsvenskan club Umeå IK and the Sweden women's national football team.	Emmelie Konradsson	Umeå IK
member of sports team	Hussain Al-Romaihi (Arabic: حسين الرميحي‎; born 12 September 1974) is a retired Qatari footballer who played for Qatar SC as a goalkeeper.	Hussain Al-Romaihi	Qatar SC
member of sports team	Fábio Alves Macedo (born 16 March 1985 in Ariquemes) known as Fabinho, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer.	Fábio Alves	Philadelphia Union
member of sports team	Henri Mata (born 26 April 1986 in Burrel) is a professional Albanian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for KS Burreli in the Albanian First Division, where he is also the club captain.	Henri Mata	KS Burreli
member of sports team	Filip Osman (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Осман; born 21 December 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo.	Filip Osman	FK Smederevo
member of sports team	Hans-Ulrich Grapenthin (born September 2, 1943) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for FC Carl Zeiss Jena in 308 Oberliga matches.	Hans-Ulrich Grapenthin	FC Carl Zeiss Jena
member of sports team	In February 2011, Danijel Subotić signed a contract with the Romanian club FC Universitatea Craiova of Liga 1.	Danijel Subotić	FC Universitatea Craiova
member of sports team	Dardan Berisha (born 15 November 1988) is a Polish-Kosovan professional basketball player who plays for Sigal Prishtina of the Kosovo Basketball Superleague.	Dardan Berisha	Sigal Prishtina
member of sports team	Pape Maguette Kebe (born December 28, 1979 in Dakar) is a Senegalese professional football player who plays for ASC Diaraf.	Pape Maguette Kebe	ASC Diaraf
member of sports team	Stephan Thee (born July 26, 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for VfL Osnabrück.	Stephan Thee	VfL Osnabrück
member of sports team	Rudolf Sukhomlynov (Ukrainian: Рудольф Олегович Сухомлинов; born 11 March 1993 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is an Ukrainian football defender who plays for Skonto FC in the Latvian Higher League.	Rudolf Sukhomlynov	Skonto FC
member of sports team	Jung-ho Kang (Korean: 강정호; born April 5, 1987) is a South Korean third baseman and shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball.	Jung-ho Kang	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Nemanja Pejčinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Пејчиновић; born 4 November 1987) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Russian side FC Lokomotiv Moscow.	Nemanja Pejčinović	FC Lokomotiv Moscow
member of sports team	Gustavo Hebling de Aguiar (born 5 April 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie.	Gustavo Hebling	PEC Zwolle
member of sports team	Marcellus Rivers played on the Houston Texans, New England Patriots, and the New York Giants.	Marcellus Rivers	Houston Texans	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Sebastian Albrecht is a German professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Sebastian Albrecht	Eisbären Berlin
member of sports team	Craig Moir (born 25 September 1973 in Aberdeen) is a retired Scottish rugby footballer who played for Northampton Saints and represented Scotland at rugby union.	Craig Moir	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Barrie Hansen (born August 11, 1941) was a Canadian football defensive back and occasional punt returner who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Montreal Alouettes, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, and BC Lions.	Barrie Hansen	Winnipeg Blue Bombers	BC Lions
member of sports team	Peter Phyll (born 4 February 1974) is a Montserratian international football player who plays as adefender for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship.	Peter Phyll	Ideal SC
member of sports team	Lynn Hopkins is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s playing at representative level for Wales, and Cumbria, and at club level for Workington Town, and Kent Invicta, as a Fullback, i.e. number 1.	Lynn Hopkins	Workington Town
member of sports team	Roland Hooks (born January 2, 1953 in Brooklyn, New York) was an American football running back in the NFL who played for the Buffalo Bills.	Roland Hooks	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Lucian Ilie (born 14 October 1967) is a retired Romanian footballer who played for Rapid Bucharest, in Sweden for Jönköpings Södra, and Belgian side KV Mechelen, in the Netherlands for FC Wageningen, FC Groningen, BV Veendam, and FC Zwolle.	Lucian Ilie	FC Groningen
member of sports team	Roger Eli is a former professional footballer who played for Leeds United, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cambridge United, Crewe Alexandra, York City, Bury F.C., Burnley F.C. and Scunthorpe United.	Roger Eli	Bury F.C.	Burnley F.C.
member of sports team	Bogi Løkin began his career at NSÍ Runavík and made over 100 appearances for the club before he turned 21.	Bogi Løkin	NSÍ Runavík
member of sports team	Britta Carlson (born 3 March 1978) is a German former football midfielder who played in the Frauen Bundesliga for Hamburger SV, Turbine Potsdam and VfL Wolfsburg.	Britta Carlson	Hamburger SV	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Kenny Neil was a professional American football player who played defensive lineman for the New York Jets and Houston Oilers.	Kenny Neil	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Daniel Barbosa Alves (born 14 May 1993 in Paris) aka Dani, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Trofense as a forward.	Daniel Barbosa Alves	C.D. Trofense
member of sports team	Abelardo Fernández Antuña (Spanish pronunciation: (aβeˈlarðo ferˈnandeθ anˈtuɲa); born 19 April 1970), known simply as Abelardo, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and the current coach of Sporting de Gijón.	Abelardo Fernández	Sporting de Gijón
member of sports team	Ryan Donk impressed in the 2005--06 season at RKC Waalwijk, and with an expiring contract, he wanted to make a step up to a higher level.	Ryan Donk	RKC Waalwijk
member of sports team	Patrick Erras (born 21 January 1995) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2.	Patrick Erras	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	In 1989, aged 33, Eduardo Luís left Porto and signed for Rio Ave F.C. in the second division.	Eduardo Luís	Rio Ave F.C.
member of sports team	Matt Bucknor (born June 30, 1985) is a professional Canadian football cornerback who is currently a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Matt Bucknor	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Jeremiah Dennehy (born 29 March 1950), commonly referred to as Miah Dennehy, is a former Irish footballer who played for, among others, Cork Hibernians, Nottingham Forest, Walsall F.C., and Bristol Rovers.	Miah Dennehy	Walsall F.C.
member of sports team	Mark Coughlan (born 20 April 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 2001 to 2009.	Mark Coughlan	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Shayron Curiel (born April 17, 1991 in Willemstad, Curacao) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie clubs Sparta Rotterdam and FC Dordrecht during the 2010-2012 football seasons.	Shayron Curiel	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Joshua Grenier (born July 16, 1979 in Manchester, New Hampshire) is a retired American soccer player who last played for TuS Koblenz in Germany's second division, the 2.	Joshua Grenier	TuS Koblenz
member of sports team	Aurélien Rougerie (born 26 September 1980) is a rugby union player who plays on the wing and Centre for France and captains ASM Clermont Auvergne in the French Top 14.	Aurélien Rougerie	ASM Clermont Auvergne
member of sports team	Andrea Wilkens (born October 16, 1984) is a German football midfielder currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.	Andrea Wilkens	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Almedin Hota (born 22 July 1976) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Iranian team Aluminium Hormozgan F.C..	Almedin Hota	Aluminium Hormozgan F.C.
member of sports team	Christian Mohr (born April 5, 1980, in Aachen, Germany) is an American football defensive end who played for the Seattle Seahawks, Philadelphia Eagles and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.	Christian Mohr	Seattle Seahawks	Philadelphia Eagles	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Carlos Bernier Rodríguez (January 28, 1927 -- April 6, 1989) was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player, an outfielder who played one full season of Major League Baseball for the 1953 Pittsburgh Pirates.	Carlos Bernier	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Vladan Đogatović Born in Ivanjica, began his career in his native Serbia playing for FK Javor Ivanjica .	Vladan Đogatović	FK Javor Ivanjica
member of sports team	Renaud Emond (born 5 December 1991) is a Belgian football player, who currently plays as a striker for Standard Liège in the Belgian Pro League.	Renaud Emond	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Léon Bergsma (born 25 January 1997) is a Dutch professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a defender.	Léon Bergsma	Jong Ajax
member of sports team	Žarko Jeličić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Јеличић; born 12 October 1983) is a Serbian football player playing for FK Brodarac.	Žarko Jeličić	FK Brodarac
member of sports team	Bruno Verges (born November 1, 1975 in France) is a retired rugby league player who played for Catalans Dragons in the Super League competition.	Bruno Verges	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Jarno Tenkula (born 16 June 1982) is a Finnish football player currently playing for RoPS; he formerly played for OLS, TP-47, VPS and AC Oulu.	Jarno Tenkula	RoPS
member of sports team	Asier Illarramendi ``Illarra'' Andonegi (Spanish pronunciation: (a'sjer iʎara'mendi); born 8 March 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a defensive midfielder.	Asier Illarramendi	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Anatoliy Vlasichev (Russian Анатолий Власичев) born 14 June 1988, is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a midfielder, most recently for FC Alay Osh in Kyrgyzstan.	Anatoliy Vlasichev	FC Alay
member of sports team	In June 1994, Preki signed with the San Jose Grizzlies of the Continental Indoor Soccer League where he rejoined Bob McNab from his Tacoma days.	Preki	San Jose Grizzlies
member of sports team	Herbert Lock (21 January 1887 -- 16 March 1957) was an English professional goalkeeper who played for Southampton and Rangers in the early part of the twentieth century.	Herbert Lock	Rangers
member of sports team	Rodrigo Fabiano Mendes or simply Rodrigo Mendes (born August 9, 1975 in Uberaba, is a Brazilian attacking midfielder, he currently plays for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo, formerly played for Fortaleza who was released on June 5, 2009 due to successive muscular problems on both tights).	Rodrigo Mendes	Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo
member of sports team	Filip Kinček (born 24 August 1991) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for ŠKF Sereď, on loan from FC Nitra.	Filip Kinček	ŠKF Sereď
member of sports team	Asadollah Mikaeili, better known as Dariush Mikaeili is an Iranian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran F.C. in the Iranian Premier League.	Dariush Mikaeili	Naft Tehran F.C.
member of sports team	On 20 September 2012, CFR 1907 Cluj enjoyed a dream start to UEFA Champions League group stage campaign against S.C. Braga, with Rafael Bastos scoring twice against his former club.	Rafael Bastos	S.C. Braga
member of sports team	Stanislav Klobása (born 7 March 1994) is a professional Czech football forward who plays for FK Mladá Boleslav.	Stanislav Klobása	FK Mladá Boleslav
member of sports team	Eric Walsky (born September 30, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey right winger who plays for the Lausanne HC of the National League A (Switzerland).	Eric Walsky	Lausanne HC
member of sports team	Tom Cassidy (born March 15, 1952 in Blind River, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Penguins.	Tom Cassidy	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Mathias Jensen (born 1 January 1996) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga-side FC Nordsjælland.	Mathias Jensen	FC Nordsjælland
member of sports team	Willie Drewrey (born April 28, 1963 in Columbus section of Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Willie Drewrey	Houston Oilers	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Alexandr Bolsacov (born 19 November 1994) is a Moldovan footballer who plays for Moldovan National Division club FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol as a defender.	Alexandr Bolsacov	FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol
member of sports team	Wayne Rasmussen was an American football player who played defensive back for the Detroit Lions.	Wayne Rasmussen	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Stijn Houben (born 5 April 1995) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as for Delhi Dynamos FC in India, as a central defender.	Stijn Houben	Delhi Dynamos FC
member of sports team	Liam Williams (born 9 April 1991) is a Welsh international union player currently playing for the Scarlets having previously played for Llanelli.	Liam Williams	Scarlets
member of sports team	Amit Shumovich is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Columbia Lions, he previously played for Maccabi Netanya.	Amit Shumovich	Columbia Lions
member of sports team	Andrew Raines (born 8 March 1986) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club, Brisbane Lions and Gold Coast Suns in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Andrew Raines	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Rick Sowieta (born March 10, 1954 in Heusden, Belgium) is a former CFL linebacker who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Ottawa Rough Riders, for whom he played eight years.	Rick Sowieta	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Troy Hernandez (born May 22, 1987) is a Canadian-Trinidadian soccer player who currently plays for Baltimore Blast .	Troy Hernandez	Baltimore Blast
member of sports team	Barnes Osei (born 8 January 1995), simply known as Barnes, is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for C.F. União, on loan from F.C. Paços de Ferreira, as a forward.	Barnes Osei	C.F. União
member of sports team	Christos Efthymiou (Greek: Χρίστος Ευθυμίου) born 6 March 1988 in Nicosia) is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for MEAP Nisou.	Christos Efthymiou	MEAP Nisou
member of sports team	Kim Jiwan (born June 2, 1990) is a South Korean professional basketball player currently playing for the Incheon ET-Land Elephants of the Korean Basketball League (KBL).	Kim Jiwan	Incheon ET-Land Elephants
member of sports team	Abdulkareem Elemosho (born August 10, 1977 in Ilorin) is a Nigerian football (soccer) player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Nigeria.	Abdulkareem Elemosho	Kwara United F.C.
member of sports team	Søren Colding (born 2 September 1972) is a Danish former professional football player, who most prominently captained Danish club Brøndby IF and VfL Bochum in Germany from his position of right back.	Søren Colding	Brøndby IF	VfL Bochum
member of sports team	Loïc Chatton (born 26 February 1991 Switzerland) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a forward or offensiv middfielder for Neuchâtel Xamax FCS in the Swiss Challenge League.	Loïc Chatton	Neuchâtel Xamax
member of sports team	Gabriel Spilar, formerly Gabriel Špilár (Košice, 15 December 1980) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga.	Gabriel Spilar	HC Košice
member of sports team	In the 2006--2007 season Sorin Iodi promoted with his team in Liga I. Since then he played for CS Otopeni but became free agent in the summer of 2008.	Sorin Iodi	CS Otopeni
member of sports team	Lamine Fall (born 10 July 1992 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Lamine Fall	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Howard Fondyke (born 5 January 1990) is an Australian footballer who plays for Sydney Olympic FC.	Howard Fondyke	Sydney Olympic FC
member of sports team	Eric Upton (born April 29, 1953 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman with the Canadian Football League's Edmonton Eskimos.	Eric Upton	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	On February 16, 2011 Avon Cobourne signed as a free agent with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Avon Cobourne	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Milovan Minja Prelević (born 28 February 1970) is Montenegrin football coach and a former football player who is currently the head coach of Al-Oruba SC from Oman.	Milovan Minja Prelević	Al-Oruba SC
member of sports team	Božidar Jelovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Божидар Јеловац ; born 3 October 1987 in Karlovac) is a Serbian football forward who currently plays for GBFC Thunder and during the winterbreak with Syracuse Silver Knights.	Božidar Jelovac	Syracuse Silver Knights
member of sports team	Saleh Abdulhameed (born August 4, 1982) is a Bahraini footballer who plays as a defender for Al-Najma.	Saleh Abdulhameed	Al-Najma
member of sports team	Dave Fennell (born February 4, 1952) is a former defensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Dave Fennell	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Chiara Marchitelli is an Italian football goalkeeper, currently playing for ACF Brescia Femminile in Serie A. She has won two leagues with SS Lazio and ASD Fiammamonza.	Chiara Marchitelli	ACF Brescia Femminile
member of sports team	Guy Morton, Sr. (June 1, 1893 -- October 18, 1934), nicknamed ``Moose'', was a Major League baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians.	Guy Morton	Cleveland Indians
member of sports team	Karol Linetty (born 2 February 1995) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań.	Karol Linetty	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Cho Yong-tae (Korean: 조용태; born 31 March 1986) is a South Korean football player who played as a forward for Gwangju FC in the K League Challenge.	Cho Yong-tae	Gwangju FC
member of sports team	Dieudonné Kalulika (born October 1, 1981) is a Congolese football player who, last plays for C.S. Visé.	Dieudonné Kalulika	C.S. Visé
member of sports team	Simão Mate Junior (born 23 July 1988) is a Mozambican football player who plays for Spanish club Levante UD as a defensive midfielder.	Simão Mate Junior	Levante UD
member of sports team	Sergio Juste Marín (born 12 January 1992), also known as Chechi, is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona B. Mainly a central defender, he can also play as a right back.	Sergio Juste	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Lamine Diarra (born 20 December 1983) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Göztepe, on loan from Antalyaspor.	Lamine Diarra	Antalyaspor
member of sports team	Jacques Plein (born 17 February 1987) is a Luxembourgian footballer, who currently plays for FC Etzella Ettelbruck in Luxembourg's domestic National Division.	Jacques Plein	FC Etzella Ettelbruck
member of sports team	Roger de Oliveira Bernardo (born 10 August 1985), commonly known as Roger, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for German club FC Ingolstadt 04, as a midfielder.	Roger de Oliveira Bernardo	FC Ingolstadt 04
member of sports team	Dedé Anderson de Oliveira Gomes is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a forward for Bulgarian club Litex, Swedish clubs Hammarby IF and Kalmar FF, and Norwegian club Aalesund.	Dedé Anderson	Kalmar FF
member of sports team	Ingeborg Hovland (born October 3, 1969) is a former Norwegian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Klepp IL of the Toppserien.	Ingeborg Hovland	Klepp IL
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Carcedo Mardones (born 19 August 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current assistant manager of Sevilla FC.	Juan Carlos Carcedo	Sevilla FC
member of sports team	Sam Bavin (born 31 July 1980) is a former Australian ice hockey who played for the Perth Thunder in the Australian Ice Hockey League during the 2012 season and represented Australia at the 2003 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships.	Sam Bavin	Perth Thunder
member of sports team	Jürgen Roelandts (born 2 July 1985) is a Belgian road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam team Lotto-Soudal.	Jürgen Roelandts	Lotto-Soudal
member of sports team	Major Wright (born July 1, 1988) is an American football safety who currently plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Major Wright	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	In 2013, Lianne Sanderson signed with Boston Breakers to play in the new National Women's Soccer League.	Lianne Sanderson	Boston Breakers
member of sports team	Harry Schellekens (born 5 November 1952 in Boxtel, North Brabant) is a former association football goalkeeper, who played for NEC Nijmegen, FC Groningen and Vitesse Arnhem.	Harry Schellekens	FC Groningen	Vitesse
member of sports team	Kim Sin-cheol (Hangul: 김신철; born 29 November 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge.	Kim Sin-cheol	Bucheon FC 1995
member of sports team	Harry Boyles (November 29, 1911 -- January 7, 2005) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in eleven games for the Chicago White Sox over parts of the 1938-39 seasons.	Harry Boyles	Chicago White Sox
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet Thomas Maitland, 11th Earl of Lauderdale, GCB (3 February 1803 -- 1 September 1878) was a Royal Navy officer and peer.	Thomas Maitland, 11th Earl of Lauderdale	Royal Navy
military branch	Samuel McAllister (January 23, 1869 -- December 13, 1903) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Boxer Rebellion.	Samuel McAllister	United States Navy
military branch	George Charrette (June 6, 1867 -- February 7, 1938) was an enlisted man and later officer in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the Spanish--	George Charrette	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Latham Valentine Stewart Blacker OBE (1887--1964) was a British Army officer and inventor of weapons.	Stewart Blacker	British Army
military branch	Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC) is a Major Command (MAJCOM) of the United States Air Force, headquartered at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana.	Air Force Global Strike Command	United States Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir John Tremayne Rodd, KCB (c. 1769 -- 4 October 1838) was an officer of the Royal Navy noted for his services during the Napoleonic Wars.	John Tremayne Rodd	Royal Navy
military branch	The 12th (Eastern) Division was an infantry division raised by the British Army during the Great War from men volunteering for Kitchener's New Armies.	12th (Eastern) Division	British Army
military branch	Major General Sir Reginald Laurence Scoones KBE, CB, DSO (18 December 1900 -- October 1991) was a British Army officer who served during the Second World War and its aftermath.	Reginald Laurence Scoones	British Army
military branch	Captain Simmon Latutin GC (25 July 1916 -- 30 December 1944) was a British Army officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross, the highest British (and Commonwealth) award for bravery out of combat.	Simmon Latutin	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Tahseen Ullah Khan is a Pakistan Navy's naval officer and the current director-general of Maritime Security Agencys.	Tahseen Ullah Khan	Pakistan Navy
military branch	Captain Sir James Brisbane, CB (1774 -- 19 December 1826) was a British Royal Navy officer of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	James Brisbane	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General George Erroll Prior-Palmer, CB, DSO (20 February 1903--18 August 1977) was a senior British Army officer and business man of Anglo-Irish origins.	George Erroll Prior-Palmer	British Army
military branch	Ronald Cartland achieved the rank of Major in the British Army.	Ronald Cartland	British Army
military branch	The Guards Armoured Division was an armoured division of the British Army during the Second World War.	Guards Armoured Division	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Benjamin Bloomfield, 1st Baron Bloomfield GCB GCH (13 April 1768 -- 15 August 1846) a British Army officer who saw action at the Battle of Vinegar Hill in June 1798 during the Irish Rebellion.	Benjamin Bloomfield, 1st Baron Bloomfield	British Army
military branch	San Dewayne Francisco, Major, USAF (born 1944) is an officer in the United States Air Force who is missing in action (MIA) from the Vietnam War.	San Dewayne Francisco	United States Air Force
military branch	The Royal Naval Reserve (RNR) is the volunteer reserve force of the Royal Navy in the United Kingdom.	Royal Naval Reserve	Royal Navy
military branch	Richard Delafield (September 1, 1798 -- November 5, 1873) served as superintendent of the United States Military Academy, was Chief of Engineers, and was a major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Richard Delafield	Union Army
military branch	The Denbighshire Hussars was a unit of the British Army from 1794 to 1921.	Denbighshire Hussars	British Army
military branch	The Northamptonshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 until 1960.	Northamptonshire Regiment	British Army
military branch	Philip Beaver (28 February 1766 -- 5 April 1813) was an officer of the Royal Navy, serving during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries.	Philip Beaver	Royal Navy
military branch	Air Vice-Marshal Roy Scoggins CB CBE, QHDS, LDSRCS, (13 March 1908 -- 19 January 1970) was a Royal Air Force officer and English cricketer.	Roy Scoggins	Royal Air Force
military branch	General Sir Samuel Burdon Ellis (1787 -- 10 March 1865) was a British Royal Marines officer.	Samuel Burdon Ellis	Royal Marines
military branch	Trevor Foster was a Sergeant Physical Training Instructor in the British Army during World War II.	Trevor Foster	British Army
military branch	General George Warde (24 November 1725 -- 11 March 1803) was a British Army officer.	George Warde	British Army
military branch	Winnie Gibson was the second director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps, serving in that position from 1950 to 1954.	Winnie Gibson	United States Navy
military branch	Rear Admiral Presley Marion Rixey (14 July 1852, Culpeper, Virginia -- 17 June 1928) was a Surgeon General of the United States Navy (1902--10) and personal physician to Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt.	Presley Marion Rixey	United States Navy
military branch	The Royal Dublin Fusiliers was an Irish infantry Regiment of the British Army created in 1881, one of eight Irish regiments raised and garrisoned in Ireland, with its home depot in Naas.	Royal Dublin Fusiliers	British Army
military branch	Major General Charles Trelawny (1653 -- 24 September 1731) was a British Army officer of Cornish descent, the fourth son of Sir Jonathan Trelawny, 2nd Baronet.	Charles Trelawny	British Army
military branch	Gilbert T. Rude (1881--1962) was an officer in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey--one of the ancestor organizations of the United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) -- and the United States Navy.	Gilbert T. Rude	United States Navy
military branch	Gillis Pieter de Neve (Bergen-op-Zoom, 30 December 1823 - Leiden, 19 September 1883) was a Dutch Lieutenant General, commander of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army and knight and officer in the Military William Order.	Gillis Pieter de Neve	Royal Netherlands East Indies Army
military branch	The 21st Army Tank Brigade was an armoured brigade formation of the British Army active during World War II. The brigade served with the British First Army and the British Eighth Army during the fighting in Tunisia and Italy.	21st Army Tank Brigade	British Army
military branch	Rear-Admiral John Talbot Savignac Hall, CIE (30 November 1896 -- 21 January 1964) was a Royal Navy officer who became the first post-Independence Commander-in-Chief and Chief of Naval Staff of the Royal Indian Navy.	John Talbot Savignac Hall	Royal Navy	Royal Indian Navy
military branch	Group Captain Alan John Lance Scott CB MC AFC (29 June 1883 -- 16 January 1922) was an officer in the Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force during World War I and the following years.	Alan John Lance Scott	Royal Air Force
military branch	Henry C. Nields (18 March 1838 -- 13 December 1880) Was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania (E. Bradford) and was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.	Henry C. Nields	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Maurice Swynfen Fitzmaurice CB, KCVO, CMG, (12 August 1870 -- 23 January 1927) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who rose to the rank of vice-admiral.	Maurice Swynfen Fitzmaurice	Royal Navy
military branch	Air-Commodore Edye Rolleston Manning CBE DSO MC (14 February 1889 -- 26 April 1957) was an Australian born senior officer in the Royal Air Force.	Edye Rolleston Manning	Royal Air Force
military branch	Walter Edward Whitehead, CBE (20 May 1908 -- 16 April 1978) was a British Royal Navy officer, a veteran of the South Pacific campaign, better known as the advertising representative of Schweppes Tonic Water.	Edward Whitehead	Royal Navy
military branch	Norton C. Joerg is a lawyer and retired Rear Admiral in the United States Navy.	Norton C. Joerg	United States Navy
military branch	Rear Admiral Sir Francis Augustus Collier, CB, KCH (c. 1783 -- 28 October 1849) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the early nineteenth century.	Francis Augustus Collier	Royal Navy
military branch	Clarence Crase Thomas (December 26, 1886 -- January 28, 1917) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I. Thomas became the first U.S. naval officer to die in the war, after his ship was torpedoed by a German submarine.	Clarence Crase Thomas	United States Navy
military branch	The 51st (Highland) Division was an infantry division of the British Army that fought on the Western Front in France during the Great War from 1915 to 1918.	51st (Highland) Division	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir George Hamilton D'Oyly Lyon, KCB (3 October 1883 -- 19 August 1947) was a distinguished Royal Navy officer as well as an English sportsman who played first-class cricket and represented the England national rugby union team.	George Hamilton D'Oyly Lyon	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant Commander Anthony A. Mitchell (August 26, 1918 -- January 20, 2009), born Antonio Alberto Miceli, was an American clarinetist, composer and conductor who led the United States Navy Band from 1962 until his retirement from the Navy in 1968.	Anthony A. Mitchell	United States Navy
military branch	George Fleming Davis (March 23, 1911 -- January 6, 1945) was a United States Navy officer and a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for actions during World War II.	George Fleming Davis	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Richard Vesey Hamilton, GCB (28 May 1829 -- 17 September 1912) was a Royal Navy officer.	Richard Vesey Hamilton	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant Colonel Olga E. Custodio (born 1954) is a former United States Air Force officer who made history when she became the first female Hispanic U.S. military pilot.	Olga E. Custodio	United States Air Force
military branch	The 3rd Battalion, 9th Marines (3/9) is an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps.	3rd Battalion, 9th Marines	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Admiral Alexander Wilmot Schomberg (24 February 1774 -- 13 January 1850) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Alexander Wilmot Schomberg	Royal Navy
military branch	Major General John Harvey Stevens was a career officer in the Royal Marines.	John Harvey Stevens	Royal Marines
military branch	Vernon A. Walters (January 3, 1917 -- February 10, 2002) was a United States Army officer and a diplomat.	Vernon A. Walters	United States Army
military branch	General Thomas R. Morgan (born January 6, 1930) served as the Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from June, 1986 until he retired on July 1, 1988 after completion of more than 36 years of active service.	Thomas R. Morgan	United States Marine Corps
military branch	The West Yorkshire Regiment (Prince of Wales's Own) (14th Foot) was an infantry regiment of the British Army.	West Yorkshire Regiment	British Army
military branch	Aaron Anderson or Sanderson (1811 -- January 9, 1886) a Union Navy sailor during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Aaron Anderson	Union Navy
military branch	Major General Spencer Edmund Hollond CB, CMG, DSO (19 March 1874 -- 5 February 1950) was a British Army staff officer during the First World War.	Spencer Edmund Hollond	British Army
military branch	Sergeant Lee Clegg is a British Army soldier who was convicted of murder for his involvement in the shooting dead of two teenage joyriders in West Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Lee Clegg	British Army
military branch	General Raheel Sharif (Urdu: راحیل شریف; born 16 June 1956), NI(M), HI(M), is a four-star rank army general, currently serving as 15th Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army, since 2013.	Raheel Sharif	Pakistan Army
military branch	George Stephen Morrison (January 7, 1919 -- November 17, 2008) was a United States Navy rear admiral (upper half) and naval aviator.	George Stephen Morrison	United States Navy
military branch	Major-General Walter Tuckfield Goldsworthy (8 May 1837 -- 13 October 1911) was a British Army officer and a Conservative Party politician.	Walter Tuckfield Goldsworthy	British Army
military branch	William C. Arthur (4 July 1830 -- 15 November 1886) was a Royal Navy officer who was the namesake of the English name for Lüshunkou, Port Arthur, which changed hands between China, Imperial Russia, Japan, and the Soviet Union between 1894 and 1945.	William C. Arthur	Royal Navy
military branch	The 31st (Huntingdonshire) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed in 1702 and amalgamated into The East Surrey Regiment in 1881.	31st (Huntingdonshire) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Johannes Rouning (or Ronning) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Johannes Rouning	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir Frederick Alfred Pile, 2nd Baronet GCB DSO MC (14 September 1884 -- 14 November 1976) was a British Army officer who served in both World Wars.	Frederick Alfred Pile	British Army
military branch	Brigadier General Thomas V. Draude (born April 25, 1940) is a retired officer of the United States Marine Corps.	Thomas V. Draude	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Admiral Sir John Louis, 2nd Baronet (1785 -- 31 March 1863) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	Sir John Louis, 2nd Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	The 3rd Mounted Division was a Yeomanry Division of the British Army active during World War I. It was formed on 6 March 1915 as the 2/2nd Mounted Division, a replacement/depot formation for the 2nd Mounted Division which was being sent abroad on active service.	3rd Mounted Division	British Army
military branch	Commander Frank Noel Stagg, RN, (25 December 1884 in Tonbridge, Kent--25 October 1956 in London) was a Royal Navy officer known for his role in Danish and Norwegian resistance movements during the Second World War.	Frank Noel Stagg	Royal Navy
military branch	William Carleton Watts (February 18, 1880--January 5, 1956) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy, who served in the Spanish--	William Carleton Watts	United States Navy
military branch	Stephen Champlin (17 November 1789 -- 20 February 1870) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812.	Stephen Champlin	United States Navy
military branch	The Royal Highland Fusiliers, 2nd Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland (2 SCOTS) was an infantry regiment of the British Army.	Royal Highland Fusiliers	British Army
military branch	Captain Henry Parkyns Hoppner (1795, in London -- 22 December 1833, in Lisbon) was an officer of the Royal Navy, Arctic explorer, and draughtsman/artist.	Henry Parkyns Hoppner	Royal Navy
military branch	Ensign Worth Bagley (April 6, 1874 -- May 11, 1898) was a United States Navy officer during the Spanish--	Worth Bagley	United States Navy
military branch	Rear-Admiral Edward O'Bryen (sometimes O'Brien) (c. 1753 -- 18 December 1808) was a British Royal Navy officer prominent in the late eighteenth century, who is best known for his participation at the Nore Mutiny and the Battle of Camperdown, both in 1797 during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Edward O'Bryen	Royal Navy
military branch	James Luttrell (c. 1751 -- 23 December 1788) was an officer in the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence.	James Luttrell	Royal Navy
military branch	Isaac Townsend (c.1685 -- 21 November 1765) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy and a Member of Parliament.	Isaac Townsend	Royal Navy
military branch	Colonel John Tree is an American CEO in the logistics industry and a Colonel in the United States Air Force Reserve, currently assigned as the Mobilization Augmentee to the Commander of the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Complex, at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma.	John Tree	United States Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant-General Herbert Lumsden, CB, DSO*, MC (8 April 1897--6 January 1945) was a senior British Army officer and the most senior British Army combat casualty of World War II.	Herbert Lumsden	British Army
military branch	F 21 Luleå, Norrbottens flygflottilj, Norrbotten Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 21'', is a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in Luleå in northern Sweden.	F 21 Luleå	Swedish Air Force
military branch	General Sir Collingwood Dickson VC GCB (20 November 1817 -- 28 November 1904) was a British Army officer who was awarded the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Collingwood Dickson	British Army
military branch	Denis Gage Deane-Tanner was the fourth of five children born to Jane O'Brien and British Army Major Kearns Deane-Tanner in what is now Carlow, Ireland.	Denis Gage Deane-Tanner	British Army
military branch	Vice-Admiral William Lukin, later William Lukin Windham (20 September 1768 -- 12 January 1833) was a Royal Navy officer who rose to the rank of Vice Admiral and served with great distinction through the Napoleonic Wars.	William Lukin	Royal Navy
military branch	General Sir Geoffrey Richard Desmond Fitzpatrick GCB GCVO DSO MBE MC (14 December 1912 -- 12 October 2002) was a senior British Army officer who served as commander of the British Army of the Rhine and Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe.	Desmond Fitzpatrick	British Army
military branch	Steven M. Rainey is Lockheed Martin's chief F-22 test pilot and a former United States Air Force officer.	Steven M. Rainey	United States Air Force
military branch	Major General Ronald G. Richard is a retired United States Marine Corps officer who last served as the Commanding General of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune.	Ronald G. Richard	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Flying Officer Raimund Sanders Draper, known as ``Smudge'', was an American volunteer World War II Royal Air Force (RAF) pilot of No. 64 Squadron.	Raimund Sanders Draper	Royal Air Force
military branch	Group Captain Geoffrey Leonard Cheshire, Baron Cheshire VC, OM, DSO & Two Bars, DFC (7 September 1917 -- 31 July 1992) was a highly decorated Royal Air Force (RAF) pilot during the Second World War and later philanthropist.	Leonard Cheshire	Royal Air Force
military branch	The 108th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (The Lancashire Fusiliers) (108 RAC) was an armoured regiment of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps during World War II.	108th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps	British Army
military branch	Henry Clay Drexler (August 7, 1901 -- October 20, 1924) was an Ensign in the United States Navy and a recipient of both the Navy Cross and the Medal of Honor.	Henry Clay Drexler	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir Henry Macleod Leslie Rundle GCB GCMG GCVO DSO (6 January 1856 -- 19 November 1934) was a British Army General during World War I.	Leslie Rundle	British Army
military branch	Sir Robert Laurie, 6th Baronet KCB (25 May 1764 -- 7 January 1848) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Sir Robert Laurie, 6th Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Frances C. Wilson is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general, who served as the 12th President of the National Defense University.	Frances C. Wilson	United States Marine Corps
military branch	The Norrbotten Regiment (Swedish: Norrbottens regemente), designation I 19, is a Swedish Army arctic armoured, light infantry and ranger regiment that traces its origins back to the 19th century.	Norrbotten Regiment	Swedish Army
military branch	John Groff (February 14, 1890 -- October 2, 1990) was a Brigadier General in the United States Marine Corps whose military career spanned from 1912 to 1946.	John Groff	United States Marine Corps
mother	Bernard Alane (born Bernard Noël Vetel December 25 1948 in Paris) is a French actor and singer, he is the son of actress Annick Alane.	Bernard Alane	Annick Alane
mother	Princess Irmingard of Bavaria (May 29, 1923 -- October 23, 2010) was the daughter of Rupprecht, Crown Prince of Bavaria and his second wife, Princess Antonia of Luxembourg.	Princess Irmingard of Bavaria	Princess Antonia of Luxembourg
mother	Princess Elisabeth of Denmark, RE (Elisabeth Caroline-Mathilde Alexandrine Helena Olga Thyra Feodora Estrid Margrethe Désirée; born 8 May 1935 in Copenhagen) is the daughter of Hereditary Prince Knud and Hereditary Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark, and is a first cousin of the present Danish monarch, Queen Margrethe II.	Princess Elisabeth of Denmark	Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark
mother	Katherine of England (Old English: Katerine; 25 November 1253 -- 3 May 1257) was the fifth child of Henry III and his wife, Eleanor of Provence.	Katherine of England	Eleanor of Provence
mother	Gaston, Prince of Viana, also called Gaston de Foix (1444 -- 23 November 1470), was the son of Gaston IV of Foix and Eleanor of Navarre, and was the heir of both.	Gaston, Prince of Viana	Eleanor of Navarre
mother	Kidada Jones was born in Los Angeles, California, and is the elder daughter of composer/arranger Quincy Jones and actress Peggy Lipton.	Kidada Jones	Peggy Lipton
mother	Catherine of Bohemia (Czech: Kateřina Lucemburská, German: Katharina von Böhmen; 19 August 1342 -- 26 April 1395) was Electress of Brandenburg, the second daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV and Blanche of Valois.	Catherine of Bohemia	Blanche of Valois
mother	A former teacher and English translator, Dalia Inés is the eldest of the five children of singer and actress Flor Silvestre.	Dalia Inés	Flor Silvestre
mother	Arthur Stewart, Duke of Rothesay (20 October 1509, Holyrood Palace -- 14 July 1510, Edinburgh Castle) was the second son of James IV of Scotland and Margaret Tudor, and had he outlived his father, he would have been King of Scotland.	Arthur Stewart, Duke of Rothesay	Margaret Tudor
mother	Because Queen Nimaethap, the wife of Khasekhemwy, the last king of the Second dynasty of Egypt, is mentioned on a jar sealing of Khasekhemwy with the title ``Mother of the King's children'', some writers argue she was Djoser's mother and Khasekhemwy was his father.	Djoser	Nimaethap
mother	The Buddhist statues in the Main Wall of Bingyang South Cave of the Longmen Caves was dedicated by Li Tai to his deceased mother Empress Zhangsun.	Li Tai	Empress Zhangsun
mother	Disney was born at 41338A Jamestown Road close to the rural village of Bluevale, Ontario, Canada, to Irish immigrants Kepple Elias Disney (1832--1891) and Mary Richardson (1838--1909).	Elias Disney	Mary Richardson
mother	Learchus (Greek: Λέαρχος) or Learches is a figure in Greek mythology and was the son of Athamas and Ino as well as the brother of Melicertes.	Learchus	Ino
mother	Andregoto Galíndez (literally Lady Goth, daughter of Galindo, from Basque title andre) was daughter of Count Galindo II Aznárez Count of Aragon from 922, being by his second wife, Sancha Garcés of Pamplona.	Andregoto Galíndez	Sancha Garcés of Pamplona
mother	Magdalene of Brandenburg, also Magdalene and Magdalen, (7 January 1582 -- 4 May 1616) was the daughter of John George, Elector of Brandenburg and his third wife Elisabeth of Anhalt-Zerbst.	Magdalene of Brandenburg	Elisabeth of Anhalt-Zerbst
mother	Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria (7 July 1878 -- 13 March 1960) was a daughter of Archduke Karl Ludwig of Austria and his third wife Infanta Maria Theresa of Portugal.	Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria	Infanta Maria Theresa of Portugal
mother	Isabel Stuart (28 August 1676 -- 2 March 1681) was a daughter of the future King James II of England and his second wife Mary of Modena.	Isabel Stuart	Mary of Modena
mother	Johann Gottfried Bernhard Bach (May 11, 1715 -- May 27, 1739) was the fourth child of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach to reach adulthood.	Johann Gottfried Bernhard Bach	Maria Barbara Bach
mother	Salonia Matidia (4 July 68 CE -- 23 December 119 CE) was the daughter and only child of Ulpia Marciana and wealthy praetor Gaius Salonius Matidius Patruinus.	Salonia Matidia	Ulpia Marciana
mother	Isabella of France (1295 -- 22 August 1358), sometimes described as the She-Wolf of France, was Queen of England as the wife of Edward II. She was the youngest surviving child and only surviving daughter of Philip IV of France and Joan I of Navarre.	Isabella of France	Joan I of Navarre
mother	Gaius Julius Caesar (20 BC -- 21 February AD 4), most commonly known as Gaius Caesar or Caius Caesar, was the oldest son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder.	Gaius Caesar	Julia the Elder
mother	John VIII Palaiologos was the eldest son of Manuel II Palaiologos and Helena Dragaš, the daughter of the Serbian prince Constantine Dragaš.	John VIII Palaiologos	Helena Dragaš
mother	Maximilian, Margrave of Baden (Maximilian Andreas Friedrich Gustav Ernst August Bernhard, born 3 July 1933 at Schloss Salem, Salem, Baden-Württemberg, Germany), is the son of Berthold, Margrave of Baden and Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark.	Maximilian, Margrave of Baden	Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark
mother	Dorothea Elizabeth Irving, Lady Brunner, OBE, JP (14 April 1904 -- 9 January 2003) was a British actress, the daughter of actors H. B. Irving and Dorothea Baird, and the granddaughter of Victorian era stage star Henry Irving.	Elizabeth Irving	Dorothea Baird
mother	Paulus Manutius (Italian: Paolo Manuzio; 1512--1574) was a Venetian printer with a humanist education, the third son of the famous printer Aldus Manutius and his wife Maria Torresano.	Paulus Manutius	Maria Torresano
mother	Randolph Apperson Hearst (December 2, 1915 -- December 18, 2000) was the fourth and last surviving son of William Randolph Hearst and Millicent Hearst.	Randolph Apperson Hearst	Millicent Hearst
mother	James Louis Sobieski (full name in Polish: Jakub Ludwik Henryk Sobieski; 2 November 1667 -- 19 December 1737) was a Polish prince, nobleman, politician, diplomat, scholar, traveller and the son of King John III of Poland and Marie Casimire Louise de La Grange d'Arquien.	James Louis Sobieski	Marie Casimire Louise de La Grange d'Arquien
mother	Princess Eudoxia of Bulgaria (Eudoxia Augusta Philippine Clementine Maria; 5 January 1898 -- 4 October 1985) was the eldest daughter and third child of King Ferdinand of Bulgaria and his first wife Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma.	Princess Eudoxia of Bulgaria	Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma
mother	Sergei Georgievich, 8th Duke of Leuchtenberg (4 July 1890 -- 7 January 1974) was the son of George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg and his second wife Princess Anastasia of Montenegro.	Sergei Georgievich, 8th Duke of Leuchtenberg	Princess Anastasia of Montenegro
mother	George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg, also known as Prince Georgii Romanovsky or Georges de Beauharnais (29 February 1852 -- 16 May 1912) was the youngest son of Maximilian de Beauharnais, 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife, Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia.	George Maximilianovich, 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg	Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia
mother	Lucrezia Borgia (Italian pronunciation: (luˈkrɛttsja ˈbɔrdʒa); Valencian: Lucrècia (luˈkrɛsiə); 18 April 1480 -- 24 June 1519) was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI and Vannozza dei Cattanei.	Lucrezia Borgia	Vannozza dei Cattanei
mother	Sean Lien is the eldest son of Lien Fang Yu and Lien Chan, who served as the Chairman of the Kuomintang party and was the Vice President of Taiwan.	Sean Lien	Lien Fang Yu
mother	Bernard Plantapilosa (22 March 841 -- 886), or Plantevelue, son of Bernard of Septimania and Dhuoda, was the Count of Auvergne (as Bernard II) from 872 to his death.	Bernard Plantapilosa	Dhuoda
mother	Maathorneferure was a daughter of the Hittite king Hattusili III and his wife, Queen Puduhepa.	Maathorneferure	Puduhepa
mother	He was the son of Duke Alexander of Württemberg and Princess Antoinette of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld.	Duke Alexander of Württemberg	Princess Antoinette of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld
mother	Infanta Beatriz of Spain, Princess di Civitella-Cesi (Doña Beatriz de Borbón y Battenberg; 22 June 1909 -- 22 November 2002) was a daughter of King Alfonso XIII of Spain and Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg, wife of Alessandro Torlonia, 5th Prince di Civitella-Cesi.	Infanta Beatriz of Spain	Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg
mouth of the watercourse	Conotton Creek (pronounced kah-NOT-en) is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River, 38.7 miles (62.3 km) long, in eastern Ohio in the United States.	Conotton Creek	Tuscarawas River
mouth of the watercourse	Accokeek Creek is a tidal tributary of Potomac Creek, itself a tributary of the Potomac River, in Stafford County, Virginia, United States.	Accokeek Creek	Potomac Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The Yalgar River is a 185-kilometre-long tributary of the Murchison River, located in the Shire of Meekatharra in central Western Australia.	Yalgar River	Murchison River
mouth of the watercourse	After the Wormsgraben is crossed by the Glashütten Way (Glashüttenweg i.e. Glassworks Way) at the Sandgrube, it discharges into the Zillierbach near the forest lodge of Hohne.	Wormsgraben	Zillierbach
mouth of the watercourse	The Wölpe is a left tributary of the river Aller in the German state of Lower Saxony and is about 22 km long.	Wölpe	Aller
mouth of the watercourse	Cabriel (Spanish: (kaˈβɾjel)) or Cabriol (Valencian: (kaβɾiˈɔɫ)) is a tributary of Júcar River.	Cabriel	Júcar
mouth of the watercourse	The river Brend is a right-bank tributary of the Fränkische Saale (Franconian Saale), in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Brend	Franconian Saale
mouth of the watercourse	The Cenepa River currently rises in the Cordillera del Cóndor mountain range in Peru, South America and has a length of 185 km. The Cenepa flows into the Marañón River at Orellana.	Cenepa River	Marañón River
mouth of the watercourse	Salzersgraben is a tributary of the Erlenbach river in Bavaria, Germany.	Salzersgraben	Erlenbach
mouth of the watercourse	The Dease River flows through northwestern British Columbia, Canada and is a tributary of the Liard River.	Dease River	Liard River
mouth of the watercourse	Fojnička rijeka is a left tributary of the Bosna in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fojnička rijeka	Bosna
mouth of the watercourse	The Boyer River is a tributary of the Missouri River, 118 miles (190 km) long, in western Iowa in the United States.	Boyer River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kuolajoki River originates in the Lake Kuolajarvi in Russia and flows into the Tenniöjoki River in Finland.	Kuolajoki	Tenniöjoki
mouth of the watercourse	Then the Dischmabach flows in a northwesterly direction through the elongated and gently sloping Dischma valley and flows into the Landwasser between Davos Dorf and Davos Platz.	Dischmabach	Landwasser
mouth of the watercourse	The Firehole River is located in northwestern Wyoming, and is one of the two major tributaries of the Madison River.	Firehole River	Madison River
mouth of the watercourse	The Hoback River, also called the Fall River, is an approximately 55-mile (89 km)-long tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Hoback River	Snake River
mouth of the watercourse	The Purnach River is a tributary to the Ponoy River on the Kola Peninsula, Russia.	Purnach River	Ponoy River
mouth of the watercourse	Oslava is a river in the Czech Republic, the left tributary of the Jihlava River.	Oslava	Jihlava
mouth of the watercourse	The McArthur River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria at Port McArthur, opposite the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands.	McArthur River	Gulf of Carpentaria
mouth of the watercourse	Weeks Creek is a small creek tributary to La Honda Creek, which in turn is tributary to San Gregorio Creek in western San Mateo County, California.	Weeks Creek	La Honda Creek
mouth of the watercourse	Aubette de Meulan is a French river that begins at Avernes in Val-d'Oise, flows through Vigny, and empties into the Seine in Meulan-en-Yvelines.	Aubette de Meulan	Seine
mouth of the watercourse	The Dysna (Belarusian: Дзісна Dzisna; Russian: Дисна Disna) is a river that flows through Lithuania and Belarus into the Daugava River near the town of Dzisna.	Dysna	Daugava River
mouth of the watercourse	The Genil River is the main (left) tributary of the river Guadalquivir in Andalusia, Spain.	Genil	Guadalquivir
mouth of the watercourse	The Moruya River flows generally east, joined by two minor tributaries, past the town of Moruya, before reaching its mouth of the Tasman Sea at Moruya Heads.	Moruya River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	After 62 km, the Pascua River ends in a wide delta that empties into the Baker Channel, previously having rushed in a last area of rapids.	Pascua River	Baker Channel
mouth of the watercourse	The Boone River is a tributary of the Des Moines River in north-central Iowa in the United States.	Boone River	Des Moines River
mouth of the watercourse	Formed from the confluence of the Horse Creek and Teatree Creek, the Wang Wauk River rises on the slopes of the Meyers Range within Wang Wauk State Forest, and flows generally north and then east, joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Coolongolook River, southwest of Nabiac.	Wang Wauk River	Coolongolook River
mouth of the watercourse	Moody Brook is a small watercourse that flows into Stanley Harbour on East Falkland, Falkland Islands.	Moody Brook	Stanley Harbour
mouth of the watercourse	The Mushawe River (alternative spelling Mushawi River) is a right-bank tributary of the Mwenezi River in Zimbabwe.	Mushawe	Mwenezi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Black Kei River, (Afrikaans: Swart-Keirivier), originates southwest of Queenstown, and eventually joins the White Kei River, to become the Great Kei River.	Black Kei River	Great Kei River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tuscarawas River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River, 129.9 miles (209 km) long, in northeastern Ohio in the United States.	Tuscarawas River	Muskingum River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sierra Leone River is a river estuary on the Atlantic Ocean in Western Sierra Leone.	Sierra Leone River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Bouès, is a right tributary of the Arros, at the eastern end of the basin of the Adour, in the Southwest of France.	Bouès	Arros
mouth of the watercourse	The Ounasjoki River (Northern Sami: Ovnnesjohka) is the Kemijoki River's largest tributary and is Finland's longest single river tributary.	Ounasjoki	Kemijoki
mouth of the watercourse	Pyakupur River (Russian: Пякупур) is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, the left tributary of the Pur River.	Pyakupur River	Pur River
named after	In mathematical analysis, Lipschitz continuity, named after Rudolf Lipschitz, is a strong form of uniform continuity for functions.	Lipschitz continuity	Rudolf Lipschitz
named after	The Turing test is a test, developed by Alan Turing in 1950, of a machine's ability to exhibit intelligent behavior equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a human.	Turing test	Alan Turing
named after	A Riemann problem, named after Bernhard Riemann, consists of an initial value problem composed of a conservation equation together with piecewise constant data having a single discontinuity.	Riemann problem	Bernhard Riemann
named after	Sequent calculus is, in essence, a style of formal logical argumentation where every line of a proof is a conditional tautology (called a sequent by Gerhard Gentzen) instead of an unconditional tautology.	Sequent calculus	Gerhard Gentzen
named after	The Lincoln Highway was America's first national memorial to President Abraham Lincoln, predating the 1922 dedication of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C., by nine years.	Lincoln Highway	Abraham Lincoln
named after	Am Schöpfwerk Church (German: Kirche Am Schöpfwerk) is a Roman Catholic parish church, dedicated to Saint Francis of Assisi, and is the most recently built church in Meidling, the 12th district of Vienna, Austria.	Am Schöpfwerk Church	Francis of Assisi
named after	The theories forming the basis of Keynesian economics were first presented by the British economist John Maynard Keynes in his book, The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money, published in 1936, during the Great Depression.	Keynesian economics	John Maynard Keynes
named after	The Gallo-Romans faced raids and migration from the Germanic Franks, who dominated the region for hundreds of years, eventually creating the medieval Kingdom of France.	France	Franks
named after	The original Perkins Brailler was produced in 1951 by David Abraham (1896--1978), a woodworking teacher at the Perkins School for the Blind.	Perkins Brailler	Perkins School for the Blind
named after	In mathematics, an Erdős cardinal, also called a partition cardinal is a certain kind of large cardinal number introduced by Paul Erdős and András Hajnal (1958).	Erdős cardinal	Paul Erdős
named after	The Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award (German: Felix-Ermacora-Menschenrechtspreis) is an Austrian human rights award.	Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award	Felix-Ermacora
named after	The name Surhuisterveen refers to the time of the peat-colonies, and means ``the peat-bogs of Surhuizum''.	Surhuisterveen	Surhuizum
named after	The Kidman Way draws its history from the stock routes that linked cattle stations in the region, many of which were owned by Sir Sidney Kidman, an Australian pastoralist and philanthropist.	Kidman Way	Sidney Kidman
named after	The Sriburapha Award is a Thai award, established in 1988 in honor of Kulap Saipradit, whose pen name was Sriburapha (Thai: ศรีบูรพา).	Sriburapha Award	Kulap Saipradit
named after	The 3M Company, formerly known as the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company (1902--2002), is an American multinational conglomerate corporation based in Maplewood, Minnesota, a suburb of St. Paul.	3M	Minnesota
named after	In mathematics, Marden's theorem, named after Morris Marden but proven much earlier by Jörg Siebeck, gives a geometric relationship between the zeroes of a third-degree polynomial with complex coefficients and the zeroes of its derivative.	Marden's theorem	Morris Marden
named after	The Randolph Caldecott Medal annually recognizes the preceding year's ``most distinguished American picture book for children'', beginning with 1937 publications.	Caldecott Medal	Randolph Caldecott
named after	The Grüne Post was a secondary trainer glider designed by Alexander Lippisch at the request of a German newspaper, the Grüne Post (English: Green Post), who distributed plans.	Grüne Post	Green Post
named after	The mathematical concept of a Hilbert space, named after David Hilbert, generalizes the notion of Euclidean space.	Hilbert space	David Hilbert
named after	Langite was discovered in 1864 and named after the physicist and crystallographer Viktor von Lang (1838--1921), who was Professor of Physics at the University of Vienna, Austria.	Langite	Viktor von Lang
named after	Stillwaterite was first discovered in the Banded and Upper zones of the Stillwater igneous complex in Montana, USA, and has been reported in the Lac-des-Iles area of Ontario, Canada.	Stillwaterite	Stillwater igneous complex
named after	The Hilbert symbol was introduced by David Hilbert (1897, sections 64, 131, 1998, English translation) in his Zahlbericht, with the slight difference that he defined it for elements of global fields rather than for the larger local fields.	Hilbert symbol	David Hilbert
named after	In mathematics, a Cauchy matrix, named after Augustin Louis Cauchy, is an m×n matrix with elements aij in the form	Cauchy matrix	Augustin Louis Cauchy
named after	Frieschepalen (West Frisian: Fryske Peallen) is a village with around 990 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Frieschepalen	Friesland
named after	The Boyd Gang was a notorious criminal gang based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, named for member Edwin Alonzo Boyd.	Boyd Gang	Edwin Alonzo Boyd
named after	The University of Florida Health Science Center (HSC), also known as the J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center, is the medical division of the University of Florida.	University of Florida Health Science Center	J. Hillis Miller
named after	Tarski's undefinability theorem, stated and proved by Alfred Tarski in 1936, is an important limitative result in mathematical logic, the foundations of mathematics, and in formal semantics.	Tarski's undefinability theorem	Alfred Tarski
named after	Bézier curves were widely publicized in 1962 by the French engineer Pierre Bézier, who used them to design automobile bodies at Renault.	Bézier curve	Pierre Bézier
named after	Because Drygalski Island was thought to be ``Drygalski's High Land'', charted by Professor Erich von Drygalski of the German Antarctic Expedition (1901-1903) in 1902, Drygalski's name was given by Sir Douglas Mawson to the island.	Drygalski Island	Erich von Drygalski
named after	Thomas (then Michael) Bushnell As both hurd and hird are homophones of the English word herd, the full name GNU Hurd is also a play on the words herd of gnus, reflecting how the kernel works.	GNU Hurd	herd
named after	Steffensen's inequality is an equation in mathematics named after Johan Frederik Steffensen.	Steffensen's inequality	Johan Frederik Steffensen
named after	Faience or faïence (/faɪˈɑːns/ or /feɪ-/; French: (fajɑ̃s)) is the conventional name in English for fine tin-glazed pottery on a delicate pale buff earthenware body, originally associated by French speakers with wares exported from Faenza in northern Italy.	Faience	Faenza
named after	The Sturtian glaciation is named after the Sturt River Gorge (Near Bellevue Heights, South Australia).	Sturtian glaciation	Sturt River Gorge
named after	In control theory and stability theory, the Nyquist stability criterion, discovered by Swedish-American electrical engineer Harry Nyquist at Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1932, is a graphical technique for determining the stability of a dynamical system.	Nyquist stability criterion	Harry Nyquist
named after	In geometry, Plücker coordinates, introduced by Julius Plücker in the 19th century, are a way to assign six homogeneous coordinates to each line in projective 3-space, P3.	Plücker coordinates	Julius Plücker
narrative location	Our Day is a silent documentary short directed by Wallace Kelly in 1938, about a day in the life of the Kelly family in Lebanon, Kentucky.	Our Day	Kentucky
narrative location	Jandamarra's War is a 2011 Australian drama style documentary that tells the story of Jandamarra, a famous Aboriginal Australian warrior of the Bunuba people from Western Australia.	Jandamarra's War	Australia
narrative location	Death to Smoochy was filmed in Toronto and Hamilton, Ontario, along with New York City.	Death to Smoochy	New York City
narrative location	The Bodyguard from Beijing (simplified Chinese: 中南海保镖; traditional Chinese: 中南海保鑣 released in the United States as The Defender) is a 1994 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen, and produced by and starring Jet Li.	The Bodyguard from Beijing	Hong Kong
narrative location	On the Outs is a 2004 drama film chronicling three young women in Jersey City, New Jersey and the decisions they make in the period of a couple weeks.	On the Outs	New Jersey
narrative location	Letter to Brezhnev is a 1985 British romantic comedy film about working class life in contemporary Liverpool.	Letter to Brezhnev	Liverpool
narrative location	Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman is an American Western drama series created by Beth Sullivan and starring Jane Seymour who plays Dr. Michaela ``Mike'' Quinn, a physician who leaves Boston in search of adventure in the Old American West and who settles in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman	Colorado
narrative location	Roller Skates opens with the narrator remembering back to a special year in the 1890s, when young Lucinda Wyman arrives at the Misses Peters' home in New York City; the two ladies will care for her during the year of Lucinda's parents' trip to Italy.	Roller Skates	New York City
narrative location	The Dervish House is a near-future science fiction tale that follows a number of characters after a bus bombing incident in Istanbul during a week-long heatwave in April 2027.	The Dervish House	Istanbul
narrative location	The More the Merrier is a 1943 American comedy film made by Columbia Pictures which makes fun of the housing shortage during World War II, especially in Washington, D.C. The picture stars Jean Arthur, Joel McCrea and Charles Coburn.	The More the Merrier	Washington, D.C.
narrative location	Knives in the Night (ISBN 0-8041-0001-2) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.	Knives in the Night	Vietnam
narrative location	In Japan and Europe, this game was released as Scud Race (Scud meaning ``Sports Car Ultimate Drive'').	Scud Race	Japan
narrative location	Let the Great World Spin is a novel by Colum McCann set in New York City in the United States.	Let the Great World Spin	New York City
narrative location	The Given Day is a novel by Dennis Lehane published in September 2008; it is about the early twentieth-century period and set in Boston, Massachusetts, where its actions include the 1919 police strike, and Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the thriving Greenwood District was known as the ``Black Wall Street''.	The Given Day	Boston
narrative location	I Saw the Sun (Turkish: Güneşi Gördüm) is a 2009 Turkish drama film, written and directed by Mahsun Kırmızıgül, which tells of a Kurdish family who are forced from their village in southeastern Turkey by the conflict there.	I Saw the Sun	Turkey
narrative location	Trenc's original book, The Night at the Museum, is a picture story book for children about Hector, a night watchman at the Museum of Natural History in New York City, New York.	The Night at the Museum	New York City
narrative location	The Spy in Black was filmed at Denham Studios, with location shooting at Northchurch Common in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire and in Orkney, Scotland.	The Spy in Black	Scotland
narrative location	Main Force Assault (ISBN 0-8041-0103-5) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.	Main Force Assault	Vietnam
narrative location	Journey Through the Night (orig. Dutch: Reis door de nacht) is a novel, originally in four volumes (1951--1958), by Dutch author Anne de Vries centering on the impact of the Second World War in the Netherlands on a Christian family.	Journey Through the Night	Netherlands
narrative location	Mary Anerley: a Yorkshire tale is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1880.	Mary Anerley	Yorkshire
narrative location	Don't Touch the White Woman! is a 1974 French-Italian farce, an absurdist Western set in Paris, directed by Marco Ferreri.	Don't Touch the White Woman!	Paris
narrative location	The programme saw Julie Webb and David Drummond play Abigail and Roger, an engaged couple living in London bedsits.	Abigail and Roger	London
narrative location	Bianca e Falliero is a tale of emotional excess and bitter strife within war-threatened Venice.	Bianca e Falliero	Venice
narrative location	Blind Company was shot in Bicheno, Tasmania in September 2008.	Blind Company	Tasmania
narrative location	19th century After its opening performances in Italy in 1830, Anna Bolena was first given in London at the King's Theatre on 8 July 1831.	Anna Bolena	London
narrative location	Blind Detective is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese romantic comedy and crime thriller film directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau and Sammi Cheng.	Blind Detective	Hong Kong
native language	Adolphe-Ernest Fould (17 July 1824 -- 13 February 1875) was a French banker and politician.	Adolphe-Ernest Fould	French
native language	Winfried Nachtwei (born 15 April 1946 in Wulfen) is a German politician and former member of Alliance '90/The Greens in the Bundestag.	Winfried Nachtwei	German
native language	On October 23, 2012, Gary Johnson participated in a third party debate that was aired on C-SPAN, RT America, and Al Jazeera English.	Gary Johnson	English
native language	Emil Schlee (21 October 1922 -- 26 February 2009) was a German historian and politician with the CDU and REP. He was born in Schwerin and died in Schwentinental.	Emil Schlee	German
native language	Sigrid Combüchen (born January 16, 1942) is a Swedish novelist, essayist, literary critic and journalist.	Sigrid Combüchen	Swedish
occupation	Otávio Müller de Sá (born August 6, 1965), most known as Otávio Müller, is a Brazilian actor.	Otávio Müller	actor
occupation	Jelena Janković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Јанковић, pronounced (jɛ̌lɛna jǎːnkɔv̞itɕ), born 28 February 1985) is a Serbian professional tennis player.	Jelena Janković	tennis player
occupation	Charles S. Cary (November 25, 1827 -- August 7, 1906) was a New York lawyer, politician and railroad executive who served as Solicitor of the United States Treasury.	Charles S. Cary	lawyer	politician
occupation	Leon Vitali (born Alfred Leon; born July 26, 1948) is an English actor, best known for his collaborations with film-maker Stanley Kubrick, most notably as Lord Bullingdon in Barry Lyndon.	Leon Vitali	actor
occupation	Virginia Fair Vanderbilt (January 2, 1875 - July 7, 1935) was an American socialite, hotel builder/owner, philanthropist, owner of Fair Stable, a Thoroughbred racehorse operation, and a member of the prominent Vanderbilt family.	Virginia Fair Vanderbilt	socialite
original network	Daddy Di Do Du is a Filipino sitcom produced by M-Zet TV Productions, Inc. that aired on GMA Network every Sunday evenings.	Daddy Di Do Du	GMA Network
original network	Hotel Impossible is a reality television program from Travel Channel in which struggling hotels receive an extensive makeover by veteran hotel operator and hospitality expert Anthony Melchiorri and team.	Hotel Impossible	Travel Channel
original network	House of Style is an MTV show that premiered January 1, 1989, focusing on America's growing fascination with the ``supermodel'' craze.	House of Style	MTV
original network	This Land was a Canadian television series, which aired from 1970 to 1982 on CBC Television.	This Land	CBC Television
original network	Groove High is a musical comedy series that first aired on Disney Channel on November 10, 2012.	Groove High	Disney Channel
original network	Nedjeljom u dva (English: Sunday at Two) is a Croatian television talk show aired every Sunday afternoon at 14:00 CET on HRT 1 and hosted by Aleksandar Stanković.	Nedjeljom u dva	HRT 1
original network	How it Happens is a Canadian science television series which aired on CBC Television in 1973.	How it Happens	CBC Television
original network	Pass Time is an American game show that aired on Speed from 2008 to 2013.	Pass Time	Speed
original network	Caminhos do Coração (English: Paths of the Heart) is a Brazilian telenovela aired on Rede Record.	Caminhos do Coração	Rede Record
original network	Videomatch was a late-night 120-minute Argentine comedy show hosted by Marcelo Tinelli and broadcast on Telefe that debuted in 1989 in the midnight time slot.	Videomatch	Telefe
original network	Ventdelplà was a Catalan TV series that was aired on TV3.	Ventdelplà	TV3
original network	C'mon Midffîld! is one of the most successful comedy series ever broadcast on Welsh channel S4C.	C'mon Midffîld!	S4C
original network	Groomed is a Canadian W Network makeover reality television series produced by Chocolate Box Entertainment that aired Mondays at 10:30 p.m. and Wednesdays at 9 p.m. It is hosted by butler Paul Hogan, who is famous for his appearances on the reality TV series Joe Millionaire.	Groomed	W Network
original network	Bad Ink is an American reality television series that premiered on August 11, 2013, on A&E.	Bad Ink	A&E
original network	College Football Live is a show that airs weekdays on ESPN or ESPN2, and ESPNU.	College Football Live	ESPN
original network	Shibuhara Girls is a MTV Japan/MTV Asia reality mini-series that centers on the lives of a group of young aspiring Japanese women as they seek stardom in the popular pop culture and fashion districts of Tokyo, Japan;	Shibuhara Girls	MTV
original network	The Imogene Coca Show is a half-hour NBC television series starring Imogene Coca in both situation comedy and variety show formats.	The Imogene Coca Show	NBC
original network	How to Build a Better Boy is a Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Paul Hoen and written by Jason Mayland.	How to Build a Better Boy	Disney Channel
original network	The Barris Beat is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1956 to 1957.	The Barris Beat	CBC Television
original network	Wild Arabia is a British nature documentary series, first broadcast on BBC Two and BBC HD from 22 February to 8 March 2013.	Wild Arabia	BBC Two
original network	People in Parties is a Canadian two-part political television special which aired on CBC Television in 1960.	People in Parties	CBC Television
original network	Go Go Gophers is a western/comedy animated series that originally appeared on the Underdog series from 1966 to 1968 before being briefly spun off as a separate series on CBS in 1968 and 1969.	Go Go Gophers	CBS
original network	The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer was a BBC TV sketch show written by and starring double act Vic Reeves & Bob Mortimer.	The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer	BBC
original network	The Snoop Sisters is an American comedy-mystery television show that aired on NBC during the 1973--1974 season.	The Snoop Sisters	NBC
original network	Spyforce was an Australian TV series produced from 1971 to 1973, based upon the adventures of Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II. It was produced by the Nine Network in conjunction with Paramount Pictures.	Spyforce	Nine Network
original network	Shooting Sizemore is an American reality documentary television series that debuted January 7, 2007 on VH1.	Shooting Sizemore	VH1
original network	NASCAR RaceDay (also known as NASCAR RaceDay fueled by Sunoco) is an American pre-race television show on Fox Sports 1 that precedes all NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race broadcasts.	NASCAR RaceDay	Fox Sports 1
original network	Born and Bred is a light-hearted British drama series that aired on BBC One from 2002 to 2005.	Born and Bred	BBC One
original network	Star Singer is an Indian music reality-television competition, broadcast on Asianet and previously sponsored by Idea Cellular.	Star Singer	Asianet
original network	Mike & Molly is an American sitcom created by Mark Roberts which premiered on CBS September 20, 2010.	Mike & Molly	CBS
original network	Alone in the Wild is a 2009 documentary television series commissioned by Channel 4 and produced by Tigress Productions, a UK independent producer.	Alone in the Wild	Channel 4
original network	The Larry Storch Show is an American Comedy/Varitey show that aired live on CBS from July 11, 1953 to September 12, 1953.	The Larry Storch Show	CBS
original network	NewsNight with Aaron Brown was a live international news broadcast, which appeared on the CNN network from 2001 to 2005.	NewsNight with Aaron Brown	CNN
original network	The Half Hour is an American stand-up comedy television series that airs on Comedy Central in the United States.	The Half Hour	Comedy Central
original network	L'Couple (Arabic: لكوبل) is a Moroccan television series, created by Amir Rouani, which originally aired on television channel 2M TV since 2013 during the period of Ramadan.	L'Couple	2M TV
original network	Our Man in... is a British documentary television series series, filmed in 2011 and broadcast on Channel 4 in 2012.	Our Man in...	Channel 4
original network	The Eddy Arnold Show debuted on CBS-TV on July 14, 1952 from New York City as a live 15-minute summer replacement for The Perry Como Show on Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights from 7:45--8 p.m. ET. Arnold's guitarists Hank Garland and Roy Wiggins (steel guitar) appeared.	The Eddy Arnold Show	CBS
original network	Galaxy High is an American-Japanese science fiction animated series that premiered on September 13, 1986 on CBS and ran for 13 episodes until December 6, 1986.	Galaxy High	CBS
original network	Converging Lines is a Canadian two-part television documentary which aired on CBC Television in 1977.	Converging Lines	CBC Television
original network	O Canto da Sereia (English: Siren's Song) is a Brazilian miniseries produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 2013.	O Canto da Sereia	Rede Globo
original network	Cousin Skeeter is an American children's television show, which ran on Nickelodeon from 1998 to 2001.	Cousin Skeeter	Nickelodeon
original network	Commander USA's Groovie Movies is an American movie showcase series that ran weekend afternoons on the USA Network.	Commander USA's Groovie Movies	USA Network
original network	A special edition of The Hit Man and Her was broadcast as part of the ITV Telethon in 1992.	The Hit Man and Her	ITV
original network	The World in Your Home is an NBC Television TV series which aired from December 22, 1944 to 1948, originally broadcast on WNBT, NBC's New York flagship, then broadcast on NBC-affiliate stations WRGB in New York's Capital District and WPTZ in Philadelphia starting shortly after its premiere.	The World in Your Home	NBC
original network	Poly Tin Kyriaki (Much on Sunday), later known as Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki (Even More on Sunday) is a Greek entertainment show on Mega Channel, hosted by showman Grigoris Arnaoutoglou and Marietta Hroussala and later Kalomoira.	Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki	Mega Channel
original network	Brink! is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie set in the backdrop of aggressive inline skating.	Brink!	Disney Channel
original network	L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC from September 15, 1986 to May 19, 1994.	L.A. Law	NBC
original network	Dave's Old Porn was a comedy show starring Dave Attell that premiered on Showtime on October 20, 2011.	Dave's Old Porn	Showtime
original network	Eerie, Indiana is an American television series that originally aired on NBC from September 15, 1991 to April 12, 1992.	Eerie, Indiana	NBC
original network	Fox News Live is an American news/talk television program, the hard-news daytime programming of the Fox News Channel.	Fox News Live	Fox News Channel
original network	American Hoggers is an American reality television series on A&E that debuted October 19, 2011.	American Hoggers	A&E
original network	Lil' Bush is a satirical, politically themed animated television series which premiered on June 13, 2007 on Comedy Central.	Lil' Bush	Comedy Central
original network	Beat the Brain is a BBC quiz show that has aired on BBC Two since 11 May 2015 and is hosted by John Craven with Josie Lawrence as the voice of ``The Brain''.	Beat the Brain	BBC Two
original network	The Bugaloos is an American children's television series, produced by brothers Sidney Krofft and Martin Krofft, that aired on NBC on Saturday mornings from 1970 to 1972.	The Bugaloos	NBC
original network	Fast N' Loud is a reality styled Discovery Channel TV show featuring Richard Rawlings and Aaron Kaufman from the Dallas, Texas-based Gas Monkey Garage as they search for run-down cars, and with the help of the GMG crew, restore them for profit.	Fast N' Loud	Discovery Channel
original network	Both Bitag and Pinoy US Cops later moved to the People's Television Network, albeit in a producer's cut variety and in broadcast syndication, while the UNTV version continued to air Fridays in a commercial-free tandem with Pinoy US Cops:	Bitag	broadcast syndication
original network	Vatre ivanjske (Midsummer Fires) is a Croatian telenovela produced by RTL Televizija.	Vatre ivanjske	RTL Televizija
original network	As Schools Match Wits, which originally aired on WWLP in Springfield, Massachusetts, is a high school quiz competition that bills itself as ``America's Longest Running High School Television Quiz Show Since 1961''.	As Schools Match Wits	WWLP
original network	The Boy Nexxt Door is a reality television show currently airing on the Playboy TV network.	The Boy Nexxt Door	Playboy TV
original network	On 27 April 2012, it was announced that BBC Two had ordered a second series of comedy chat show The Sarah Millican Television Programme due to start on 15 January 2013.	The Sarah Millican Television Programme	BBC Two
original network	Without Prejudice? is a game show created and produced by 12 Yard that aired in the UK on Channel 4 from 4 January 2003 to 16 April 2004 and ran for 2 series.	Without Prejudice?	Channel 4
original network	Please Sir! is a London Weekend Television situation comedy, created by John Esmonde and Bob Larbey and featuring actors John Alderton, Deryck Guyler, Joan Sanderson, Noel Howlett, Erik Chitty and Richard Davies.	Please Sir!	London Weekend Television
original network	McClain's Law is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC during the 1981-1982 season.	McClain's Law	NBC
original network	The Dick Van Dyke Show is an American television sitcom that initially aired on CBS from October 3, 1961, until June 1, 1966.	The Dick Van Dyke Show	CBS
original network	Allí abajo (English: Down there) is a Spanish television comedy series produced by Plano a Plano for Antena 3.	Allí abajo	Antena 3
original network	The Who, What, or Where Game is an American television game show that was broadcast weekdays on NBC from December 29, 1969 to January 4, 1974.	The Who, What, or Where Game	NBC
original network	Ooops! was a children's TV show made by SMG Productions (now known as STV Productions) for the ITV network children's strand CITV.	Ooops!	ITV
original network	Drugs Live is an occasional British television documentary on Channel 4 about recreational drug use, and clinical trials into its effects, presented by Jon Snow and Dr Christian Jessen.	Drugs Live	Channel 4
original network	Kasshish is an Indian Hindi language drama series which premiered on 20 June 2005 on Zee TV.	Kasshish	Zee TV
original network	Les Bleus de Ramville is a Canadian television series, which premiered on TFO in January 2012.	Les Bleus de Ramville	TFO
original network	La notte della Repubblica (The night of the Republic) is a TV programme presented by Sergio Zavoli, broadcast by the Italian public TV channel Rai 2.	La notte della Repubblica	Rai 2
original network	The Riches (styled as the Ri¢hes in promotional material) is an American television series which was originally broadcast from March 12, 2007, to April 29, 2008, on FX.	The Riches	FX
original network	Chhoona Hai Aasmaan was a Hindi television serial that airs on STAR One from Monday to Thursday at 9:30 PM IST.	Chhoona Hai Aasmaan	STAR One
original network	Elly & Jools is an Australian children's television series that originally aired on the Nine Network in 1990.	Elly & Jools	Nine Network
original network	Sexcetera is an American television series airing on Playboy TV.	Sexcetera	Playboy TV
original network	Tikkabilla is a UK children's television programme, shown on BBC1, BBC2 and on the CBeebies channel.	Tikkabilla	CBeebies
original network	Élodie Bradford is a French television series created by Lionel Bailliu and broadcast since 20 October 2004 on the French television network M6.	Élodie Bradford	M6
original network	News 4 New York is the brand identifier of WNBC-TV in New York City.	News 4 New York	WNBC
original network	Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast, commonly abbreviated Abrams & Bettes, Beyond the Forecast, or A&B, was a weather program produced by The Weather Channel.	Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast	The Weather Channel
original network	Cheat! was a TV show on G4 (formerly G4techTV) that provided cheat codes, strategies, and other hidden features for video games.	Cheat!	G4
original network	Hver gang vi møtes (meaning Every Time We Meet in Norwegian) is a Norwegian reality television show broadcast on the Norwegian TV 2 television station in 2012.	Hver gang vi møtes	TV 2
original network	Dadnapped is a Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered February 16, 2009.	Dadnapped	Disney Channel
original network	Indian Summers is a British drama series that began airing on Channel 4 on 15 February 2015.	Indian Summers	Channel 4
original network	Meu Bem, Meu Mal is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast at 6:00pm by Rede Globo, October 29, 1990 to May 18, 1991, in 173 episodes.	Meu Bem, Meu Mal	Rede Globo
original network	Bluestone 42 was a comedy drama series about a British bomb disposal detachment in Afghanistan during Operation Herrick, first broadcast on 5 March 2013 on BBC Three.	Bluestone 42	BBC Three
original network	Tiger Cruise (released August 6, 2004) is the 54th Disney Channel Original Movie.	Tiger Cruise	Disney Channel
original network	The David Letterman Show is a live morning NBC talk show, hosted by David Letterman.	The David Letterman Show	NBC
original network	Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition is an American dance reality competition series on Lifetime.	Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition	Lifetime
original network	Night Gallery is an American anthology series that aired on NBC from 1970 to 1973, featuring stories of horror and the macabre.	Night Gallery	NBC
original network	Inside the Box is a Canadian game show which debuted in 2006 on the cable network TVtropolis, and was syndicated in the United States by Program Partners in the 2008 television season.	Inside the Box	TVtropolis
original network	Rhoda was filmed Friday evenings in front of a live studio audience at CBS Studio Center, Stage 14 in Studio City, Los Angeles, California.	Rhoda	CBS
original network	Corpo a Corpo is a 1984 Brazilian telenovela, aired on Rede Globo.	Corpo a Corpo	Rede Globo
original network	Comic's Choice is a British comedy chat show hosted by the comedian Bill Bailey, and broadcast on Channel 4.	Comic's Choice	Channel 4
original network	TechLive (formerly known as ZDTV News and TechTV News) was an American live television program that aired from 1998 to 2004 on TechTV, a former television channel that specialized in technology.	TechLive	TechTV
original network	Totally Circus is a 30-minute children's reality series that aired on Disney Channel.	Totally Circus	Disney Channel
original network	Zixx (full title is Zixx: Level One for season one, Zixx: Level Two for season two, and Zixx: Level Three for season three) is a Canadian television series that airs on YTV.	Zixx	YTV
original network	The Kate Smith Show is a half-hour variety program which aired on CBS television from January 25 to July 18, 1960.	The Kate Smith Show	CBS
original network	O Sorriso do Lagarto (The Lizard's Smile) is a Brazilian television series that first aired on Rede Globo in 1991.	O Sorriso do Lagarto	Rede Globo
original network	The Late Late Show with James Corden (also known as Late Late) is an American late-night talk show hosted by James Corden on CBS.	The Late Late Show with James Corden	CBS
original network	Forbidden Science is a Cinemax ``After Dark'' series that premiered in January 2009.	Forbidden Science	Cinemax
original network	Working It Out is an American situation comedy broadcast by NBC as part of its 1990 fall lineup.	Working It Out	NBC
original network	Burgo's Catch Phrase was an Australian game show that ran between 1997 and 2003, produced by Southern Star Group (and later by the joint-venture Endemol Southern Star) for the Nine Network.	Burgo's Catch Phrase	Nine Network
original network	Squawk Australia was a television business news program that aired every weekday at 6:00am Singapore/Hong Kong/Taiwan time on CNBC Asia.	Squawk Australia	CNBC Asia
original network	The Big Break is the Golf Channel's reality television program.	The Big Break	Golf Channel
original network	Deadly Games is an American action science fiction television series that appeared on UPN as part of its 1995 season.	Deadly Games	UPN
original network	The Trials of Rosie O'Neill is an American television drama series, which aired on CBS from 1990 to 1991.	The Trials of Rosie O'Neill	CBS
original network	Tactical to Practical with Hunter Ellis is a program that ran from 2003 to 2005 on The History Channel.	Tactical to Practical	History
original network	MasterChef Colombia is a Colombian competitive cooking reality show that broadcast by RCN TV since January 14, 2015.	MasterChef Colombia	RCN TV
original network	The T.O. Show was an American reality television series that premiered on VH1 on July 20, 2009.	The T.O. Show	VH1
original network	Summer Nude is a 2013 Japanese television series that aired on Fuji Television on Mondays at 21:00 (JST) from July 8 to September 16, 2013.	Summer Nude	Fuji Television
original network	Studio 2 was a daily (weeknights) current affairs newsmagazine on TVOntario in Ontario, Canada.	Studio 2	TVOntario
original network	The Tommy Banks Show is a Canadian variety and talk show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1974.	The Tommy Banks Show	CBC Television
original network	The John Allan Cameron Show was a Canadian television variety series produced by CBC Television in Halifax from 1979 to 1980, with repeat episodes airing until 1982.	The John Allan Cameron Show	CBC Television
original network	Los Donatti is a 1986 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión and distributed internationally by Venevisión International.	Los Donatti	Venevisión
original network	Howie Do It was a Canadian/American comedy television series, co-commissioned by Global and NBC, that stars Howie Mandel.	Howie Do It	NBC
original network	Taradise (also known as Wild On Tara!) is an American reality series hosted by actress Tara Reid that aired on E! from August 10, 2005 to 2006.	Taradise	E
original network	Mi nombre es amor is a 1987 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión and distributed internationally by Venevisión International.	Mi nombre es amor	Venevisión
original network	Sanjay and Craig is an American animated television series produced by Nickelodeon.	Sanjay and Craig	Nickelodeon
original network	The Time, The Place was a British audience participation talk show that was produced by a number of different ITV compaines,and broadcast live on ITV from 1987-1998.	The Time, The Place	ITV
original network	Richard Hammond's 5 O'Clock Show was a television programme shown every weekday on the British channel ITV from 3 January until 10 February 2006.	Richard Hammond's 5 O'Clock Show	ITV
parent taxon	Austrocedrus is a genus of conifer belonging to the cypress family Cupressaceae.	Austrocedrus	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	Wate longinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Wate.	Wate	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Westland petrel (Procellaria westlandica), also known as the Westland black petrel or tāiko, is a rare seabird that nests in New Zealand's forests.	Westland petrel	Procellaria
parent taxon	Liabellum is a genus of Mexican plants in the liabium tribe within the Asteraceae.	Liabellum	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Morobe big-eyed tree frog, Nyctimystes trachydermis, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Morobe big-eyed tree frog	Nyctimystes
performer	Welcome to the Drama Club is an album from rock band Everclear.	Welcome to the Drama Club	Everclear
performer	``Breathe Me'' is a 2004 single by Australian singer Sia Furler featured on the album Colour the Small One.	Breathe Me	Sia Furler
performer	In 1993, Laura Branigan released a cover of the song, retitled ``It's Been Hard Enough Getting Over You'', as the second single from her final studio album Over My Heart.	Hard Enough Getting Over You	Laura Branigan
performer	Top and Bottom Brass is an album by trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in early 1959 and originally released on the Riverside label.	Top and Bottom Brass	Clark Terry
performer	¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta! is the debut studio album by The Stiletto Formal released on October 21, 2008.	¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta!	The Stiletto Formal
place of birth	Patricia Kraus (Spanish pronunciation: (paˈtɾiθja kɾaus); born 4 January 1964, Milan, Italy) is a Spanish singer, best known for her participation in the 1987 Eurovision Song Contest.	Patricia Kraus	Milan
place of birth	Yin Yin (Chinese: 殷茵; born 2 January 1974 in Zhejiang) is the Former China women's national volleyball team Outside Hitter.	Yin Yin	Zhejiang
place of birth	Jean-Claude Magnan (born June 4, 1941 in Aubagne, Bouches-du-Rhône) is a French fencer and olympic champion in foil competition, and medalists in three successive Olympics.	Jean-Claude Magnan	Aubagne
place of birth	Sarah Sze was born in Boston, Massachusetts to a Chinese--	Sarah Sze	Boston
place of birth	Tiziano Fratus (born 1975 in Bergamo) is an Italian poet and publisher.	Tiziano Fratus	Bergamo
place of death	Erica Vaal died on October 17, 2013 in Staatz, Austria, at the age of 86, 7 months before Austria's win in Copenhagen	Erica Vaal	Staatz
place of death	Leonas Bistras (20 October 1890 in Liepāja -- 17 October 1971 in Kaunas) was a Lithuanian politician, journalist, translator, philosopher and professor.	Leonas Bistras	Kaunas
place of death	Anton Srholec (12 June 1929, Skalica -- 7 January 2016, Bratislava) was a Slovak Roman Catholic priest and Salesian.	Anton Srholec	Bratislava
place of death	Ali Akbar Navis (born in Padang Panjang, West Sumatra November 17, 1924 - died in Padang March 22, 2003 at 78 years of age) was a prominent Indonesian author, poet and humorist.	Ali Akbar Navis	Padang
place of death	Oscar Gelbfuhs (November 9, 1852, Šternberk, Moravia -- September 27, 1877, Cieszyn, Austrian Silesia) was a Moravian-Austrian chess master.	Oscar Gelbfuhs	Austrian Silesia
position played on team / speciality	Dawoud Sulaiman Ali Sulaiman Al Kuetei (Arabic: داوود سليمان علي سليمان أل-كويتي‎; born 21 February 1990) is an Emirati professional footballer who plays for Al Ain as a goalkeeper.	Dawoud Sulaiman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Márcio Luis Marques Guimarães or simply Márcio Guerreiro (born March 6, 1981 in Nova Iguaçu), is a Brazilian right-sided midfielder.	Márcio Guerreiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Deon Hotto Kavendji (born 29 October 1990) in Swakopmund, Namibia, is an Namibian international footballer who plays for Lamontville Golden Arrows as a midfielder.	Deon Hotto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Assane Dioussé El Hadji (born 20 September 1997) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Italian Serie A club Empoli.	Assane Dioussé	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dagan Yivzori (Hebrew: דגן יבזורי‎; born October 15, 1985) is an Israeli basketball player, playing at the shooting guard position.	Dagan Yivzori	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	João Vicente da Nova (born 1 April 1907) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.	João Vicente da Nova	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Bird (born 15 November 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Yeovil Town.	Ryan Bird	forward
position played on team / speciality	Richard Soumah (born 6 October 1986) is a Guinean international footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Amiens.	Richard Soumah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Renato Netson Benatti (born 17 October 1981), simply known as Renato, is a Brazilian football who plays as a central defender.	Renato Netson Benatti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Adrián Flores Reyes (born February 12, 1995) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for Coras F.C. on loan from C.D. Guadalajara.	Sergio Adrián Flores	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xenofon Gittas (Greek: Ξενοφών Γήτας) (born 22 June 1979) is a Greek football midfielder who plays for Anagennisi Karditsas.	Xenofon Gittas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kassaly Daouda (born 19 August 1983 in Dosso) is a Nigerien footballer who is a goalkeeper for South African club Chippa United.	Kassaly Daouda	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Manuel Rodríguez Morgade (born 22 June 1984), commonly known as Manu, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo mainly as a left midfielder but also as a left back.	José Manuel Rodríguez Morgade	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simon Peddie (born 8 March 1980) is a Montserratian footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for East Thurrock United of the Isthmian League Premier Division.	Simon Peddie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Renan Carvalho Mota, known as Renan Mota (born 1 October 1991), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Oeste as a forward.	Renan Mota	forward
position played on team / speciality	Airton Ferreira da Silva, best known as Airton Pavilhão (31 October 1934 -- 3 April 2012) was an association football defender.	Airton Pavilhão	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Vladimir Canova Hernández (born 30 September 1992) commonly known as José Canova, is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre back for Universidad San Martín de Porres in the Torneo Descentralizado.	José Canova	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Olabe Aranzábal (born 20 October 1967 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a manager.	Roberto Olabe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hasan Kacić (born 29 July 1976) is a Croatian football defender of Bosnian descent, currently playing for Croatian Third Division side GOŠK Dubrovnik.	Hasan Kacić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ricky Charles (born 16 June 1975) is a footballer (midfielder) from Grenada, who has played for the Grenada national football team.	Ricky Charles	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Bernardo Almirón (born 7 November 1980) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lega Pro side Akragas in Italy.	Sergio Bernardo Almirón	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lotem Zino (Hebrew: לוטם זינו‎; born March 16, 1992), is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Lotem Zino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fangio Buyse (born 27 September 1974) is a Belgian football midfielder and now works as a manager.	Fangio Buyse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jefisley André Caldeira (born May 16, 1980) is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan.	Jefisley André Caldeira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jacopo Fanucchi (born September 18, 1981) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for Prato.	Jacopo Fanucchi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Oğuzhan Türk (born 17 May 1986) is a Dutch footballer of Turkish origin who last played as a midfielder for Turkish Süper Lig club Gaziantepspor.	Oğuzhan Türk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chad Brownlee (born July 12, 1984 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian country music artist and former ice hockey defenceman.	Chad Brownlee	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Trevor Cilia (born 2 January 1983 in Pietà, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Floriana, where he plays as a midfielder.	Trevor Cilia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mirza Jelečak (born 2 March 1983 in Sarajevo) is a retired Bosnian-born Swedish footballer who last played for IK Sirius as a midfielder.	Mirza Jelečak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	John Helt (born December 29, 1959) is a Danish former football (soccer) player in the midfielder position.	John Helt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simon van Zeelst (born 23 February 1994, Hedel) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Simon van Zeelst	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Filip Lončarić (born 17 September 1986) is a Croatian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Tromsø.	Filip Lončarić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lars Melvang (April 3, 1969 in Seattle, United States) is a former Danish football (soccer) defender.	Lars Melvang	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alecsandro Aparecido dos Santos or simply Nino Santos (born 27 September 1984) is a Brazilian professional footballer, who plays as defender for Al Jahra in Kuwaiti Premier League.	Nino Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ramos Saozinho Ribeiro Maxanches (born 12 April 1994), also known as Ramos Maxanches, is a football player who currently plays as goalkeeper for Timor-Leste national football team.	Ramos Maxanches	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Koo Bon-sang (Hangul: 구본상; born 4 October 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ulsan Hyundai in the K League Classic.	Koo Bon-sang	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Axel Smeets (born 12 July 1974 in Brussels, Belgium) is a former football (soccer) and football manager, who played as a defender and could also play as a midfielder.	Axel Smeets	defender
position played on team / speciality	Suada Jashari (born 9 October 1988) is an Albanian football midfielder.	Suada Jashari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rezal Zambery Yahya (born 10 October 1978 in Batu Pahat, Johor) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for NS Matrix F.C..	Rezal Zambery Yahya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Batista (born 26 August 1988), better known as Rafael Chorão, is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Votuporanguense as a midfielder.	Rafael Chorão	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdelilah Fahmi (Arabic: عبدالله فهمي‎) (born 3 August 1973 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan football defender.	Abdelilah Fahmi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Soriano Llido (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbɾuno soˈɾjano ˈʎiðo); born 12 June 1984), known simply as Bruno, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a defensive midfielder.	Bruno Soriano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wellington Agramonte de los Santos (born 22 February 1987) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Antigua and Barbudan club Jennings Grenades FC and the Dominican Republic.	Wellington Agramonte	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stuart McCaffrey (born 30 May 1979 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional football defender, who last played for Scottish club Greenock Morton.	Stuart McCaffrey	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Palop Cervera (born 22 October 1973) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Andrés Palop	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mehmet Topal (born 3 March 1986) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for Fenerbahçe SK as a defensive midfielder.	Mehmet Topal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dominic Matteo (born 28 April 1974) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender and centre-midfielder from 1992 to 2009.	Dominic Matteo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ross Etheridge (born 14 September 1994) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Accrington Stanley.	Ross Etheridge	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Jungschläger (born 22 May 1984 in Voorburg) is a Dutch former footballer who plays as a midfielder for Topklasse club SVV Scheveningen.	Peter Jungschläger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bledjan Rizvani (born 2 July 1985 in Durrës) is an Albanian football goalkeeper who plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga where he is also the squad captain.	Bledjan Rizvani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	John Trewick (born 3 June 1957) is an English football coach and former midfielder.	John Trewick	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Dickie (born 30 January 1944) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in England for West Ham United, Coventry City and Aldershot.	Alan Dickie	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Neil Moore (born 21 September 1972 in Liverpool) is an English professional football defender who is currently playing for Solihull Moors.	Neil Moore	defender
position played on team / speciality	Neil Lindsay was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward.	Neil Lindsay	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michelle Betos (born February 20, 1988) is an American professional soccer goalkeeper.	Michelle Betos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn Xuân Luân (born 29 April 1984) is Vietnamese footballer who plays for Becamex Binh Duong as a defender.	Nguyễn Xuân Luân	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Broschinský (born 1 September 1985) is a Czech football midfielder who most recently played for FC Graffin Vlašim in the Czech 2.	Jan Broschinský	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emmerson Brooks-Meade (born 7 July 1983) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as both a defender and a midfielder.	Emmerson Brooks-Meade	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aaron Westervelt (born 21 November 1979) in Adelaide, Australia is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a Central midfielder for Adelaide Victory FC in the National Premier Leagues State League.	Aaron Westervelt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Álvaro Rodríguez Ros (born 6 June 1936 in Ujo, Mieres, Asturias), commonly known as Alvarito, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Álvaro Rodríguez Ros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Banović (born 1 February 1984 in Split) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent, having been released from the Croatian club Croatia Sesvete in July 2010.	Ivan Banović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Franck Silvestre (born 5 April 1967) is a retired French footballer who played as a central defender.	Franck Silvestre	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Henrique Koprowski (born 21 May 1987) is a Brazilian footballer, defensive midfielder.	Luiz Henrique Koprowski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Conrad Hendricks (Rust-ter-Vaal, 5 February 1979 -- Alberton, 14 January 2006) was a South African football (soccer) player last playing as goalkeeper for Moroka Swallows.	Conrad Hendricks	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Manta, (born in Bucharest, 2 June 1943), is a Romanian former football goalkeeper, who played for Sportul Studenţesc, Universitatea Craiova and Progresul Bucureşti.	Paul Manta	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milan Dević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Девић; born 30 May 1974 in Inđija) is former Serbian football goalkeeper.	Milan Dević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Filippos Filippou (Greek: Φίλιππος Φιλίππου; born June 24, 1975 in Limassol) is a retired football player who played as a defender.	Filippos Filippou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jakob Blåbjerg Mathiasen (born 11 January 1995) is a Danish defender playing for AaB.	Jakob Blåbjerg	defender
position played on team / speciality	Troy Caesar (born 13 May 1994) is an international footballer from the British Virgin Islands, who plays as a midfielder for the British Virgin Islands national football team.	Troy Caesar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simeon Augustus (born March 19, 1991 is a Trinidad and Tobago football player, who plays as a midfielder for United Petrotrin (TT Pro League).	Simeon Augustus	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mariah Bullock (born February 21, 1991), née Mariah Nogueira, is an American retired soccer midfielder.	Mariah Bullock	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yasin Özdenak (born 11 October 1948) is a former Turkish football goalkeeper and now an active coach.	Yasin Özdenak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joe Exter (born December 19, 1978) is a retired American ice hockey goaltender.	Joe Exter	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Zulkarnain Zakaria (born November 23, 1974 in Banda Aceh, Indonesia) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays in Region 1 of the Liga Indonesia for Semen Padang.	Zulkarnain Zakaria	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milan Singh (born 15 May 1992) is an Indian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for DSK Shivajians in the I-League.	Milan Singh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcin Kuś (born 2 September 1981 in Warsaw) is a Polish professional footballer (defender) who plays for Ruch Chorzów.	Marcin Kuś	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jones Kusi-Asare (born 21 May 1980) is a former Swedish-Ghanaian footballer who played as a forward.	Jones Kusi-Asare	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lewis Hardman (born 25 March 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bishop Auckland.	Lewis Hardman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tiago Alves Fraga (born 2 March 1981 in Anápolis, Brazil), more commonly known as Tiago is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for CRAC.	Tiago Alves Fraga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saša Kocić (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Коцић; born 10 June 1976) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with Zvižd Kučevo in the Serbian League West.	Saša Kocić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Laimonis Laizāns (born 1945) is a former Soviet Latvian football goalkeeper who played for FK Daugava Rīga and Torpedo Moscow.	Laimonis Laizāns	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José María Maguregui Ibarguchi (16 March 1934 -- 30 December 2013) was a Spanish football midfielder and coach.	José María Maguregui	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Known as a quick and skilled scrum-half with a great pass who isn't shy when it comes to the physical aspects of the game, Grayson Hart has played Super Rugby for the Blues and NSW Waratahs as well as NPC Rugby for Auckland and North Harbour.	Grayson Hart	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Fergus Bell (born 25 January 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder most recently for Torquay United.	Fergus Bell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Sarantopoulos (born 2 May 1968) is a former Canadian international soccer defender.	Peter Sarantopoulos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jerri Ariel Farias Hahn (born on 12 June 1980), simply known as Jerri, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Jerri Ariel Farias Hahn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emil Iliev (Bulgarian: Емил Илиев; born 31 March 1997) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kaliakra Kavarna on loan from Cherno More Varna.	Emil Iliev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jéferson Rodrigues Gonçalves (born 15 July 1984 in Brasília), simply Jéferson (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʒɛfiʁsõ)), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a attacking midfielder for Brazilian club Boavista.	Jéferson Rodrigues Gonçalves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	William Leandersson (born 9 January 1984) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Mjällby AIFas a defender.	William Leandersson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcin Kikut (born 25 June 1983 in Barlinek) is a Polish football (midfielder or defender).	Marcin Kikut	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ubay Luzardo Santana (born 6 November 1983) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Farense mainly as a central defender.	Ubay Luzardo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Korudzhiev (Bulgarian: Георги Коруджиев; born 2 March 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Hungarian club Békéscsaba.	Georgi Korudzhiev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Souleymane Diawara (born 24 December 1978) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defender for OGC Nice and the Senegal national team.	Souleymane Diawara	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Mazzarani (born November 6, 1989 in Rome) is an Italian professional footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Serie B club Modena.	Andrea Mazzarani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tyias Browning (born 27 May 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Everton.	Tyias Browning	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Rocha, better known as Rato (born 14 March 1989 in Ribeirão Preto) is a Brazilian professional football player who plays as a left midfielder.	Rafael Rocha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jerome McCarthy (born 6 April 1973) is a South African former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a left winger.	Jerome McCarthy	winger
position played on team / speciality	Michael Petkovic (born 16 July 1976) is an Australian former goalkeeper.	Michael Petkovic	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Indro Olumets (born 10 April 1971 in Tartu) is a former Estonian footballer who played as an offensive-minded midfielder.	Indro Olumets	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Winston DuBose is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent eight seasons in the North American Soccer League, four in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the American Indoor Soccer Association.	Winston DuBose	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roy Gulwak is a goalkeeper for FC Kator.	Roy Gulwak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Waheed Mohammed Taher (born October 11, 1982) is Qatari footballer who is a defensive midfielder for Al-Wakrah.	Waheed Mohammed Taher	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milan Jagodić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Јагодић; born 11 March 1991 in Užice) is a Serbian football defender, who last played for Mladost Lučani.	Milan Jagodić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joël Bouchard (born January 23, 1974) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League.	Joël Bouchard	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Boris Turčák (born 21 February 1993) is a Slovak footballer who plays as midfielder.	Boris Turčák	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roscoe Pietersen (born 27 January 1989) is a South African football (soccer) defender who currently plays for SuperSport United in the Premier Soccer League.	Roscoe Pietersen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ally Ridgers (born 30 June 1982 in Inverness, Scotland) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Highland Football League side, Clachnacuddin.	Ally Ridgers	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Damian Bailey (born 5 May 1991) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Damian Bailey	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Pedro Henriques Neto (born 11 September 1984 in Porto), known as João Pedro, is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder.	João Pedro Henriques Neto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gregor Buchanan (born 31 March 1990) is a Scottish footballer who as a defender who plays for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship.	Gregor Buchanan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Uğur İnceman (born 25 May 1981 in Aachen, West Germany) is a Turkish-German football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Roda JC Kerkrade in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Uğur İnceman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seyfo Soley (born 16 February 1980 in Lamin, the Gambia) is a Gambian football (soccer) midfielder who previously played for Doxa Katokopias.	Seyfo Soley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Nizam popularly known as Thoddoo - reference to his home island (born 17 May 1974) is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a forward for Kalhaidhoo.	Mohamed Nizam	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juan Quarterone Carbone (28 May 1935 -- 23 November 2015) was an Argentine football midfielder.	Juan Quarterone	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Altan Aksoy (born on 5 February 1976) was a Turkish footballer who last played as midfielder for Giresunspor.	Altan Aksoy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Raúl Alfredo Cascini (born April 7, 1971 in San Fernando, Argentina), is a retired Argentine football midfielder, who also has Italian nationality.	Raúl Alfredo Cascini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Murat Selvi (born 10 July 1982) is a Belgian professional footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a defender.	Murat Selvi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shin Dong-keun (Korean: 신동근; born 15 February 1981) is a South Korean football midfielder.	Shin Dong-keun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Malin Swedberg (born 15 September 1968) is a Swedish former association football midfielder who won 78 caps for the Sweden women's national football team, scoring ten goals.	Malin Swedberg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Godinho Felipe (born 5 January 1976 in São Paulo), commonly known as Edu, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Eduardo Godinho Felipe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marek Božoň (17 April 1990 in Poprad ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for the 2.	Marek Božoň	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marta Docando Gómez, a.k.a. Marti, is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for Atlético Madrid in the Spanish First Division, where she serves as the team's captain.	Marta Docando	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lê Thanh Bình (born 8 August 1995) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a forward for Thanh Hoa F.C..	Lê Thanh Bình	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hassan Mila Sesay (born October 22, 1987 in Freetown) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer, currently playing as an attacking midfielder for FC Lahti in Veikkausliiga.	Hassan Mila Sesay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marina Saenko is a Russian football defender currently playing for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship She has been a member of the Russian national team.	Marina Saenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Vujović (born 26 August 1958) is a Bosnian Croat retired footballer who played as a defender.	Zoran Vujović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Gomes de Oliveira Conceição (born 19 July 1996), known as Bruno Gomes, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A side Genoa, on loan from Internacional.	Bruno Gomes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wan Zaman Wan Mustapha (born 12 June 1983 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for PDRM recently transfer from Kelantan FA in Malaysia Super League.	Wan Zaman Wan Mustapha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian McQueen (born 1 January 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Clyde, as a central defender.	Brian McQueen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Heinz Kubsch (20 July 1930, Essen -- 24 October 1993) was a German football goalkeeper.	Heinz Kubsch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Janvier Charles Mbarga (born September 27, 1985 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who plays as goalkeeper.	Janvier Charles Mbarga	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marian Rada (born 14 May 1960 in Bucharest) is a Romanian former football defender and manager of Berceni.	Marian Rada	defender
position played on team / speciality	William Wade Johnston (April 9, 1898 -- March 8, 1978) was a Negro Leagues outfielder during the first Negro National League.	Wade Johnston	outfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Noor Ali was a Singaporean footballer who last played as a midfielder for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC.	Mohd Noor Ali	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Réka Demeter (born 26 September 1991 in Esztergom) is a Hungarian football defender, currently playing for UE L'Estartit in Spain's Primera División.	Réka Demeter	defender
position played on team / speciality	Caryl Righetti (born 18 July 1984) is a footballer from Switzerland who plays as midfielder.	Caryl Righetti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Andrés Bilibio Estigarribia (born 2 January 1975 in Corrientes) is a retired naturalized Armenian football defender.	José Andrés Bilibio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Moro (born 10 November 1993) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder who plays for Adana Demirspor in the Turkish TFF First League.	Ibrahim Moro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steve Cacciatore is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the American Soccer League and the North American Soccer League.	Steve Cacciatore	forward
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Moreno Bellver (6 September 1963 -- 8 February 2012) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Enrique Moreno Bellver	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wilker Pereira dos Santos, known simply as Wilker, (born 16 June 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Tërbuni Pukë in the Albanian Superliga.	Wilker Pereira dos Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Poul Lars Høgh Pedersen (born 14 January 1959) is a Danish former football player, who played his entire career as a goalkeeper for Odense BK.	Lars Høgh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Edgar Nicaise Constant Salli (born 17 August 1992), commonly known as Edgar Salli, is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from Monaco and is a winger, having previously played for Ngaoundéré and Coton Sport.	Edgar Salli	winger
position played on team / speciality	Thiago Benevides Gonçalves, commonly known as Thiaguinho (born September 4, 1987), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left winger.	Thiago Benevides Gonçalves	winger
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Paulo Saraiva António (21 November 1973 -- 23 February 2000), known as Pedro Paulo, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a central midfielder in the Primeira Divisão and the UEFA Cup for Marítimo.	Pedro Paulo Saraiva António	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edemir Cláudio Marques, commonly known as Cláudio or Cláudio Marques, (born 18 February 1950) is a retired football midfielder who won the Campeonato Paranaense seven times as a player with Coritiba Foot Ball Club.	Cláudio Marques	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Koczka (born 9 September 1965) is an Australian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.	Andrew Koczka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Brush (born 26 November 1984 in Birmingham, England) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays for Finn Harps in the League of Ireland Premier Division.	Richard Brush	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Anton Regh (born 12 September 1940) is a German former footballer who played as a defender for 1.	Anton Regh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ed Blaney (born April 20, 1951) is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Ed Blaney	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gideon Paulo da Silva (born 16 July 1981 in Jacobina, Bahia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Gideon Paulo da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Kearney (born 11 August 1987) is a footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Port Melbourne SC.	Alan Kearney	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	In 2014, following a season-ending injury to Adrianna Franch, the Western New York Flash signed Lydia Williams to be their starting goalkeeper.	Lydia Williams	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cao Sỹ Cường (born 19 February 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for V-League club Thanh Hóa F.C. and the Vietnamese internationals.	Cao Sỹ Cường	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Paulo Mior (born 3 August 1991 in Serafina Corrêa) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Goiás, on loan from Internacional.	João Paulo Mior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vesna Smiljković is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing in Iceland's Úrvalsdeild for IBV Vestmannaeyja.	Vesna Smiljković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Ramírez Torres (born February 2, 1986 in Puerto Vallarta) is a Mexican footballer, as a midfielder for Alebrijes de Oaxaca in Mexico.	Alberto Ramírez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José María Cela Ranilla (born 17 December 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and current research fellow at Rovira i Virgili University.	José María Cela	forward
position played on team / speciality	Danijel Brezič (born 15 February 1976 in Murska Sobota) is a Slovenian football midfielder, who last played for Grazer AK in the Austrian Regional League Central.	Danijel Brezič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Filippini (born 3 July 1973) is an Italian retired footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Antonio Filippini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chuck Kobasew (born April 17, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who is currently playing for Swiss club, SC Bern of the National League A (NLA).	Chuck Kobasew	winger
position played on team / speciality	John MacNamee is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	John MacNamee	winger
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Lollo (born 8 December 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side Carpi, as a central midfielder.	Lorenzo Lollo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Javille Brooks (born 27 November 1984) in Anguilla is a footballer who plays as a forward.	Javille Brooks	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Jorge D'Alessandro di Ninno (born 28 July 1949) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and manager.	Jorge D'Alessandro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jens Stryger Larsen (born 21 February 1991) is a Danish footballer currently playing as a defender for Austria Wien.	Jens Stryger Larsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Noureddine Naybet (Arabic: نور الدين نيبت‎; born 10 February 1970) is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Noureddine Naybet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dirk Heyne (born 10 October 1957 in Magdeburg, then East Germany) is a former German football goalkeeper turned manager.	Dirk Heyne	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Henrik Furebotn (born 11 February 1986) is a Norwegian footballer midfielder who plays for Bodø/Glimt in Tippeligaen.	Henrik Furebotn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	René Pleimelding (13 February 1925 -- 20 October 1998), was a French football defender and manager who obtained a cap for France.	René Pleimelding	defender
position played on team / speciality	Despite being only seventeen years old, Wang Dalei started his football career with Shanghai United, making his debut on 11 March 2006 in a 1-1 draw against Inter Xian which made him the youngest professional goalkeeper in Chinese football history.	Wang Dalei	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gérard Janvion (born 21 August 1953 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a retired French international footballer who played defender.	Gérard Janvion	defender
position played on team / speciality	Khosro Heydari (Persian: خسرو حیدری‎‎, born September 14, 1983) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Esteghlal as a defender in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Khosro Heydari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Craig Gardner (born 25 November 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for West Bromwich Albion.	Craig Gardner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yann David (born 15 April 1988 in Lyon, France) is a French professional rugby union centre and winger currently playing for Toulouse in the Top 14.	Yann David	centre
position played on team / speciality	Conlyde Luchanga is an Zambian professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Conlyde Luchanga	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Giordano (born 4 March 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian Serie C club Melfi.	Daniele Giordano	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sofiane Djebarat (born 7 May 1983 in Toudja, Béjaïa Province) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa.	Sofiane Djebarat	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gerry Garvan is a former Irish soccer player and coach who played as a midfielder for several clubs, during the 1960s and 1970s, in the League of Ireland, including Drumcondra, Shelbourne and Athlone Town.	Gerry Garvan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Salim Mubarak (Arabic: محمد سليم مبارك‎) (born in 1968), is a footballer from UAE who played as a defender for Al-Ahli Club in Dubai, and the UAE national football team.	Mohamed Salim	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jean Luciano (2 January 1921 -- 7 July 1997) was a French football midfielder.	Jean Luciano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kelly Hrudey (born January 13, 1961) is a Canadian former National Hockey League ice hockey goaltender and current hockey broadcaster with Sportsnet as an analyst for Hockey Night in Canada and the Calgary Flames as a commentator.	Kelly Hrudey	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Hadzhiivanov (Bulgarian: Антонио Хаджииванов; born 16 January 1990 in Blagoevgrad) is a Bulgarian football player currently playing as a midfielder.	Antonio Hadzhiivanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anıl Karaer (born July 4, 1988, in İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish football player who plays as defender for Eskişehirspor.	Anıl Karaer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rodolfo Dantas Bispo (born 23 October 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays defender.	Rodolfo Dantas Bispo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yannick Riendeau (born June 18, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger who plays for the Reading Royals of the ECHL.	Yannick Riendeau	winger
position played on team / speciality	Aleš Kotalík (born 23 December 1978) is a professional ice hockey right winger playing for HC Mountfield České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga.	Aleš Kotalík	winger
position played on team / speciality	Gopinathan Ramachandra or commonly known as Gopi is a Malaysia Super League footballer who plays as a winger or Forward for Malaysia and Pahang FA.	Gopinathan Ramachandra	winger
position played on team / speciality	Terhi Uusi-Luomalahti (born 20 February 1974) is a Finnish former football defender who played for HJK Helsinki, among other teams, in the Naisten Liiga.	Terhi Uusi-Luomalahti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mićo Kuzmanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мићо Кузмановић; born 18 March 1996) is a Bosnian Serb football forward.	Mićo Kuzmanović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Piotr Parzyszek (born 8 September 1993 in Toruń, Poland) is a professional footballer who plays a forward who is currently on trial at Grimsby Town.	Piotr Parzyszek	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Gallagher (June 7, 1901 in Kirkintilloch, Scotland -- October 7, 1971 in Cleveland, Ohio) was a Scottish American soccer right wing midfielder who spent eleven seasons in the American Soccer League.	Jimmy Gallagher	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Goran Blažević (born 7 June 1986), nicknamed Šiljo, is a Croatian football goalkeeper.	Goran Blažević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maicol Berretti (born 1 May 1989) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pennarossa Berretti made his senior national team debut on 21 November 2007, in an UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier match against Slovakia.	Maicol Berretti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mika Norja is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Jukurit in the Finish Mestis.	Mika Norja	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Irving Nattrass (born 20 December 1952) was a midfielder for Newcastle and Middlesbrough Born in Fishburn, England Nattrass attended Ferryhill Grammar School and Signed with Newcastle at age 16 on an apprenticeship.	Irving Nattrass	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gerry Reardon is a retired Irish football (soccer) midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League.	Gerry Reardon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Walter Aspden was an American soccer inside forward who played professionally in the first American Soccer League.	Walter Aspden	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Herbert Ilsanker (born May 24, 1967 in Hallein, Austria) is a retired professional football goalkeeper.	Herbert Ilsanker	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Olusegun Odegbami, often shortened to Segun Odegbami (born August 27, 1952, in Abeokuta) is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a forward.	Segun Odegbami	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jared Aulin (born March 15, 1982) is a Canadian professional hockey centre who is currently playing with the newly relegated Rapperswil-Jona Lakers of the National League B (NLB).	Jared Aulin	centre
position played on team / speciality	Sione Teu is a Tongan footballer and referee who plays as a defender.	Sione Teu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Linssen (19 January 1913 -- 2 November 1995) was a Dutch footballer who was active as a forward.	Jan Linssen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sixten Boström (born 15 September 1963) is a Finnish soccer coach and former midfielder, who is currently an assistant coach for Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer after being hired in February 2015.	Sixten Boström	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Harley (born 22 January 1985) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Exeter City in League Two.	Ryan Harley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Despotović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Деспотовић; born 4 March 1992 in Loznica, FR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who is currently playing for Latvian Higher League side FK Spartaks Jūrmala as a centre forward.	Đorđe Despotović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Amy Garnett (born 31 March 1976) is an English rugby union player who plays for Women's Premiership team Saracens Women as a hooker.	Amy Garnett	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Matthew Rusike (born June 28, 1990) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a midfielder and striker for Helsingborgs IF in Sweden.	Matthew Rusike	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gord Simpson (born May 10, 1928 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who play with the Winnipeg Maroons for 14 years.	Gord Simpson	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Nedko Milenov (Bulgarian: Недко Миленов) (born 9 October 1978) is a football midfielder from Bulgaria.	Nedko Milenov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Xavier Lisboa often called Luciano was born on July 23, 1987 in Paracatu, and is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Luciano Xavier Lisboa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stéphane Collet (born 13 June 1972 in Diego Suárez) is a retired French-Malagasy football midfielder.	Stéphane Collet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henrique Moura Perillo (born 8 February 1991 in Goiânia), or simply Henrique, is a Brazilian defender.	Henrique Moura Perillo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ginter Gawlik (born December 5, 1930 in Borsigwerk, a district of Zabrze, died August 22, 2005 in Würzburg, Germany) was a Polish soccer player, defender and midfielder.	Ginter Gawlik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Benjamin Büchel (born 4 July 1989) is a Liechtenstein international footballer who plays for English club Oxford United, as a goalkeeper.	Benjamin Büchel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Agostino Camigliano (born 11 July 1994) is an Italian footballer who plays for Udinese, as a central defender.	Agostino Camigliano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Graham Bowman (born 2 January 1993) is a Scottish footballer, currently playing for Falkirk as a goalkeeper in the Scottish Championship.	Graham Bowman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Youssef Idrissi (born 19 January 1988 in Avignon) is a French-born Moroccan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Aurillac FCA.	Youssef Idrissi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marko Milinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Mapкo Mилинковић; born 16 April 1988) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays as midfielder or winger.	Marko Milinković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hamed Lak (Persian: حامد لک‎‎, born 24 November 1990) is an Iranian football goalkeeper currently playing for Saba Qom and Iran national football team.	Hamed Lak	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carles Busquets Barroso (Catalan: (busˈkɛts); born 19 July 1967) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, mostly for Barcelona.	Carles Busquets	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Helge Liljebjörn (16 August 1904 -- 2 May 1952) was a Swedish football midfielder who played for the Swedish national football team.	Helge Liljebjörn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Blagoje Tamindžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Благоје Таминџић; born April 8, 1952) is a former Bosnian Serb football goalkeeper.	Blagoje Tamindžić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Szabolcs Csorba (born 24 October 1991 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian football player currently playing for the Bangladeshi team Dhaka Abahani as a forward.	Szabolcs Csorba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luuk de Jong (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlyk də ˈjɔŋ), born 27 August 1990) is a Dutch footballer, who plays as a forward for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands football team.	Luuk de Jong	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hervé Schreiner (born November 29, 1974) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Hervé Schreiner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Barry Hawkes (born 21 March 1938) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as an inside forward for Luton Town, Darlington and Hartlepools United.	Barry Hawkes	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Benjamin Auer (born 11 January 1981 in Landau) is a retired German footballer who is a centre-forward.	Benjamin Auer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vincenzo Fiorillo (born 13 January 1990) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pescara in the Italian Serie B, on loan from Juventus.	Vincenzo Fiorillo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arvid Schenk (born 28 July 1989) is a German professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently without a club having last played for Dundee.	Arvid Schenk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fabrice Lokembo-Lokaso (born 31 October 1982) is a Belgian retired football defender of Congolese.	Fabrice Lokembo-Lokaso	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jander Ribeiro Santana (born 8 July 1988 in Feira de Santana, Bahia), known simply as Jander, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Gil Vicente F.C. as a midfielder.	Jander Ribeiro Santana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dion-Curtis Henry (born 12 September 1997) is an English professional football goalkeeper who plays for League One side Peterborough United.	Dion-Curtis Henry	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matheus Dória Macedo (born 8 November 1994), commonly known as Dória, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF on loan from Marseille as a central defender.	Dória	defender
position played on team / speciality	Song Ju-han (Hangul: 송주한; born 16 June 1993) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Daejeon Citizen in K League Challenge.	Song Ju-han	defender
position played on team / speciality	Scott Oxley (born 22 November 1976) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City, and in non-League football for Stocksbridge Park Steels.	Scott Oxley	winger
position played on team / speciality	Filip Despotovski (Macedonian: Филип Дecпoтoвcки; born 18 November 1982 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian football midfielder who plays for FK Teteks and the Macedonian National Team.	Filip Despotovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Amoros (born 1 February 1962 in Nîmes) is a French retired football defender of Spanish descent.	Manuel Amoros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Graham Abel (born 17 September 1960) was a professional footballer who played in the Football League for Chester City and Crewe Alexandra as a central defender.	Graham Abel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdelkader Ferhaoui, known as Kader Ferhaoui (Arabic: عبد القادر فرحاوي‎) (born March 19, 1965 in Oran, Algeria) is a retired Algerian football midfielder.	Abdelkader Ferhaoui	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Bouza (born 9 May 1973 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina) is a former rugby union player who has so far won 38 caps playing at No 8, flanker or lock for the Argentine rugby union side.	Pablo Bouza	flanker	lock
position played on team / speciality	Silvio Piola (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsilvjo ˈpjɔla); 29 September 1913 -- 4 October 1996) was an Italian footballer from Robbio Lomellina, province of Pavia who played as a forward.	Silvio Piola	forward
position played on team / speciality	Réjean Giroux (born September 13, 1952) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger who played for the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association.	Réjean Giroux	winger
position played on team / speciality	Harry Dukes was an English professional football goalkeeper who made over 115 appearances in the Football League for Norwich City.	Harry Dukes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kazimir Vulić (born 10 June 1967 in Posedarje) was a Croatian football midfielder who last played for NK Solin Građa.	Kazimir Vulić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlo Nervo (born 29 October 1971 in Vicenza) is an Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Carlo Nervo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erald Hysi (born 13 August 1986 in Vlorë) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Flamurtari Vlore in the Albanian Superliga.	Erald Hysi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roland Bättig (born 28 July 1979 Switzerland) is a former Swiss professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League.	Roland Bättig	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sardor Kabuldjanov(born 2 February 1987) is a Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Uzbek League team Buxoro.	Sardor Kabuldjanov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dave Scatchard (born February 20, 1976) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre.	Dave Scatchard	centre
position played on team / speciality	Horace Stoute (born 29 May 1971) is a former Barbadian international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Horace Stoute	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Casper Olesen (born 10 May 1996) is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for Danish Superliga-side SønderjyskE.	Casper Olesen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Russell Anderson (born 25 October 1978) is a Scottish former footballer who last played as a centre back for Aberdeen.	Russell Anderson	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Zdravko Chavdarov (Bulgarian: Здравко Чавдаров; born 24 January 1981) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a goalkeeper for Lyubimets 2007.	Zdravko Chavdarov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gonzalo de los Santos da Rosa (born 19 July 1976) is an Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and a current coach.	Gonzalo de los Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sabyrkhan Ibraev (Kazakh: Сабырхан Ибраев) is a Kazakhstani football midfielder and playmaker.	Sabyrkhan Ibraev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Acurcio Carrelo (born 16 March 1931, died 21 January 2010) is a Portuguese football goalkeeper who played for Portugal in the 1960 European Nations' Cup.	Acurcio Carrelo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Sebastián Pereyra (born April 28, 1975 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Guillermo Brown of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.	Sebastián Pereyra	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Raynaldo Sturrup (born 11 January 1990) is a Bahamian international footballer who plays college soccer for Thomas University, as a goalkeeper.	Raynaldo Sturrup	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Issoumaila Dao (born August 9, 1983 in Abidjan) is an Ivory-Coast-born football defender who currently plays for Al-Raed in the Saudi Professional League.	Issoumaila Dao	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bill Shortt (13 October 1920 -- 20 September 2004) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Bill Shortt	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Altamont McKenzie (born Kingston) is a retired Jamaican football (soccer) defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the American Soccer League.	Altamont McKenzie	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Pastor is a former U.S. soccer forward who was a prolific indoor soccer goal scorer.	George Pastor	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chris Newans (born October 6, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey and roller hockey defenceman.	Chris Newans	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Asraruddin Putra Omar (26 March 1988) is a Malaysian footballer who is a defender for Johor Darul Takzim FC.	Asraruddin Putra Omar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aarón Wergifker (born August 15, 1914) is a retired Brazil-born, naturalized Argentine football defender.	Aarón Wergifker	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Bong (born 27 July 1987 in Douala) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 club Chamois Niortais.	Frédéric Bong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lebogang Mabatle is a South African football defender.	Lebogang Mabatle	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mariano Fernando González (born December 31, 1980 in Rosario) is an Argentine football defender.	Mariano Fernando González	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommaso Colombaretti (born 26 June 1980) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Fano.	Tommaso Colombaretti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Quotschalla (born 25 July 1988) is a football forward who is currently contracted with Luxembourgish second league club FC Rodange 91.	Marco Quotschalla	forward
position played on team / speciality	Frank Löning (born 28 August 1981 in Aurich) is a German football forward who currently plays for Chemnitzer FC.	Frank Löning	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tracy Murray is the cousin of former Los Angeles Clippers small forward Lamond Murray and cousin of former New York Knicks shooting guard Allan Houston.	Tracy Murray	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Bellone (born 14 March 1962 in Toulon) is a former French international footballer who played as a winger, and who earned 34 caps and scored two goals for France from 1981 to 1988.	Bruno Bellone	winger
position played on team / speciality	Darian MacKinnon (born 9 October 1985) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical, as an attacking midfielder and striker.	Darian MacKinnon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Tranchant (born 23 April 1956) is a French former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Philippe Tranchant	forward
position played on team / speciality	João Marques de Jesus Lopes (born 16 August 1958 in Tete) known as Djão, is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Djão	forward
position played on team / speciality	Diego Mendieta (June 13, 1980--December 3, 2012) was a Paraguayan footballer who played as a forward for Persis Solo F.C..	Diego Mendieta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sénah Mango (born December 13, 1991 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays as a defender for French side Boulogne.	Sénah Mango	defender
position played on team / speciality	Róbert Švehla (/ˈrɒbərt ˈsveɪlə/; born January 2, 1969) is a Slovak retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL for 9 seasons from 1995 until 2003.	Róbert Švehla	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	José Ángel Iribar Cortajarena, nicknamed El Chopo (``the poplar'') (born 1 March 1943), is a Spanish retired football goalkeeper and manager.	José Ángel Iribar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	László Sütő (born 18 April 1986 in Szombathely, Hungary) is a Hungarian football (defender) player.	László Sütő	defender
position played on team / speciality	Peter Skov-Jensen (born June 9, 1971) is a Danish former professional football player who was a goalkeeper.	Peter Skov-Jensen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giancarlo Corradini (born 24 February 1961 in Sassuolo, Province of Modena) is an Italian football manager and former defender.	Giancarlo Corradini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Julio Ulises Terra Guerra (died 31 October 1985) was a Uruguayan football defender.	Julio Ulises Terra	defender
position played on team / speciality	Seimata Chilia (born 2 August 1978, Vanuatu) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays for Amical as a midfielder.	Seimata Chilia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ever Hugo Almeida (born 1 July 1948) is a Paraguayan former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is currently manager of Asunción side Libertad.	Ever Hugo Almeida	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Fabiano Silva e Silva, commonly known as Leonardo Silva (born June 22, 1979 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a central defender.	Leonardo Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Amaro dos Santos (born June 19, 1986 in Campinas), or simply Leandro Amaro, is a Brazilian football defender, who plays for ABC of the Série B.	Leandro Amaro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Baró Calabuig (born 22 June 1985 in Darnius, Girona, Catalonia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina mainly as a defensive midfielder but also as a central defender.	Alan Baró	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Augusto Solari (born 3 January 1992 in Rosario) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Estudiantes on loan from River Plate as a midfielder.	Augusto Solari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juraj Maretić (born 5 June 1993 in Split) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for Junak Sinj in the Druga HNL, on loan from Slaven Belupo.	Juraj Maretić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Kennedy (born July 15, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing with the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Tyler Kennedy	centre
position played on team / speciality	George Neill (1872-1905) was an English association footballer who played as a defender Born in Poplar, London, Neill spent three seasons with Millwall Athletic playing mostly in their reserve team before signing for West Norwood in 1894.	George Neill	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jack Lancien was a skilled defenceman who played parts of four seasons with the New York Rangers in the 40s and 50s.	Jack Lancien	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Ronnie Coyle (4 August 1964 -- 12 April 2011) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a defender.	Ronnie Coyle	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vincenzo Sicignano (born 8 July 1974 in Pompei, Province of Naples) is an Italian former football goalkeeper turned coach.	Vincenzo Sicignano	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Sitalo (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Сітало; born 20 December 1986 in Magadan, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Serhiy Sitalo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Murad Aghakishiyev (Azerbaijani: Murad Agakisiyev; born 13 June 1985) is a football midfielder from Azerbaijan.	Murad Aghakishiyev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Pembleton (born 1 June 1990) is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Goole.	Martin Pembleton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vanderley Dias Marinho (born 29 December 1987), known as Derley, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Kayserispor, on loan from Portuguese club Benfica.	Vanderley Dias Marinho	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fabien Laurenti (born 6 January 1983 in Marseille) is a French professional football (soccer) defender.	Fabien Laurenti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rashad Abdullayev (Azerbaijani: Rəşad Abdullayev; born 1 October 1981) is an Azerbaijani footballer (midfielder) who plays for Zira.	Rashad Abdullayev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liam O'Sullivan (28 October 1981 -- 29 April 2002) was a Scottish football player, who played as a defender for Hibernian, Clydebank and Brechin City.	Liam O'Sullivan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Sholin (Ukrainian: Ігор Миколайович Шолін), (4 June 1985 -- 16 December 2009) was a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.	Ihor Sholin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wilmer Kousemaker (born 12 July 1985 in Tholen, Zeeland) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Capelle in the Dutch Topklasse.	Wilmer Kousemaker	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	František Pospíšil (born April 2, 1944) is a Czech former ice hockey defenceman and coach.	František Pospíšil	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Theo Lewis Weeks (born 19 January 1990) is a Liberian international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Ermis Aradippou in the Cypriot First Division.	Theo Lewis Weeks	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dennis Leman is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City, Sheffield Wednesday, Wrexham and Scunthorpe United.	Dennis Leman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johnny Torres (born April 24, 1976 in Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian-American soccer midfielder and coach who is currently an assistant coach of his alma mater, Creighton University.	Johnny Torres	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wilberne Augusmat is a Haitian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Violette in the Ligue Haïtienne.	Wilberne Augusmat	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henry Onwuzuruike (born 26 December 1979) is a Nigerian professional footballer who last played for German club SV Darmstadt 98, as a midfielder.	Henry Onwuzuruike	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Aracil Arnau (born 18 February 1957 in Alicante, Valencian Community) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right defender and midfielder.	Miguel Aracil	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matej Mitrović is a Croatian football defender currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Matej Mitrović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karim Rekik (Arabic: كريم رقيق‎; born 2 December 1994) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Ligue 1 club Marseille.	Karim Rekik	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Charis Nicolaou (born March 31, 1974 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Cypriot football midfielder.	Charis Nicolaou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Civelli (born 6 October 1986 in Pehuajó, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder, who plays for Banfield.	Luciano Civelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reidun Seth (born 9 June 1966) is a Norwegian footballer, world champion and olympic medallist, a football goalkeeper and a goalkeeper trainer.	Reidun Seth	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ki Sung-yueng (Korean: 기성용, Korean pronunciation: (ki sʰʌŋjoŋ); born 24 January 1989) is a South Korean professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Swansea City, and serves as captain of the South Korean national team.	Ki Sung-yueng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Rajah (died 14 November 2014) was a Malaysian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Sabah and the national team.	Peter Rajah	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Pédemonte (born 27 January 1980 in Lyon) is a French football (soccer) defender.	Pascal Pédemonte	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kaidi Jekimova (born 28 June 1979) is an Estonian football player who plays for Levadia Tallinn, as an attacking midfielder.	Kaidi Jekimova	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cho So-hyun (Hangul: 조소현, born 24 June 1988) is a South Korean women's football midfielder, who plays for Incheon Red Angels in South Korean WK-League and is the captain for the South Korea women's national football team.	Cho So-hyun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomas Švedkauskas (born 22 June 1994) is a Lithuanian professional footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Ascoli on loan from AS Roma.	Tomas Švedkauskas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Diego Lima (born June 18, 1990, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian goalkeeper formed in the Flamengo.	Diego Lima	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charles Neal Anderson (born August 14, 1964) is an American former college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons during the 1980s and 1990s.	Neal Anderson	running back
position played on team / speciality	Florent Raimy (born February 7, 1986 in Laon, France) is a Beninese professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Mosta, where he plays as a midfielder.	Florent Raimy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Junqueira Sales also known as Edu Sales (born 13 December 1977 in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian football player who played as midfielder.	Edu Sales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Björn Mehnert (born 24 August 1976) is a German former footballer who played as a defender or midfielder.	Björn Mehnert	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gorka Elustondo Urkola (born 18 March 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central defender or a defensive midfielder.	Gorka Elustondo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Serafini (born 31 March 1990 in Guardiagrele) is an Italian football midfielder who last played for L'Aquila.	Francesco Serafini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Puchades Casanova (4 June 1925 -- 24 May 2013) was a Spanish footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Antonio Puchades	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Delaplace (born 20 March 1986) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Caen in Ligue 1.	Jonathan Delaplace	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frederic Cloutier (born May 14, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing in Finnish Mestis for KooKoo.	Frederic Cloutier	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Zabica (born 9 April 1964 in Spearwood, Western Australia) is an Australian former goalkeeper.	Robert Zabica	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rico Steinmann (born 26 December 1967 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a German retired footballer who played mostly as a midfielder.	Rico Steinmann	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reijo Ruotsalainen (born April 1, 1960) is a Finnish retired ice hockey defenceman.	Reijo Ruotsalainen	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Vangelis Pourliotopoulos (born on 13 April 1969) is a retired Greek goalkeeper who played in the 1990s and 2000s.	Vangelis Pourliotopoulos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	George Tait (1859 -- 25 November 1882) was an English international footballer, who played as a centre forward.	George Tait	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mark Major (born March 20, 1970 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired ice hockey left winger.	Mark Major	winger
position played on team / speciality	Stefanie Mirlach is a retired German football midfielder.	Stefanie Mirlach	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marek Suchý (born 29 March 1988) is a Czech football player who plays as a defender for Czech Republic national football team and for FC Basel.	Marek Suchý	defender
position played on team / speciality	Behzad Soltani (Persian: بهزاد سلطانی‎, born September 15, 1988) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Sepahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League.	Behzad Soltani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Forsyth (born 3 October 1970) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder.	Richard Forsyth	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anton Jánoš (born 28 February 1958) is a former football goalkeeper from Slovakia and former manager of ŠK SFM Senec.	Anton Jánoš	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Imre Varadi (born 8 July 1959) is an English former professional footballer of Hungarian origin, known as a journeyman forward who appeared for 16 different clubs at all levels of professional football in England.	Imre Varadi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Hoogervorst (born 23 October 1984) is a Dutch retired footballer who plays as a central defender.	Jeffrey Hoogervorst	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dominik Malý (born 24 January 1996) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FK Senica as a midfielder.	Dominik Malý	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Alphonse Conrad Bourcier (May 28, 1916 -- October 5, 1987) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre.	Conrad Bourcier	centre
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Lavenant (born 3 August 1995 in Saint-Malo, Brittany) is a French footballer who plays for Ligue 1 side Lorient as an attacking midfielder.	Pierre Lavenant	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Borislav Terzić (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислав Терзић; born 1 November 1991) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for Radnički Kragujevac in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Borislav Terzić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mario Jelavić (born 20 August 1993) is a Croatian football forward, who is currently play for Åtvidabergs FF.	Mario Jelavić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arpad Vaš (Hungarian: Árpád Vass, born 31 July 1989 in Lendava) is a Slovenian football midfielder who plays for Veržej.	Arpad Vaš	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Willi Orban (born 3 November 1992) is a German-Polish-Hungarian footballer who plays as a centre back for RB Leipzig in the 2.	Willi Orban	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Paul Harsley (born 29 May 1978) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder from 1996 until 2012.	Paul Harsley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Santos da Silva Júnior (born 18 January 1992), commonly known as Francisco Júnior, is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Everton.	Francisco Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George McNestry (7 January 1908 -- March 1998) was a professional footballer who played as an outside forward in The Football League for seven different teams between 1926 and 1937.	George McNestry	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adalberto Manuel Silva Ribeiro (born 13 February 1969 in Paredes), known simply as Adalberto, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Adalberto Manuel Silva Ribeiro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ausonio Alacevich (born 13 February 1910 in Zadar, Austria-Hungary) is a rugby union footballer of the 1930s and '40s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for R.S. Ginnastica Torino, as a Prop, i.e. number 1 or 3.	Ausonio Alacevich	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Goran Čaušić (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Чаушић ; born on 5 May 1992 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor.	Goran Čaušić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ruggiero Rizzitelli (Italian pronunciation: (rudˈdʒɛro rittsiˈtɛlli); born 2 September 1967) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward.	Ruggiero Rizzitelli	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bernard Chiarelli (born 24 February 1934), is a former French footballer who played as midfielder.	Bernard Chiarelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aleksander Rajčević (born 17 November 1986 in Koper) is a professional Slovenian football defender and plays for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Aleksander Rajčević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Phil Gwatkin is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Wrexham and Tranmere Rovers.	Phil Gwatkin	winger
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Weatherhead (born 3 September 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for York City, in non-League football for Accrington Stanley and was on the books of Huddersfield Town without making a league appearance.	Shaun Weatherhead	defender
position played on team / speciality	Theodoros Pahatouridis (Greek: Θεόδωρος Παχατουρίδης; born 4 September 1967 in Greece) is a retired football defender.	Theodoros Pahatouridis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Fernando Nunes (born 8 July 1990), known as Bruno Nunes, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguesa.	Bruno Nunes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Jokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Јокић; born 20 January 1981) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Đorđe Jokić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alf Boyd (22 October 1920 -- 1998) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Alf Boyd	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Grant Van De Casteele (born May 10, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender.	Grant Van De Casteele	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richie Dorman (born 14 June 1988) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Finnish club SJK, as a midfielder.	Richie Dorman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hadi Jafari (Persian: هادی جعفری‎, born 4 August 1982) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Sepahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League.	Hadi Jafari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Margarito González Manzanares (born 3 March 1979 in Cruz Grande, Guerrero, México) is a Mexican football defender.	Margarito González	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jerónimo Barrales (born 28 January 1987 in Adrogué, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Turkish club Sivasspor as a forward.	Jerónimo Barrales	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Geudens (born 2 December 1980 in Geel, Belgium) is Belgian football midfielder.	Kevin Geudens	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Graziano Bini (born January 7, 1955 in San Daniele Po) is a retired Italian professional footballer and manager, who played as a defender.	Graziano Bini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sean Lamont (born 15 January 1981 in Perth, Scotland) is a Scottish international rugby union player who plays at centre and on the wing.	Sean Lamont	wing
position played on team / speciality	Ninon Abena Abena (born 5 September 1994) is a Cameroonian football midfielder who plays for Cameroonian side Louves Minproff.	Ninon Abena	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Željko Ljubenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Жeљкo Љубeнoвић, born July 9, 1981 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football midfielder playing for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Željko Ljubenović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Borna Barišić (born 10 November 1992) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for Lokomotiva on loan from Dinamo Zagreb in the Croatian First Football League.	Borna Barišić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gustavo Colman (born April 19, 1985 in Pilar, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine professional football midfielder who plays for Argentine Primera División club Rosario Central.	Gustavo Colman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Guilherme Leme Amorim (born 21 April 1986) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division, as a central defender.	João Guilherme	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jose Carlos Metidieri (born December 18, 1942 in Votorantim, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian-born American soccer forward.	Carlos Metidieri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Zelem (born 13 February 1962, Manchester) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender.	Peter Zelem	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bertin Tokéné (born 10 May 1975 in Douala, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian-Belgian football defender.	Bertin Tokéné	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iván Moreno y Fabianesi (born 4 June 1979) is a Spanish-Argentine football midfielder, who plays for Huracán in the Argentine Primera División.	Iván Moreno y Fabianesi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Teixeira Vieira or simply Ricardo (born April 4, 1984), is a Brazilian goalkeeper.	Ricardo Teixeira Vieira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sead Čelebić (born 26 February 1956) is a former Bosnian football midfielder who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Sead Čelebić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Churilov (Ukrainian: Олександр Володимирович Чурілов; born 6 June 1984 in Zhdanov, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Oleksandr Churilov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michael Winsauer (born August 6, 1982) is an Austrian retired football defender.	Michael Winsauer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marián Zeman (born 7 July 1974) is a Slovak former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a central defender.	Marián Zeman	defender
position played on team / speciality	James Tincknell (born 13 August 1988 in Leicester) is an English rugby union player who currently plays at centre/wing for Coventry.	James Tincknell	centre
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Aparecido Tavares, commonly called as Rick (born 23 April 1987 in São Manuel, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder.	Ricardo Aparecido Tavares	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jim Stamatis (born Kiriaki, Greece) is a retired U.S.-Greek soccer forward and Vice President of The Louis Berger Group.	Jim Stamatis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ottorino Piotti (born 31 July 1954) is an Italian former professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Ottorino Piotti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Björn Stringheim is a Swedish former football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Björn Stringheim	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Campese (born 9 May 1980, in Grugliasco) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio.	Marco Campese	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dominik Jakubek (born September 2, 1979 in Santa Clara, California) is an American soccer player, who currently plays goalkeeper for Sacramento Republic FC in the USL Professional Division.	Dominik Jakubek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sofyane Cherfa (Arabic: سفيان شرفة‎; born 13 August 1984) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for CS Constantine as a central defender.	Sofyane Cherfa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Boyan Peykov (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Боян Пейков; born 1 May 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a goalkeeper for FC Sofia.	Boyan Peykov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Clarence Roberts is a Liberian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Black Star in the Liberian Premier League.	Clarence Roberts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	William Howard Radford (born 8 September 1930), known by his middle name Howard, is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in The Football League for Bristol Rovers for eleven years between 1951 and 1962.	Howard Radford	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milan Gašić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Гашић; born 13 November 1993) is a Serbian football defender, who plays for Napredak Kruševac in Serbian First League.	Milan Gašić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alfredo De Franceschini (12 December 1902 -- 11 June 1959) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a midfielder, and football manager.	Alfredo De Franceschini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Pablo Niño Castellano (born 15 May 1978) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a left winger.	Pablo Niño	winger
position played on team / speciality	Darin Olver (born March 5, 1985 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canada-born German professional ice hockey left winger.	Darin Olver	winger
position played on team / speciality	Traci Bartlett (born 17 May 1972) is an Australian former soccer player who played as a defender.	Traci Bartlett	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Michael Wells (born August 7, 1988), known as Chris Wells or Beanie Wells, is a former American football running back.	Beanie Wells	running back
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Olegov (Bulgarian: Адриан Олегов; born 1 May 1985 in Pernik) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for Minyor Pernik.	Adrian Olegov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fredrick Ogechi Okwara (born 19 March 1989) is a Nigerian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League.	Fredrick Ogechi Okwara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michalis Morfis (Greek: Μιχάλης Μορφής) (born January 15, 1979 in Cyprus) is a Cypriot footballer (goalkeeper) who plays for Doxa Katokopias in Cypriot First Division.	Michalis Morfis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Khaled Al-Barakah (Arabic: خالد البركة‎; born December 5, 1990) is a Saudi football player who plays a defender for Hajer.	Khaled Al-Barakah	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Luis da Silva Brum, best known as Pinga (born April 30, 1965 in Porto Alegre), is a former Brazilian footballer in the central-lateral defender role.	Jorge Luis da Silva Brum	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Bocchetti (born 11 June 1980 in Naples) is an Italian footballer who plays as defender for Salernitana.	Antonio Bocchetti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andréia Rosa de Andrade (born July 8, 1984), known as Andréia Rosa, is a Brazilian football defender who plays for the Brazilian women's national team and the Norwegian Toppserien club Avaldsnes.	Andréia Rosa de Andrade	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richard Sneekes (born 30 October 1968 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch former footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Richard Sneekes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Damiano Zanon (born 2 September 1983 in L'Aquila) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie B side Ternana.	Damiano Zanon	defender
present in work	Shem (/ʃɛm/; Hebrew: שֵׁם, Modern Shem, Tiberian Šēm; Greek: Σημ Sēm; Ge'ez: ሴም, Sēm; ``renown; prosperity; name''; Arabic: سام Sām) was one of the sons of Noah in the Hebrew Bible as well as in Islamic literature.	Shem	Bible
present in work	Bilbo Baggins is the title character and protagonist of J. R. R. Tolkien's 1937 novel The Hobbit, as well as a supporting character in The Lord of the Rings.	Bilbo Baggins	The Hobbit	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Joktan or Yoktan (Hebrew: יָקְטָן, Modern Yoktan, Tiberian Yoqṭān, Arabic: يقطان‎ Yaqṭān; literally, ``little'') was the second of the two sons of Eber (Gen. 10:25; 1 Chr. 1:19) mentioned in the Hebrew Bible.	Joktan	Bible
present in work	Major Bludd (Sebastian Bludd) is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline, comic books and cartoon series.	Major Bludd	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
present in work	Colonel Rosa Klebb is a fictional character and the main antagonist from the James Bond 1963 film and 1957 novel From Russia with Love.	Rosa Klebb	From Russia with Love
publication date	The Naked World of Harrison Marks is a 1967 British documentary from George Harrison Marks.	The Naked World of Harrison Marks	1967
publication date	The Romance of Maoriland was a 1930 New Zealand film, intended to be New Zealand's first ``talkie'' film with Ted Coubrays Coubraytone sound system, though also having intertitles.	The Romance of Maoriland	1930
publication date	The Flying Scissors is a 2009 mockumentary that follows eight entrants in the a fictional National Rock Paper Scissors League (NRPSL) Championship.	The Flying Scissors	2009
publication date	Café paraíso (``Paradise Café'') is a 2008 Mexican short film directed and written by Alonso Ruiz Palacios.	Café paraíso	2008
publication date	The Tree's Knees is a 1931 one-reel short subject featuring Bosko, part of the Looney Tunes series.	The Tree's Knees	1931
publisher	The Journal of Religious & Theological Information is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Routledge that covers research in the field of library and information studies as relating to religious studies and related fields, including philosophy, ethnic studies, anthropology, sociology, and history.	Journal of Religious & Theological Information	Routledge
publisher	The Journal of NeuroInterventional Surgery is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group covering the field of neurointerventional surgery.	Journal of NeuroInterventional Surgery	BMJ
publisher	Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral neuroscience published by Elsevier.	Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews	Elsevier
publisher	The Harvard Asia Pacific Review is a biannual academic journal covering the Asia-Pacific Region and edited by students at Harvard University.	Harvard Asia Pacific Review	Harvard University
publisher	Traxxpad is a music application for Sony's PlayStation Portable developed by Definitive Studios and published by Eidos Interactive.	Traxxpad	Eidos Interactive
sex or gender	Orville Taylor (born 11 May 1970) is a retired male sprinter from Jamaica.	Orville Taylor	male
sex or gender	Tia Fuller (born March 27, 1976 in Aurora, Colorado) is a saxophonist, composer, and educator, and a member of the all-female band touring with Beyoncé.	Tia Fuller	female
sex or gender	Aurora Reyes Flores (born in Hidalgo del Parral, September 9, 1908 -- Mexico City, April 26, 1985) was a Mexican painter, as well as the first female exponent of Mexican muralism.	Aurora Reyes Flores	female
sex or gender	Duygu Ulusoy (aka: Duygu Gül Ulusoy; born April 24, 1987 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, West Germany), is a female Turkish skier competing in the alpine discipline.	Duygu Ulusoy	female
sex or gender	Mitch Dielemans (born 6 January 1993 in Geldrop) is a male Dutch recurve archer.	Mitch Dielemans	male
sport	Badureliya Sports Club is a first-class cricket team in Sri Lanka.	Badureliya Sports Club	cricket
sport	Mara Fullin (born in Venice, 13 January 1965) is a former Italian basketball player.	Mara Fullin	basketball
sport	Shi Tingmao (Chinese: 施廷懋; pinyin: Shī Tíngmào; born 31 August 1991) is a Chinese diver representing Chongqing diving team.	Shi Tingmao	diving
sport	Kjøbenhavns Skøjteløberforening (English: Copenhagen Ice Skating Club), commonly known as KSF, are a Danish ice hockey team in Copenhagen currently playing in the third tier Danish ice hockey league, the second division.	Kjøbenhavns Skøjteløberforening	ice hockey
sport	The 2007 Belgian Figure Skating Championships (Dutch: Belgisch Kampioenschap 2007; French: Championnat de Belgique 2007) were the Belgian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Belgian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
spouse	Edward Fitzwilliam (1788--1852) was an actor of Irish descent and the husband of noted actress Fanny Fitzwilliam.	Edward Fitzwilliam	Fanny Fitzwilliam
spouse	Jocelyn Wildenstein married Alec N. Wildenstein when they were both in their 30s.	Jocelyn Wildenstein	Alec N. Wildenstein
spouse	Lillian Hoban (May 18, 1925 -- July 17, 1998) was an American illustrator and children's writer best known for picture books created with other writers including her husband Russell Hoban.	Lillian Hoban	Russell Hoban
spouse	Ebba von Sydow got married to Johan Kleberg in January 2011, the couple live in Stockholm.	Ebba von Sydow	Johan Kleberg
spouse	Empress Xiaomucheng (died 17 February 1808) was the first consort of the Daoguang Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaomucheng	Daoguang Emperor
spouse	Maha el-Samnah (born 1957) has Canadian citizenship and is the widow of Ahmed Khadr, a prominent Egyptian-Canadian who allegedly worked for charities for Afghan refugees and was alleged to have been an al-Qaeda financier.	Maha el-Samnah	Ahmed Khadr
spouse	Jane Howard, Duchess of Norfolk (née Bickerton; 1643/4 - 28 August 1693), was the wife of Henry Howard, 6th Duke of Norfolk.	Jane Howard, Duchess of Norfolk	Henry Howard, 6th Duke of Norfolk
spouse	Elizabeth Glaser (née Meyer; November 11, 1947 -- December 3, 1994) was a major American AIDS activist and child advocate married to actor and director Paul Michael Glaser.	Elizabeth Glaser	Paul Michael Glaser
spouse	In the same Magda Schneider married the Cologne restaurant owner Hans Herbert Blatzheim.	Magda Schneider	Hans Herbert Blatzheim
spouse	Margarethe von der Saale (1522 -- 6 July 1566), was a German lady in waiting and noble, morganatic spouse by bigamy to Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse.	Margarethe von der Saale	Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse
spouse	Véra Nabokov (Russian: Ве́ра Евсе́евна Набо́кова; 5 January 1902 -- 7 April 1991) was the wife, editor, and translator of Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov, and a source of inspiration for many of his works.	Véra Nabokov	Vladimir Nabokov
spouse	Candice Warner is the wife of Australian cricketer David Warner.	Candice Warner	David Warner
spouse	Salomea of Berg (German: Salome von Berg, Polish: Salomea z Bergu; c. 1099/1101 -- 27 July 1144) was a German noblewoman and, by marriage with Prince Bolesław III Wrymouth in 1115, High Duchess of Poland until her husband's death in 1138.	Salomea of Berg	Bolesław III Wrymouth
spouse	Helena, daughter of Alypius was the wife of Constantine VIII, Emperor of Constantinople.	Helena, daughter of Alypius	Constantine VIII
spouse	Mary Ann Angell Young (June 8, 1803 -- June 27, 1882) was the second woman married to Latter Day Saint leader Brigham Young.	Mary Ann Angell	Brigham Young
spouse	Maharani Bamba Duleep Singh (born Bamba Müller; July 6, 1848 -- September 18, 1887) was the wife of Maharaja Duleep Singh.	Bamba Müller	Duleep Singh
spouse	Anne and Viscount Anson were divorced in 1948 and on 16 September 1950 at Glamis Castle she subsequently married Prince George Valdemar of Denmark, upon which she became Princess Anne of Denmark.	Princess Anne of Denmark	Prince George Valdemar of Denmark
spouse	John van Bruggen, a Canadian animation writer and director, is the husband and creative partner of Arna Selznick, the director of 1985's The Care Bears Movie.	John van Bruggen	Arna Selznick
spouse	Margaret Fownes-Luttrell (7 February 1726 -- 13 August 1766) was an English artist and wife of Henry Fownes Luttrell.	Margaret Fownes-Luttrell	Henry Fownes Luttrell
spouse	Anna van Egmont (March 1533 -- 24 March 1558) was a wealthy Dutch heiress who became the first wife of William the Silent, Prince of Orange.	Anna van Egmont	William the Silent
spouse	Ebbe Rode was married to actress Helle Virkner.	Ebbe Rode	Helle Virkner
spouse	Margaret of Prades (1388/95 -- 23 July 1429) was the queen consort of Aragon as a wife of the King Martin of Aragon.	Margaret of Prades	Martin of Aragon
spouse	Maud de Ufford, Countess of Oxford (1345/1346 -- 25 January 1413) was a wealthy English noblewoman and the wife of Thomas de Vere, 8th Earl of Oxford.	Maud de Ufford, Countess of Oxford	Thomas de Vere, 8th Earl of Oxford
spouse	Dod Procter RA (born Doris Margaret Shaw, 1890--1972) was an English artist, and wife of artist Ernest Procter.	Dod Procter	Ernest Procter
spouse	During the Revolution, Suharto married Siti Hartinah (known as Madam Tien), the daughter of a minor noble in the Mangkunegaran royal house of Solo.	Suharto	Siti Hartinah
spouse	Fred Raul (March 20, 1913 -- August 25, 1985), born Alois Greschitz, was an Austrian actor of Hungarian origin, best known for his marriage in 1968 to actress Marika Rökk.	Fred Raul	Marika Rökk
spouse	She married the conductor and singing teacher Olaus Andreas Grøndahl in 1875, and was generally known thereafter as Agathe Backer-Grøndahl.	Agathe Backer-Grøndahl	Olaus Andreas Grøndahl
spouse	Mabel FitzRobert, Countess of Gloucester (1090 -- 29 September 1157) was an Anglo-Norman noblewoman, and a wealthy heiress who brought the lordship of Gloucester, among other prestigious honours to her husband, Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester upon their marriage.	Mabel FitzRobert, Countess of Gloucester	Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester
spouse	Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah died on 15th Aug 1960, according to her tombstone in the Muslim section of the cemetery at Brookwood, Woking, Surrey, England where she, Ikbal Ali-Shah and other members of the Shah family are buried.	Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah	Ikbal Ali-Shah
spouse	Born in Rio de Janeiro, Letícia Persiles has a son with her husband, the director Luiz Fernando Carvalho, who she met for the first time during the filming of the 2008 miniseries Capitu.	Letícia Persiles	Luiz Fernando Carvalho
spouse	Aelia Paetina or Paetina (fl. early 1st century CE) was the second wife of the Roman Emperor Claudius.	Aelia Paetina	Claudius
spouse	Elizabeth Lilburne (fl. 1641--1660), born Elizabeth Dewell, was a Leveller and the wife of John Lilburne.	Elizabeth Lilburne	John Lilburne
spouse	Maïwenn later had a son, Diego, with her second ex-husband, real estate developer Jean-Yves Le Fur, the former fiancé of Karen Mulder.	Maïwenn	Jean-Yves Le Fur
spouse	In 1875, Henri Fantin-Latour married a fellow painter, Victoria Dubourg, after which he spent his summers on the country estate of his wife's family at Buré, Orne in Lower Normandy, where he died on 25 August 1904.	Henri Fantin-Latour	Victoria Dubourg
spouse	Marie de' Medici (French: Marie de Médicis, Italian: Maria de' Medici; 26 April 1575 -- 3 July 1642) was Queen of France as the second wife of King Henry IV of France, of the House of Bourbon.	Marie de' Medici	Henry IV of France
spouse	Paolo Pasquale Peschisolido (born 25 May 1971), commonly known as Paul Peschisolido, is a Canadian association football manager and former player, and husband of Karren Brady, Baroness Brady.	Paul Peschisolido	Karren Brady
spouse	She was once married to television personality Geraldo Rivera and has published under the names ``Edith Vonnegut'', ``Edith Vonnegut Rivera'' and ``Edith Vonnegut Squibb''.	Edith Vonnegut	Geraldo Rivera
spouse	She married Count Petar Zrinski of the House of Zrinski in 1641 and later became known as Katarina Zrinska.	Katarina Zrinska	Petar Zrinski
spouse	Consort Yujiulü (郁久閭椒房, personal name unknown) (died 452), formally Empress Gong (恭皇后, literally ``the respectful empress''), was a consort of Tuoba Huang (Crown Prince Jingmu), a crown prince of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.	Consort Yujiulü	Tuoba Huang
spouse	Plectrude (or Plectrudis) (died 717) was the consort of Pepin of Herstal, the mayor of the palace and duke of the Franks, from about 670.	Plectrude	Pepin of Herstal
spouse	Frederick Kagan is married to Kimberly Kagan, president of the Institute for the Study of War.	Frederick Kagan	Kimberly Kagan
spouse	Alex van Warmerdam is married to Dutch actress Annet Malherbe, who also plays parts in most of his films.	Alex van Warmerdam	Annet Malherbe
spouse	Li Shuxian aka Li Shu-Hsien (李淑賢; pinyin: Lĭ Shūxían) (1925 -- 9 June 1997) was the fifth and last wife of Puyi, the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty in China.	Li Shuxian	Puyi
spouse	Radhika Roy founded NDTV in 1988 along with Prannoy Roy.	Radhika Roy	Prannoy Roy
spouse	Gertrude of Bavaria and Saxony (1152/55--1197) was a German noble, a duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Frederick IV, Duke of Swabia, and a Danish Queen consort as the spouse of King Canute VI of Denmark.	Gertrude of Bavaria	Frederick IV, Duke of Swabia	Canute VI of Denmark
spouse	Jan Inge Hovig married the television chef Ingrid Espelid Hovig in June 1977, just one week after the wedding ceremony he died of myocardial infarction	Jan Inge Hovig	Ingrid Espelid Hovig
spouse	Michael IX Palaiologos married Rita of Armenia (renamed Maria, later nun Xene), daughter of King Leo III of Armenia and Queen Keran of Armenia on 16 January 1294.	Michael IX Palaiologos	Rita of Armenia
spouse	Empress Li Fengniang (1144--1200) was a Chinese Empress consort of the Song Dynasty, married to Emperor Guangzong of Song.	Empress Li Fengniang	Emperor Guangzong of Song
spouse	Princess Ingeborg Magnusdotter of Sweden, (b. 1277, Sweden -- d. 5 April or 15 August 1319), was a Danish queen consort, daughter of king Magnus III of Sweden and wife of king Eric VI of Denmark.	Ingeborg Magnusdotter of Sweden	Eric VI of Denmark
spouse	Adelaide Gail Zappa (née Sloatman; January 1, 1945 -- October 7, 2015) was the wife of musician and composer Frank Zappa and the trustee of the Zappa Family Trust.	Gail Zappa	Frank Zappa
spouse	Olivia Langdon Clemens (November 27, 1845 -- June 5, 1904) was the wife of the famous American author Samuel Langhorne Clemens, better known as Mark Twain.	Olivia Langdon Clemens	Mark Twain
spouse	Alice Dudley, Duchess of Dudley (née Leigh; 1579 -- 22 January 1669), also known as Duchess Dudley, was the second wife of the explorer Sir Robert Dudley.	Alice Dudley, Duchess of Dudley	Robert Dudley
taxon rank	Kamptobaatar is a Mongolian mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous.	Kamptobaatar	genus
taxon rank	Acanthogonatus confusus is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina and Chile, its name referring to the confusion between this species and A. subcalpeianus.	Acanthogonatus confusus	species
taxon rank	Lactarius vinaceorufescens, commonly known as the yellow-staining milkcap or the yellow-latex milky, is a poisonous species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.	Lactarius vinaceorufescens	species
taxon rank	Micranthes ferruginea is a species of saxifrage known by the common names russethair saxifrage and rusty saxifrage.	Micranthes ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Notocrater craticulatus is a southern, cold-water, deepwater species of limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudococculinidae, one of the families of false limpets.	Notocrater craticulatus	species
voice type	Geraldine Farrar (February 28, 1882 -- March 11, 1967) was an American soprano opera singer and film actress, noted for her beauty, acting ability, and ``the intimate timbre of her voice.''	Geraldine Farrar	soprano
voice type	Emma Nevada (née Wixom) (7 February 1859 -- 20 June 1940) was an American operatic soprano particularly known for her performances in operas by Bellini and Donizetti and the French composers Ambroise Thomas, Charles Gounod, and Léo Delibes.	Emma Nevada	soprano
voice type	David Banderali (Palazzolo sull'Oglio, January 12, 1789 - Paris, 13 June 1849) was an Italian tenor, popular in France in the nineteenth century.	David Banderali	tenor
voice type	Aida Navarro (born October 17, 1937), is a Venezuelan mezzo soprano, born in Caracas.	Aida Navarro	mezzo soprano
voice type	Emil Scaria (September 18, 1838 -- July 23, 1886) was an Austrian bass-baritone.	Emil Scaria	bass
