constellation	HD 126271 is a suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 126271	Boötes
languages spoken or written	Paolo Matthiae (born 1940) is an Italian archaeologist.	Paolo Matthiae	Italian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duhamel-Ouest is a municipality in northwestern Quebec, Canada in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality.	Duhamel-Ouest	Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prusaki (pruˈsaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Prusaki	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tybory-Jeziernia (tɨˈbɔrɨ jɛˈʑɛrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tybory-Jeziernia	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piątkowiec (pjɔntˈkɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Piątkowiec	Gmina Wadowice Górne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop's Caundle is a small village and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset in South West England; situated 6 miles (9.7 km) south-east of Sherborne.	Bishop's Caundle	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montrachet is located in the south of the Côte de Beaune, which is the southern half of the Côte d'Or, which in turn is the most important of the several wine producing subregions of Burgundy.	Montrachet	Côte d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardameh (Persian: پردمه‎) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pardameh	Larijan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The church of Santi Venanzio e Ansovino was situated near the Capitoline Hill in Rome.	Santi Venanzio e Ansovino	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collingswood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Collingswood, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Collingswood Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świeciny (ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Świeciny	Gmina Łanięta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinpurnie Castle is a stately home located close to Newtyle, near Blairgowrie, Angus in Scotland.	Kinpurnie Castle	Newtyle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fan Leng Lau (Chinese: 粉嶺樓) is a village in Fanling, the north district of the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Fan Leng Lau	Hong Kong
named after	The Rocky Mountain elk (Cervus elaphus) is a subspecies of elk found in the Rocky Mountains and adjacent ranges of Western North America.	Rocky Mountain elk	Rocky Mountains
narrative location	Dances with Dragon is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Sharla Cheung.	Dances with Dragon	Hong Kong
participant of	Emily Halliday (born 5 April 1979) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Emily Halliday	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
publication date	Cappy Ricks Returns is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Mack V. Wright and written by George Waggner.	Cappy Ricks Returns	1935
publisher	Sycamore Review is an American literary journal based at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana.	Sycamore Review	Purdue University
sex or gender	Tang Lingsheng (born 1971 in Lingui, Guangxi) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Tang Lingsheng	male
