conflict	Anton Irv VR I/2, VR II/2, VR II/3 (17 September 1886 -- 27 April 1919) was a highly decorated Estonian combat soldier and military officer during World War I and in the Estonian War of Independence.	Anton Irv	World War I	Estonian War of Independence
conflict	Naser Orić (born 3 March 1967) is a former Bosnian military officer who commanded Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (ARBiH) forces in the Srebrenica enclave in eastern Bosnia surrounded by Bosnian Serb forces, during the Bosnian War.	Naser Orić	Bosnian War
conflict	Stabfeldwebel Johann Risztics (aka Janos Risztics) was the Austro-Hungarian World War I flying ace credited with seven reliably confirmed aerial victories.	Johann Risztics	World War I
conflict	Sergeant Frank Potter (1891 -- 11 September 1917) was a British World War I observer who became a flying ace, being credited with seven aerial victories.	Frank Potter	World War I
conflict	General Sir Ouvry Lindfield Roberts GCB KBE DSO (3 April 1898 -- 16 March 1986) was an officer in the British Army and the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.	Ouvry Lindfield Roberts	World War I
conflict	James E. Croft (November 13, 1833 -- May 26, 1914) was a soldier in the Union Army during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Allatoona.	James E. Croft	American Civil War	Battle of Allatoona
conflict	Georg Stumme (29 July 1886 -- 24 October 1942) was a World War II German general most notable for his brief command of the Axis forces at the beginning of the Second Battle of El Alamein.	Georg Stumme	World War II
conflict	Joachim Pötter (1 January 1913 -- 17 November 19921992) was a German World War II bomber pilot.	Joachim Pötter	World War II
conflict	Stapleton Crutchfield served as a Confederate artillerist in the American Civil War.	Stapleton Crutchfield	American Civil War
conflict	Ralph Puckett Jr. (born 8 December 1926 in Tifton, Georgia) led the Eighth Army Ranger Company during the Korean War.	Ralph Puckett	Korean War
conflict	Frank Glasgow Tinker (July 14, 1909 -- June 13, 1939) was an American mercenary fighter pilot for the Spanish Republican Air Force, during the Spanish Civil War.	Frank Glasgow Tinker	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Thomas Holland, 1st Earl of Kent, 2nd Baron Holand, KG (c. 1314 -- 26 December 1360) was an English nobleman and military commander during the Hundred Years' War.	Thomas Holland, 1st Earl of Kent	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Sir Robert Barrie KCB, KCH (5 May 1774 -- 7 June 1841) was a British officer of the Royal Navy noted for his service in the War of 1812.	Robert Barrie	War of 1812
conflict	During his Luftwaffe career, Wilhelm Balthasar was credited with 47 victories, including 7 in the Spanish Civil War, and 13 destroyed on the ground.	Wilhelm Balthasar	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Cyrus Bussey (October 5, 1833 -- March 2, 1915) was an American soldier and politician, serving as a Brigadier General in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Cyrus Bussey	American Civil War
conflict	Captain Saurabh Kalia (1976--1999) was an officer of the Indian Army who was killed during the Kargil War while being held as a prisoner of war by the Pakistani security forces.	Saurabh Kalia	Kargil War
conflict	Trịnh Thị Ngọ (born in 1931), also known as Hanoi Hannah, is a Vietnamese radio personality best known for her work during the Vietnam War, when she made English-language broadcasts for North Vietnam directed at US troops.	Hanoi Hannah	Vietnam War
conflict	Robert Elliott Burns (May 10, 1892 -- June 5, 1955) was a World War I veteran who gained notoriety after escaping from a Georgia chain gang and writing his memoirs, I Am a Fugitive from a Georgia Chain Gang!, exposing the cruelty and injustice of the chain gang system.	Robert Elliott Burns	World War I
conflict	USS Bibb (1853) was a Coast Survey vessel that performed survey work during the American Civil War.	USS Bibb (1853)	American Civil War
conflict	Leutnant Wilhelm Fahlbusch was an early World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories, shared with his observer Hans Rosencrantz.	Wilhelm Fahlbusch	World War I
conflict	Mario Berti (1881--1964) was an Italian officer during World War I and a general in the Spanish Civil War and World War II.	Mario Berti	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Jean Baptiste Joseph, chevalier de Laumoy (1750--1832) French engineer, fought in the American Revolutionary War, and was on the staff of Lafayette and was captured with him, by the Austrians.	Jean Baptiste Joseph, chevalier de Laumoy	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Heinrich Hartmann Wirz better known as Henry Wirz (November 25, 1823 -- November 10, 1865) was a Swiss-born Confederate officer in the American Civil War.	Henry Wirz	American Civil War
conflict	Anthony Swofford (born August 12, 1970) is an American writer and former U.S. Marine, best known for his 2003 book Jarhead, based heavily on his accounts of various situations encountered in the Persian Gulf War.	Anthony Swofford	Gulf War
conflict	Simo Kecojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Симо Кецојевић; 1888--1953) was a Serbian freedom fighter, having participated in the irregular guerrilla forces in the Kosovo Vilayet between 1910 and 1912, then as regular soldier in the Balkan Wars, World War I and World War II.	Simo Kecojević	World War I
conflict	The 15th (Scottish) Infantry Division was an infantry division of the British Army that served with distinction in both World War I and World War II. In the Great War the 15th (Scottish) Division was formed from men volunteering for Kitchener's New Armies and served on the Western Front for three years.	15th (Scottish) Infantry Division	World War I
conflict	Nantaje (fl. 1872 -- 1875), also called Nantahe, was an Apache Indian scout in the U.S. Army who served under Lieutenant Colonel George Crook during the Apache Wars.	Nantaje	Apache Wars
conflict	During World War II, Rudolf Scheffel was credited 7 aerial victories and the destruction of 50+ tanks in 259 missions.	Rudolf Scheffel	World War II
conflict	Hans-Hermann Sturm (12 June 1917 -- 24 October 2012) was an Hauptmann (captain) in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany.	Hans-Hermann Sturm	World War II
conflict	The Black Spectre was Carson Knowles, a Vietnam War veteran whose father was a politician.	Black Spectre	Vietnam War
conflict	USS Auk (AM-38) was an Lapwing-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy after World War I for the task of removing mines that had been placed during the war.	USS Auk (AM-38)	World War I
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel Duncan Frederick Campbell, DSO (28 April 1876 Simcoe, Ontario -- 4 September 1916) was Unionist MP for North Ayrshire who died in World War I. He served with the Lancashire Fusiliers in the Second Boer War 1899--1901, and was present at the Relief of Ladysmith.	Duncan Frederick Campbell	Second Boer War
conflict	John Schiller (March 7, 1830 -- June 3, 1926) (born John Schilling) was an enlisted soldier in the U.S. Army during the American Civil War.	John Schiller	American Civil War
conflict	At the beginning of the Cambodian-- Vietnamese War, Lê Trọng Tấn was commander of Vietnamese armed forces in the southern border of Vietnam from December 1978 to February 1979.	Lê Trọng Tấn	Cambodian-- Vietnamese War
conflict	Karl Weniger (24 May 1899 -- 1 October 1941) was a Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a posthumous recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Karl Weniger	World War II
conflict	Rudolf Hallensleben (2 June 1916 -- 19 April 1945) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Rudolf Hallensleben	World War II
conflict	Marcus Claudius Marcellus (/mɑrˈsɛləs/; c. 268 -- 208 BC), five times elected as consul of the Roman Republic, was an important Roman military leader during the Gallic War of 225 BC and the Second Punic War.	Marcus Claudius Marcellus	Second Punic War
conflict	François Joseph Lefebvre (/ˈlˌfɛvrə/; 25 October 1755 -- 14 September 1820), Duc de Dantzig, was a French military commander during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and one of the original eighteen Marshals of the Empire created by Napoleon.	François Joseph Lefebvre	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Count of the Empire Pierre-Louis Dupas (1761--1823) was a French soldier who rose to prominence during the French Revolutionary Wars, was noted for his association with Napoleon Bonaparte, and rose to the top military rank of General of Division during the Napoleonic Wars.	Pierre-Louis Dupas	French Revolutionary Wars	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Jean de Clermont (d. 19 September 1356), Lord of Chantilly and of Beaumont, was a Marshal of France (1352) who was killed fighting in the Hundred Years' War at the Battle of Poitiers.	Jean de Clermont	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Admiral Sir Charles Adam, FRSE KCB (6 October 1780 -- 19 September 1853) was a British naval officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars.	Charles Adam	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Maurice Challe (5 September 1905 -- 18 January 1979) was a French general during the Algerian War, one of four generals who took part in the Algiers putsch.	Maurice Challe	Algerian War
continent	Jeffries Peak (64°43′S 62°0′W) is a peak standing southward of Wilhelmina Bay, between Leonardo Glacier and Blanchard Glacier on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Jeffries Peak	Antarctica
continent	Berkner Bank (75°S 48°W) is an undersea bank in the Weddell Sea named after Lloyd V. Berkner, an engineer who sailed with Admiral Byrd on the Byrd Antarctic Expedition to Antarctica, 1928--1930.	Berkner Bank	Antarctica
continent	Morris Cliff (80°20′S 81°49′W) is a steep, east-facing cliff between the Marble Hills and Independence Hills in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Morris Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Henderson Hill (77°34′21``S 163°11′27''E) is an ice free summit 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) northeast of Mount Falconer, rising to 700 metres (2,300 ft) on the north side of Taylor Valley in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Henderson Hill	Antarctica
continent	The Wilkes Basin is a large subglacial basin situated generally southward of George V Coast and westward of Prince Albert Mountains in East Antarctica.	Wilkes Basin	Antarctica
continent	Holoviak Glacier (71°22′S 72°9′W) is a glacier flowing west into the head of Mendelssohn Inlet, facing towards the Wilkins Ice Shelf on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula, lying in the southwestern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Holoviak Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Collins Point is a small but prominent headland 1.4 km (0.87 mi) west-south-west of Fildes Point, on the south side of Port Foster, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Collins Point	Antarctica
continent	Belimel Bay (Bulgarian: залив Белимел, ``Zaliv Belimel'' \'za-liv 'be-li-mel\) is a 5.9 km wide bay indenting for 3.9 km the southwest coast of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Belimel Bay	Antarctica
continent	Krakken Mountain (71°32′S 12°9′E) is a mountain 1 nautical mile (2 km) north of Sandseten Mountain and just northwest of Gneysovaya Peak in the Westliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains, Antarctica.	Krakken Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Marie Byrd Land is the portion of West Antarctica lying east of the Ross Ice Shelf and the Ross Sea and south of the Pacific Ocean, extending eastward approximately to a line between the head of the Ross Ice Shelf and Eights Coast.	Marie Byrd Land	Antarctica
continent	The Mayer Crags (84°53′S 168°45′W) form a rugged V-shaped massif in Antarctica.	Mayer Crags	Antarctica
continent	Grimley Glacier (69°9′S 64°40′W) is a tributary glacier, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, lying 3 nautical miles north of Sunfix Glacier and flowing east-northeast into Casey Glacier in northern Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Grimley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kendall Basin (80°15′S 25°39′W) is an ice-free cirque at the northwest end of the Herbert Mountains, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Kendall Basin	Antarctica
continent	Lesidren Island (Bulgarian: остров Лесидрен, ``Ostrov Lesidren'' 'os-trov 'le-si-dren) is the second largest and southernmost island in the Zed group off the north coast of Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Lesidren Island	Antarctica
continent	Meserve Glacier (77°32′S 162°21′E) is a hanging glacier on the south wall of Wright Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica, between Bartley Glacier and Hart Glacier.	Meserve Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lyddan Island is an ice-covered island located at the southwestern extremity of the Riiser-Larsen Ice Shelf, separating it from the Brunt Ice Shelf, about 20 nautical miles (37 km) off the Princess Martha Coast of Antarctica.	Lyddan Island	Antarctica
continent	The Dwyer Nunataks (68°13′S 58°27′E) are a scattered group of low peaks and ridges about 6 nautical miles (11 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, lying 2 nautical miles (4 km) southeast of Mount Gjeita in the Hansen Mountains of Antarctica.	Dwyer Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Lagarrigue Cove (64°39′S 62°34′W) is a small cove south of Spigot Peak, Errera Channel, on the Danco Coast of Antarctica.	Lagarrigue Cove	Antarctica
continent	The Huldreskorvene Peaks (72°0′S 6°5′E) are a group of summit peaks and crags just north of Skorvehalsen Saddle and west of Tussenobba Peak in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Huldreskorvene Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Kulen Mountain (72°39′S 3°18′W) is a projecting-type mountain on the northwest side of Jøkulskarvet Ridge, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kulen Mountain	Antarctica
continent	McLeod Massif (70°46′S 68°0′E) is a large rock massif just south of Manning Massif in the eastern part of the Aramis Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	McLeod Massif	Antarctica
continent	Bebresh Point (Bulgarian: нос Бебреш, ``Nos Bebresh'' \'nos 'be-bresh\) is a point projecting 1.3 km from the northwest coast of Liège Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica forming the north side of the entrance to Palakariya Cove and the west side of the entrance to Boisguehenneuc Bay.	Bebresh Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Dickerson is a prominent mountain, standing 6 km (4 mi) east of Mount Kirkpatrick in the Queen Alexandra Range in East Antarctica.	Mount Dickerson	Antarctica
continent	Mount Insel (77°23′37``S 161°30′21''E) is the highest point in the northeastern part of the Insel Range, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Insel	Antarctica
continent	Mount Feola (77°30′S 162°37′E) is a mountain rising to 1,800 metres (5,900 ft) at the head of Denton Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Feola	Antarctica
continent	Davis Anchorage (68°34′S 77°55′E) is an anchorage in Antarctica about 1 nautical mile (2 km) in extent with general depths of 10 to 13 fathoms (18 to 24 m), lying off Breidnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills.	Davis Anchorage	Antarctica
continent	Dugdale Glacier (71°38′S 169°50′E) is a glacier about 25 nautical miles (46 km) long, draining northeast from the Admiralty Mountains into Robertson Bay on the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Dugdale Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Klakkane Islands are a group of small islands lying 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) east of Farrington Island in the William Scoresby Archipelago, Antarctica.	Klakkane Islands	Antarctica
continent	Hargrave Hill (64°1′S 60°11′W) is a hill at the south side of Wright Ice Piedmont, 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the mouth of Henson Glacier, in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hargrave Hill	Antarctica
continent	Kalafut Nunatak (77°46′S 145°36′W) is a nunatak which marks the southeast end of the Haines Mountains, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Kalafut Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Alvarez Glacier (70°53′S 162°20′E) is a tributary glacier in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains in Antarctica.	Alvarez Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mason Spur (78°33′S 164°25′E) is an elevated spur, partially ice-covered and over 1,300 metres (4,300 ft) high, which projects eastward from Mount Morning in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mason Spur	Antarctica
continent	Knallen Peak (72°16′S 3°56′W) is a small rock peak 2 nautical miles (4 km) west of Pyramiden Nunatak, at the east side of the head of Schytt Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Knallen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lenfant Bluff (70°22′S 160°3′E) is a rock bluff marking the south side of the mouth of Svendsen Glacier, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.	Lenfant Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The Mixon Rocks (76°43′S 159°23′E) are rock outcrops about 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) west of Gadarene Ridge in the Allan Hills of Oates Land, Antarctica.	Mixon Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Mattox Bastion (77°38′S 160°56′E) is one of the peaks of the Inland Forts, surmounting the northeastern part of Flory Cirque in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mattox Bastion	Antarctica
continent	Phelps Promontory (62°28′55``S 60°7′15''W) is a large ice piedmont promontory forming the north extremity of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica north of Zhelyava Hill.	Phelps Promontory	Antarctica
continent	Manna Glacier (69°45′S 159°40′E) is a broad depression-glacier located north of Stevenson Bluff and Mount Steele in the Wilson Hills of Antarctica.	Manna Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Guyou Islands (65°3′S 63°24′W) are a small group of islands lying 3 km (2 mi) northeast of Sonia Point in Flandres Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Guyou Islands	Antarctica
continent	Rwanda (/ruːˈɑːndə/ or /ruːˈændə/ ( listen); Kinyarwanda: U Rwanda (u.ɾɡwanda)), officially the Republic of Rwanda (Kinyarwanda: Repubulika y'u Rwanda; French: République du Rwanda), is a sovereign state in central and east Africa and one of the smallest countries on the African mainland.	Rwanda	Africa
continent	Albone Glacier (64°13′S 59°42′W) is a deeply entrenched narrow glacier on the east side of Wolseley Buttress flowing southward from Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Albone Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Prydz Bay is a deep embayment of Antarctica between the Lars Christensen Coast and Ingrid Christensen Coast.	Prydz Bay	Antarctica
continent	Havola Escarpment is an isolated, snow-covered escarpment about 30 nautical miles (60 km) northwest of the Thiel Mountains in Antarctica.	Havola Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	Gauntlet Ridge is a flat-topped, mainly ice-covered ridge, or peninsula, which separates the mouths of Nascent Glacier and Ridgeway Glacier where they discharge into Lady Newnes Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gauntlet Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Macalester (79°41′S 84°20′W) is a prominent peak rising to 2,480 metres (8,140 ft) in the central part of the Soholt Peaks, Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Macalester	Antarctica
continent	Mount Etchells (80°17′S 28°20′W) is one of the La Grange Nunataks in the Shackleton Range of Antarctica, rising to about 900 metres (3,000 ft) to the west of Mount Beney.	Mount Etchells	Antarctica
continent	McCarroll Peak (66°3′S 62°46′W) is a rock peak, 1,105 metres (3,625 ft) high, standing at the south side of Richthofen Pass on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	McCarroll Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kinsella Peak is a peak along the south side of Gale Ridge, 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Mount Cowart, in the Neptune Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Kinsella Peak	Antarctica
continent	Davies Bay (69°18′S 158°34′E) is a bay on the coast, 10 nautical miles (19 km) wide, between Drake Head and Cape Kinsey, Antarctica.	Davies Bay	Antarctica
continent	Halpern Point (63°18′S 57°50′W) is a point on the northern coast of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica, directly south of the eastern part of the Duroch Islands.	Halpern Point	Antarctica
continent	East Egerton (80°50′S 158°6′E) is a prominent peak, 2,815 metres (9,240 ft) high, rising 2 nautical miles (4 km) east of Mount Egerton in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	East Egerton	Antarctica
continent	Cape Marsh (65°15′S 59°28′W) is a prominent cape consisting of a rock cliff over 235 metres (770 ft) high, marking the southeastern extremity of Robertson Island on the edge of the Larsen Ice Shelf off Antarctica.	Cape Marsh	Antarctica
continent	The Recovery Glacier (81°10′S 28°00′W) is a glacier flowing west along the southern side of the Shackleton Range in Antarctica.	Recovery Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The David Range (67°54′S 62°30′E) is a mountain range 5 miles (8 km) west of the Masson Range, which it parallels, in the Framnes Mountains of Antarctica.	David Range	Antarctica
continent	Tangra Mountains (in Bulgarian Тангра планина, 'Tangra planina' \'tan-gra pla-ni-'na\) (62°40′00``S 60°06′00''W) form the principal mountain range of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Tangra Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Mount Matthias (71°13′S 164°41′E) is a mountain rising to 1,610 metres (5,280 ft) 2 nautical miles (4 km) east-northeast of Mount Dockery in the Everett Range of the Concord Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Matthias	Antarctica
continent	Grindley Plateau (84°9′S 166°5′E) is a high icecapped plateau in the central Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica, bordered by the peaks of Mount Mackellar, Mount Bell and Mount Kirkpatrick.	Grindley Plateau	Antarctica
continent	Kottmeier Mesa (77°39′S 162°9′E) is a prominent 2,120-metre (6,960 ft) high mesa, 2.8 nautical miles (5.2 km) northwest of Mount J. J. Thomson in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kottmeier Mesa	Antarctica
continent	Mount McMahon (70°52′S 65°9′E) is a mountain about 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Mount Bewsher in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount McMahon	Antarctica
continent	Hetty Rock is the largest of several rocks in Walker Bay off John Beach in western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Hetty Rock	Antarctica
continent	Planet Heights (71°13′S 68°47′W) is a series of summits running along an ice-free ridge, extending 24 nautical miles (44 km) in a north-south direction between the southernmost extremity of the LeMay Range and George VI Sound in the east part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Planet Heights	Antarctica
continent	Mineral Hill (63°29′S 57°3′W) is a round-topped hill, 445 metres (1,460 ft) high, with ice-free, talus-covered slopes, standing 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) west of Trepassey Bay on Tabarin Peninsula, Antarctica.	Mineral Hill	Antarctica
continent	Cheal Point is a rocky headland 2 km (1.2 mi) east-south-east of Return Point, the south-western extremity of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Cheal Point	Antarctica
continent	Lockyer Island is an island 2.5 mi long, lying off the south shore of James Ross Island in the SW entrance to Admiralty Sound in Antarctica.	Lockyer Island	Antarctica
continent	Breaker Island is a small rocky island lying in Arthur Harbour close south-west of Norsel Point, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Breaker Island	Antarctica
continent	Ferguslie Peninsula is a peninsula 2.4 km (1.5 mi) long, lying between Browns Bay and Macdougal Bay on the north coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Ferguslie Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Dennistoun Glacier is a glacier, 50 miles (80 km) long, draining the northern slopes of Mounts Black Prince, Royalist and Adam in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land in Antarctica.	Dennistoun Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lunar Crag (71°8′S 68°42′W) is one of the rock-exposed summits within the Planet Heights mountain range, rising to about 1,200 metres (4,000 ft) at the head of Pluto Glacier on the east side of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Lunar Crag	Antarctica
continent	Melcon Peak (77°27′S 160°25′E) is an ice-covered peak rising to 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) 1.1 nautical miles (2 km) south of Shapeless Mountain in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Melcon Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Yamato Glacier (71°25′S 35°35′E) is a glacier about 6 miles (10 km) wide, flowing west between Mount Fukushima and Mount Eyskens in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica.	Yamato Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Sitalk Peak (Vrah Sitalk \'vr&h si-'talk\) is a rocky peak of elevation 600 m in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sitalk Peak	Antarctica
continent	Due to its position in Central Asia, Tashkent came under Sogdian and Turkic influence early in its history, before Islam in the 8th century AD.	Tashkent	Asia
continent	Kannheiser Glacier (72°10′S 101°42′W) is a glacier about 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, lying 12 nautical miles (22 km) east-southeast of Cape Flying Fish on Thurston Island, Antarctica, and flowing south into the Abbot Ice Shelf.	Kannheiser Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hanka Island (64°51′S 62°49′W) is a small island lying near the head of Leith Cove, Paradise Harbor, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hanka Island	Antarctica
country	Kachachkut (Armenian: Կաճաճկուտ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Kachachkut	Armenia
country	Kučaj mountains (Serbian Cyrillic: Кучајске планине) is a mountain range in eastern Serbia.	Kučaj mountains	Serbia
country	Silkeborg is located in the middle of the Jutlandic peninsula, slightly west of the geographical centre of Denmark.	Silkeborg	Denmark
country	Arginia (Greek: Αργίνια) is a small village in the southern part of the island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Arginia	Greece
country	Shadalafiya is a district in Kagarko Local Government Area of Kaduna State, Nigeria.	Shadalafiya	Nigeria
country	Shogadoev (Persian: شاه‌گدایف ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Shogadoev	Tajikistan
country	Chrysiliou (Greek: Χρυσηλιού; Turkish: Yuvacık) is a small village in Cyprus, east of Morphou.	Chrysiliou	Cyprus
country	Brzeg Castle is located in Brzeg, Opole Voivodeship, within the Silesia region of Poland.	Brzeg Castle	Poland
country	The Óbuda University (Hungarian: Óbudai Egyetem, Latin: Universitas Budensis) named after Óbuda, a part of Budapest, is a technical university in Budapest, Hungary.	Óbuda University	Hungary
country	Thimlich Ohinga is complex of stone-built ruins in Migori county, Western Kenya, in East Africa.	Thimlich Ohinga	Kenya
country	Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh (Persian: آستانه اشرفيه‎, also Romanized as Āstāneh-ye Ashrafīyeh; also known as Astane and Āstāneh) is a city in and the capital of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh	Iran
country	Robat-e Toroq (Persian: رباط طرق‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Ţoroq; also known as Ribāt-i-Turuq and Akbarābād-e Ţoroq) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Toroq	Iran
country	Bras Basah MRT Station (CC2) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in the Museum Planning Area of Singapore, surrounded by the Singapore Management University.	Bras Basah MRT Station	Singapore
country	Miandoab (Persian: مياندوآب‎; also Romanized as Mīāndoāb, Meyāndoāb, Mīāndowāb, Mīāndow Āb, Mīāndūāb, Mīyāndoāb, and Miyāndūāb; Azerbaijani: قوشاچای - Qoşaçay) is a city in and the capital of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Miandoab	Iran
country	The Château de Conches-en-Ouche is a ruined castle in the commune of Conches-en-Ouche in the Eure département of France, demolished in the 16th century.	Château de Conches-en-Ouche	France
country	Owaraha or Owa Raha (also known as Santa Ana) is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in Makira-Ulawa Province.	Owaraha	Solomon Islands
country	Frías District is one of ten districts of the Ayabaca province in Peru.	Frías District	Peru
country	Makrakomi (Greek: Μακρακώμη) is a town and a municipality in the western part of the Phthiotis regional unit in Greece.	Makrakomi	Greece
country	The Veckerhagen Ferry is a cable ferry across the Weser River in Germany.	Veckerhagen Ferry	Germany
country	Bourgogne-Franche-Comté (sometimes abbreviated BFC) is a new Region of France created by the territorial reform of French Regions in 2014 by the merger of Burgundy, and Franche-Comté.	Bourgogne-Franche-Comté	France
country	Kuleh Jaz (Persian: كوله جاز‎, also Romanized as Kūleh Jāz; also known as Kooljaz, Kūleh Jār, and Kūlī Jāz) is a village in Sardarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuleh Jaz	Iran
country	CFRA is a conservative talk radio station in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, owned by Bell Media.	CFRA	Canada
country	Saraswathi Mahal Library or Tanjore Maharaja Serfoji's Sarasvati Mahal Library is located in Thanjavur (Tanjore), Tamil Nadu, India.	Saraswathi Mahal Library	India
country	The Cornishman is a weekly newspaper based in Penzance, Cornwall, United Kingdom which was first published on 18 July 1878.	The Cornishman	United Kingdom
country	Surakarta (Hanacaraka: ꦯꦸꦫꦏꦂꦠ, often called Solo and less commonly Sala) is a city in Central Java, Indonesia of more than 499,337 people with a population density of 10,853 people/km2.	Surakarta	Indonesia
country	Namatakula is a village located in Fiji at 18°13′45``S 177°46′59''E on the Coral Coast.	Namatakula	Fiji
country	Ruacana is a town in Omusati Region, northern Namibia and the district capital of the Ruacana electoral constituency.	Ruacana	Namibia
country	Karakaralong Islands is a group of seismically active islands in Indonesia closest to Mindanao, Philippines.	Karakaralong Islands	Indonesia
country	Aorangi School was located in the suburb of Bryndwr in Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand.	Aorangi School	New Zealand
country	Institute of Technology, Tralee (ITT or IT Tralee) is a third-level educational institution located in Tralee, County Kerry, Ireland.	Institute of Technology, Tralee	Ireland
country	The Shura Council (Arabic: مجلس الشورى‎, pronounced (ˈmæɡles eʃˈʃuːɾˤɑ), ``consultative council'') was the upper house of the formerly bicameral Parliament of Egypt.	Shura Council	Egypt
country	Tripyla (Greek: Τριπύλα) is a former community in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Tripyla	Greece
country	Burgruine Goldenstein is a castle in Carinthia, Austria.	Burgruine Goldenstein	Austria
country	Velika Slevica (in older sources also Velika Slivica, German: Großsliwitz) is a village southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Velika Slevica	Slovenia
country	The Ali Olo is a mountain Located in the northeast of Ali Sabieh Region in Djibouti.	Ali Olo	Djibouti
country	Adam Road Hospital is a private psychiatric hospital in Singapore.	Adam Road Hospital	Singapore
country	Spodnje Laze (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Laze	Slovenia
country	Miangaran-e Sofla (Persian: ميانگران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mīāngarān-e Soflá and Meyāngarān Soflá; also known as Mīāngarān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Miangaran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Ras al-Khaimah (alternatively Ra'sal-Khaymah or Ras el-Kheima; Arabic: رأس الخيمة‎ Rā's al-Ḫaymah) is one of the seven emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Ras al-Khaimah	United Arab Emirates
country	On November 4, 2014, Loblaws announced that the SaveEasy brand would be phased out in favor of its Your Independent Grocer brand in use in the rest of Canada.	SaveEasy	Canada
country	Borgund Stave Church (Nynorsk: Borgund stavkyrkje, Bokmål: Borgund stavkirke) is a stave church located in the village of Borgund in the municipality of Lærdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Borgund Stave Church	Norway
country	Bambouk (sometimes Bambuk or Bambuhu) is a traditional name for the territory in eastern Senegal and western Mali, encompassing the Bambouk Mountains on its eastern edge, the valley of the Faleme River and the hilly country to the east of the river valley.	Bambouk	Senegal	Mali
country	Ponurzyca (pɔnuˈʐɨt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ponurzyca	Poland
country	Kastos (Greek: Καστός) is a Greek island and a former community east of the island of Lefkada, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Kastos	Greece
country	Achalm Castle is a ruined castle located above the towns of Reutlingen and Pfullingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Achalm Castle	Germany
country	The Popular Republican Movement (French: Mouvement Républicain Populaire, MRP) was a Christian democratic political party in France during the Fourth Republic.	Popular Republican Movement	France
country	Jalaur River, also known as Jalaud River is the second largest river in island of Panay and the 17th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size.	Jalaur River	Philippines
country	Vuosaari (Swedish: Nordsjö) is a neighbourhood in the City of Helsinki, Finland.	Vuosaari	Finland
country	Cankova (pronounced (ˈtsaːnkɔʋa); Hungarian: Vashidegkút, German: Kaltenbrunn) is a town in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Cankova	Slovenia
country	Byeongpungdo, or Byeongpung Island, or Pyeongpung is an uninhabited island in South Korea's Dadohaehaesang National Park, with an area of 0.56 square kilometers.	Byeongpungdo	South Korea
country	The Amalfi Coast (Italian: Costiera Amalfitana) is a stretch of coastline on the southern coast of the Sorrentine Peninsula in the Province of Salerno in Southern Italy.	Amalfi Coast	Italy
country	The Funiculaire Du Perce-Neige in Tignes, France is an underground Funicular from the neighborhood Val Claret to the summer-skiing area and the lower station of the Telepherique Grande Motte.	Funiculaire Du Perce-Neige	France
country	The FemINist INitiative of BC (FemINit BC) was a political party that was registered in the province of British Columbia, Canada on June 22, 2005 by a group of women living in poverty.	FemINist INitiative of BC	Canada
country	Saint Helier (/sintˈhɛliər/) is one of the twelve parishes of Jersey, the largest of the Channel Islands in the English Channel.	Saint Helier	Jersey
country	Ballycroy National Park (Irish: Páirc Náisiúnta Bhaile Chruaich) is located in the Owenduff/Nephin Mountains area of the Barony of Erris in northwest County Mayo, Ireland.	Ballycroy National Park	Ireland
country	Forcalquier Cathedral (Concathédrale Notre-Dame-du-Bourguet de Forcalquier) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in the town of Forcalquier, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.	Forcalquier Cathedral	France
country	The Kolari railway (Finnish: Kolarin rata) is the northernmost railway in Finland and goes between Tornio and Kolari.	Kolari railway	Finland
country	Forward operating base (FOB) Rhino, also known as Camp Rhino, was the first US land base established in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom.	Camp Rhino	Afghanistan
country	The High School of Dundee was among the first Scottish charities investigated by the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator for the public benefit derived from their tax-exempt status, and was the first independent school in the United Kingdom judged to have demonstrated its charitable aims and ``local and national benefit''.	High School of Dundee	United Kingdom
country	Okhotnyche (Ukrainian: Охотниче; Russian: Охотничье; Crimean Tatar: Ohotniçye) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Okhotnyche	Ukraine	Russia
country	Zəfəran (also, Zə’fəran and Shafran) is a village in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Zəfəran	Azerbaijan
country	The Pietrișul Creek ( in Hungarian Köves-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Pietrișul Creek	Romania
country	Pridgen v University of Calgary was a freedom of speech case which took place in Alberta, Canada, in 2010.	Pridgen v University of Calgary	Canada
country	The Gattola is a stream of the Basso Monferrato in north-west Italy, a left tributary of the Rotaldo.	Gattola	Italy
country	Zapote River (Spanish pronunciation: (saˈpote)) is a river of Costa Rica.	Zapote River	Costa Rica
country	The Rønne Stadion Nord is a multi-use Stadium in Bornholm, Denmark.	Rønne Stadion Nord	Denmark
country	Auto Atlantic is an Atlantic Canada-based automotive industry magazine.	Auto Atlantic	Canada
country	The Ceylon Workers' Congress (CWC) is a political party in Sri Lanka that has traditionally represented Tamils working in the plantation sector of the economy (Sri Lankan Tamils of Indian Origin).	Ceylon Workers' Congress	Sri Lanka
country	The Ibn-e-Qasim Bagh Stadium, originally known as the Old Fort Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Multan, Pakistan.	Ibn-e-Qasim Bagh Stadium	Pakistan
country	Shaheen Bagh is a neighbourhood in the South Delhi District of Delhi, India.	Shaheen Bagh	India
country	Barwik (ˈbarvik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barwik	Poland
country	Cape Mentelle Vineyards (often referred to simply as Cape Mentelle) is an Australian winery based at Margaret River, in the Margaret River wine region of Western Australia.	Cape Mentelle Vineyards	Australia
country	The Ocean Beach Railway (OBR) is a heritage railway that operates in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Ocean Beach Railway	New Zealand
country	Dharmanagar (Bengali: ধর্মনগর Dhôrmônôgar) is a district town and a Municipal Council in the North East of India and the North Tripura district of the state of Tripura, India.	Dharmanagar	India
country	The Ito-Balmond Serpentine Pavilion is a structure designed by Cecil Balmond and Toyo Ito and originally built for the Serpentine Gallery Pavilion programme in London's Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, in 2002 and now part of a restaurant in southern France.	Ito-Balmond Serpentine Pavilion	France
country	Hongdan (Persian: هنگدان‎, also Romanized as Hongdān) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hongdan	Iran
country	Santrampur, which used to be known as Brahampuri, is a historical town of Mahisagar District in Gujarat State of India.	Santrampur	India
country	The Chalet Amill in Yauco, Puerto Rico is a Beaux Arts style house that was built in 1914.	Chalet Amill	Puerto Rico
country	Tsagkarada (Greek: Τσαγκαράδα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Mouresi in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece.	Tsagkarada	Greece
country	The Egmond Half Marathon (Dutch: Egmond Halve Marathon) is an annual half marathon race over 21.1 kilometres that has been staged in Egmond aan Zee, Netherlands since 1973.	Egmond Half Marathon	Netherlands
country	Sipaliwini River is a river of Suriname, the main source of the Courantyne River.	Sipaliwini River	Suriname
country	Isaka is a small town and station on the Mwanza railway line of Tanzania which connects to the seaport of Dar es Salaam.	Isaka	Tanzania
country	Deriana or Daryanah (Arabic: دريانة‎) is a town in the Benghazi District, of the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya.	Deriana	Libya
country	The Palazzo Brentani is a historic mansion located in the centre of Milan, Italy, at Via Manzoni number 6.	Palazzo Brentani	Italy
country	The Pravčická brána (German: Prebischtor) is a narrow rock formation located in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.	Pravčická brána	Czech Republic
country	Kenora, originally named Rat Portage, is a small city situated on the Lake of the Woods in Northwestern Ontario, Canada, close to the Manitoba boundary, and about 200 km (124 mi) east of Winnipeg.	Kenora	Canada
country	The ACTRU Premier Division is a rugby union club competition based in Canberra, Australia, and conducted by the region's governing body, the ACT and Southern NSW Rugby Union.	ACTRU Premier Division	Australia
country	Punta Alta is a city in Argentina, about 20 kilometers southeast of Bahía Blanca.	Punta Alta	Argentina
country	Bunyoro is a kingdom in Western Uganda.	Bunyoro	Uganda
country	Mlawula Nature Reserve is situated in north-eastern Swaziland.	Mlawula Nature Reserve	Swaziland
country	Wapno (ˈvapnɔ) is a village in Wągrowiec County, in the Greater Poland Voivodeship, close to the border with Żnin County.	Wapno	Poland
country	Liukuaicuo Station (Chinese: 六塊厝車站; pinyin: Liùkuàicuò Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Pingtung Line located in Pingtung City, Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Liukuaicuo Station	Taiwan
country	Mazraeh-ye Allah Qoli (Persian: مزرعه اله قلي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Allah Qolī) is a village in Balesh Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Allah Qoli	Iran
country	Arasanj-e Qadim (Persian: اراسنج قديم‎, also Romanized as Ārāsanj-e Qadīm; also known as Ārāsanj, Ārāsanj-e Pā’īn, and Ārāsanj-e Soflá) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Arasanj-e Qadim	Iran
country	Acaya is a small village, a community frazione of Vernole, in the province of Lecce and region of Apulia, in southern Italy.	Acaya	Italy
country	Dayao County (simplified Chinese: 大姚县; traditional Chinese: 大姚縣; pinyin: Dàyáo Xiàn) is a county of north-central Yunnan province, People's Republic of China, under the administration of Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture.	Dayao County	People's Republic of China
country	Vouziers-Sechault Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France near Vouziers (Departement des Ardennes in the Champagne-Ardenne region), located approximately 15 miles north-northwest of Sainte-Menehould (Departement de la Marne,Champagne-Ardenne); 117 miles east-northeast of Paris.	Vouziers-Sechault Air Base	France
country	Ijdan (Persian: ايجدان‎, also Romanized as Ījdān) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ijdan	Iran
country	Nikoderian Tombs, also known as Mashkel Tombs, are Towers of Silence located in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Nikoderian Tombs	Pakistan
country	UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre is a cancer hospital located in London, United Kingdom.	UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre	United Kingdom
country	Deh-e Alishah (Persian: د ه عليشا ه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e ``Alīshāh) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 73, in 12 families.	Deh-e Alishah	Iran
country	Škofja Loka (pronounced (ˈʃkoːfja ˈloːka); German: Bischoflack) is a town in Slovenia.	Škofja Loka	Slovenia
country	Dunaújváros FC (previously known as Dunaferr SE) was a football team from Dunaújváros, Hungary.	Dunaújváros FC	Hungary
country	Maingri is village of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is located at an elevation of 243 metres.	Maingri	Pakistan
country	Shurak-e Saburi (Persian: شورك صبوري‎, also Romanized as Shūrak-e Sabūrī; also known as Shūrak-e Afghānhā) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurak-e Saburi	Iran
country	Mont d'Ambin (in French) or Rocca d'Ambin (in Italian) is a mountain on the border of Savoie, France and of the Province of Turin, Italy.	Mont d'Ambin	Italy
country	Pasir Gudang is an industrial town located in Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.	Pasir Gudang	Malaysia
country	Nepean Bay Conservation Park is a small protected area on Kangaroo Island, South Australia.	Nepean Bay Conservation Park	Australia
country	Stražnji Vrh (pronounced (ˈstɾaːʒnji ˈʋərx); German: Straßenberg) is a settlement west of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Stražnji Vrh	Slovenia
country	Stanhope Airport, (TC LID: CSN5), is located adjacent to the community of Stanhope, Quebec, Canada.	Stanhope Airport	Canada
country	Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (TASSR, Tatar: Татарстан Автономияле Совет Социалистик Республикасы; Russian: Татарская Автономная Советская Социалистическая республика (ТАССР)) (1920--1990) was part of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.	Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
country	The Pedra Badejo lagoons Important Bird Area is in the Cape Verde archipelago, lying 600 km off the coast of north-west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean.	Pedra Badejo lagoons Important Bird Area	Cape Verde
country	Nufenen Pass (Italian: Passo della Novena, German: Nufenenpass) (el. 2478 m.) is the second highest mountain pass with a paved road within Switzerland - after Umbrailpass.	Nufenen Pass	Switzerland
country	The Jenko Award (Slovene: Jenkova nagrada) is a literary award in Slovenia awarded each year for the best poetry collection in Slovene published in the previous two years.	Jenko Award	Slovenia
country	Runn, is a lake in Dalarna in central Sweden, between the cities of Falun and Borlänge.	Runn	Sweden
country	Talhar (Urdu: تلهار‎) is a town of Badin District, Sindh, Pakistan is located 240 kilometers east of Karachi.	Talhar	Pakistan
country	Jordán Pond (Czech: Jordán) is a pond inside city Tábor, South Bohemian Region, the Czech Republic.	Jordán Pond	Czech Republic
country	Haljala is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Lääne-Viru County, in northern Estonia.	Haljala	Estonia
country	Castrillo de los Polvazares is a village situated in Leon, in North-west of Spain.	Castrillo de los Polvazares	Spain
country	The ancient Thracian city of Perperikon (also Perpericon; Bulgarian: Перперикон, Greek: Περπερικον) is located in the Eastern Rhodopes, 15 km northeast of the present-day town of Kardzhali, Bulgaria, on a 470 m high rocky hill, which is thought to have been a sacred place.	Perperikon	Bulgaria
country	In the same year Kedichem became nationally known in The Netherlands when extreme leftwing activists burned down a hotel there to prevent a joined meeting of the nationalist Centre Party and Centre Democrats parties, causing a number of injuries.	Kedichem	Netherlands
country	Sometimes the North Frisian Islands include also the Danish Wadden Sea Islands on the western coast of Jutland, Denmark.	North Frisian Islands	Denmark
country	The Anglican Diocese of Willochra is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of South Australia, of which it covers over 90%, mainly in northern and western South Australia.	Anglican Diocese of Willochra	Australia
country	Homla is a river in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Homla	Norway
country	Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo Polytechnic is a state higher education institution in Gwanda, Zimbabwe, offering Diploma in Education.	Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo Polytechnic	Zimbabwe
country	Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute (Persian: موسسه فلاحت در فراغت‎ -- Mūsaseh Felāḩet-e Dar Farāghat) is a village and agricultural institute in Kushk-e Hezar Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dar Faraghat Agricultural Institute	Iran
country	Te Aumiti / French Pass is a narrow and treacherous stretch of water that separates D'Urville Island, at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand, from the mainland coast.	French Pass	New Zealand
country	Willis Street is located at the heart of the central business district of Wellington, the capital city of New Zealand.	Willis Street	New Zealand
country	Wyrzysk (ˈvɨʐɨsk) (German: Wirsitz) is a town in Poland with 5,263 (2004) inhabitants, situated in Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship.	Wyrzysk	Poland
country	The Margherita Hut is located in Italian territory, near the international border between Italy and Switzerland, in the Italian region of Piedmont .	Margherita Hut	Italy
country	The JE postcode area, also known as the Jersey postcode area, is a group of postal districts covering Jersey.	JE postcode area	Jersey
country	Cayenne (/keɪˈɛn/; French pronunciation: ​(kajɛn)) is the capital city of French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France located in South America.	Cayenne	France
country	Hibiscus Coast Local Municipality is a local municipality in South Africa.	Hibiscus Coast Local Municipality	South Africa
country	The Château de Saint-Cloud was a palace in France, built on a site overlooking the Seine at Saint-Cloud in Hauts-de-Seine, about 5 kilometres west of Paris.	Château de Saint-Cloud	France
country	Sleen is a village in Drenthe, Netherlands of about 2500 people.	Sleen	Netherlands
country	The Guadalevín River is a tributary of the Guadiaro River in Málaga, Andalusia, Spain.	Guadalevín	Spain
country	Bodmin General railway station, located in Bodmin, Cornwall, United Kingdom, was the terminus of the Great Western Railway's Bodmin branch line, and is now the principal railway station of the heritage Bodmin and Wenford Steam Railway.	Bodmin General railway station	United Kingdom
country	Goth Gorshani is a populated place located in Balochistan, on the route between the city of Quetta to Larkana in Sindh in Pakistan.	Goth Gorshani	Pakistan
country	Atibaia (or Estância de Atibaia) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Atibaia	Brazil
country	Miłki (ˈmiu̯ki) (German Milken) is a village in Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miłki	Poland
country	Mayor José Dejesús Martínez or Mayor José J. Martinez is a town in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay.	Mayor José Dejesús Martínez	Paraguay
country	The Zamorano Pan-American Agricultural School (Spanish: Escuela Agrícola Panamericana Zamorano), generally known as El Zamorano or Zamorano, is a private, coeducational university located in the valley of the Yeguare river, Honduras.	Zamorano	Honduras
country	Les Diablerets is a village and ski resort located in the municipality of Ormont-Dessus in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Les Diablerets	Switzerland
country	Khalifa Point is small town in located in Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Khalifa Point	Pakistan
country	Matsapha Airport (IATA: MTS, ICAO: FDMS) is an airport located near Manzini, a city in Manzini District of Swaziland.	Matsapha Airport	Swaziland
country	Analekta is Canada's largest independent classical music recording label.	Analekta	Canada
country	Legnickie Pole (lɛɡˈnit͡skʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (in 1945-1948 Dobre Pole, German: Wahlstatt) is a village in Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Legnickie Pole	Poland
country	Bleckmar is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.	Bleckmar	Germany
country	Kalsko (ˈkalskɔ) (formerly German Kalzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kalsko	Poland
country	Askøyfjellet or Kolbeinsvarden is a mountain in the municipality of Askøy in Hordaland county, Norway.	Askøyfjellet	Norway
country	Tvärbanan is a light rail line in Stockholm, Sweden.	Tvärbanan	Sweden
country	Vytina (Greek: Βυτίνα) is a mountain village and a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Vytina	Greece
country	Tricase is a town and comune in the province of Lecce, part of the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Tricase	Italy
country	East Africa University (EAU) (Arabic: جامعة شرق أفريقيا‎) is a private university in the autonomous Puntland state in northeastern Somalia.	East Africa University	Somalia
country	Miravalles Protected Zone is a nature reserve in the central part of Costa Rica, which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area.	Miravalles Protected Zone	Costa Rica
country	The Botteniga is a river in Northern Italy, a distributary of the Piave, it meets the River Sile at Treviso after descending approximately 60 metres over its 20 kilometre course.	Botteniga	Italy
country	Buġibba (pronounced bu-jibb-buh) is a zone within St. Paul's Bay in the Northern Region, Malta.	Buġibba	Malta
country	Iloilo City, officially the City of Iloilo (Hiligaynon: Dakbanwa sang Iloilo/Syudad sang Iloilo; Karay-a: Syudad kang Iloilo/Syudad ka Iloilo; Tagalog: Lungsod ng Iloilo; Spanish: Ciudad de Iloílo), is a highly urbanized city on Panay island in the Philippines.	Iloilo City	Philippines
country	Khomeyn (Persian: خمين‎, also Romanized as Khomeīn, Khowmeyn, and Khūmaīn) is a city in and the capital of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Khomeyn	Iran
country	Itezhi-Tezhi is a small town in the south west section of the Southern Province of Zambia.	Itezhi-Tezhi	Zambia
country	Nicaro Airport (IATA: ICR, ICAO: MUNC) is an airfield serving Nicaro in Cuba.	Nicaro Airport	Cuba
country	Aniavan (Armenian: Անիավան, formerly Անի կայարանի - Ani kayarani; translates as ``Ani station'') is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Aniavan	Armenia
country	Kieljany (kʲɛlˈjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kieljany	Poland
country	Paterson Inlet is a large natural harbour in the eastern coast of Stewart Island/Rakiura, New Zealand, much of which is unspoilt forest.	Paterson Inlet	New Zealand
country	Rud Ab (Persian: روداب‎, also Romanized as Rūd Āb) is a city in and capital of Rud Ab District, in Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rud Ab	Iran
country	Astakul (Persian: استاكول‎, also Romanized as Āstākūl; also known as Āstākol) is a village in Ab Bar Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Astakul	Iran
country	The National Order of the Leopard is the highest honorific decoration of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	National Order of the Leopard	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Doi Inthanon (Thai: ดอยอินทนนท์ (pronunciation)) is the highest mountain in Thailand.	Doi Inthanon	Thailand
country	A music video for ``Come into My World'' was directed by Michel Gondry, featuring duplicated Kylies walking in Paris, France with a lot of local townspeople.	Come into My World	France
country	Łapczyna Wola (wapˈt͡ʂɨna ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łapczyna Wola	Poland
country	The Bombay Hills are a range of hills to the south of Auckland, New Zealand.	Bombay Hills	New Zealand
country	Dayamir Union is the native home of General M. A. G. Osmani, who was supreme commander of the Bangladesh Liberation War.	Dayamir Union	Bangladesh
country	Naushahro Feroze District , (Sindhi: نوشهرو فیروز‎), is a district in the province of Sindh, Pakistan.	Naushahro Feroze District	Pakistan
country	Mačkat, in Serbian Cyrillic Мачкат, is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Čajetina, and the district of Zlatibor.	Mačkat	Serbia
country	The Palazzo delle Vedove (Italian for Widows' Palace) is a palace in Pisa, Tuscany, Italy.	Palazzo delle Vedove	Italy
country	Namtok Pha Charoen National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติน้ำตกพาเจริญ) is a national park in the Phop Phra District, Tak Province, Thailand.	Namtok Pha Charoen National Park	Thailand
country	Jaú is a municipality in the center of the state of São Paulo, in Brazil.	Jaú	Brazil
country	Playas del Coco is one of the oldest beach communities in Guanacaste Province, Costa Rica.	Playas del Coco	Costa Rica
country	Basoko is a town on the Congo River in Tshopo District of northern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Basoko	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Plouguiel (Breton: Priel) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plouguiel	France
country	Wangtu is a place situated in Kinnaur, Himachal Pradesh, India, its geographical coordinates are 31° 33' 0`` North, 78° 1' 0'' East and its original name (with diacritics) is Wangtu.	Wangtu	India
country	Cerro Pared Norte is a mountain located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile.	Cerro Pared Norte	Chile
country	Hyatt Regency Dushanbe Hotel is a hotel located at Dushanbe, Tajikistan.	Hyatt Regency Dushanbe Hotel	Tajikistan
country	Creemore (from Irish Croí Mór, meaning ``big heart'') is a former village, now part of Clearview Township, located in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada.	Creemore	Canada
country	Kushk-e Borj (Persian: كوشك برج‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Borj) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Borj	Iran
country	Cabinteely (Irish: Cábán tSíle, meaning ``Sheila's Cabin'') is a south-eastern suburb of Dublin in Ireland, in the administrative county of Dún Laoghaire--	Cabinteely	Ireland
country	Oss (Dutch: (ɔs)) is a municipality and a city in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant.	Oss	Netherlands
country	Planet Godrej is located in South Mumbai on plot of 9-acre (3.6 ha) at Mahalaxmi, Mumbai Planet Godrej is one of the tallest towers in India.	Planet Godrej	India
country	The Waldalgesheim chariot burial (German: Waldalgesheimer Fürstengrab) was a 4th-century BC Celtic princely chariot burial site in Waldalgesheim, Germany, discovered in 1869.	Waldalgesheim chariot burial	Germany
country	Korea Polytechnic University (KPU, 한국산업기술대학교) is a polytechnic university in South Korea.	Korea Polytechnic University	South Korea
country	Lubczynek (lupˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubczynek	Poland
country	Belém Novo (meaning New Bethlehem in Portuguese) is a neighbourhood in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Belém Novo	Brazil
country	Warburto Point is a headland located on the west coast of the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south west of the town of Wallaroo.	Warburto Point	Australia
country	Waziristan (Pashto: وزیرستان‎, ``land of the Wazir'') is a mountainous region covering the North Waziristan and South Waziristan agencies, FR Bannu, and the western part of Tank in northwestern Pakistan, and the Janikhel, Gurbuz and Barmal districts of eastern Afghanistan.	Waziristan	Pakistan
country	Makana Local Municipality is the local municipality which governs the town of Grahamstown and surrounding areas in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Makana Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Rohtas Fort (Punjabi, Urdu: قلعہ روہتاس‎ Qila Rohtas) is a historical garrison fort located near the city of Jhelum in Punjab, Pakistan.	Rohtas Fort	Pakistan
country	North Kanpur is a zone within the city limits of Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh, India.	North Kanpur	India
country	Sendawar is a seat of West Kutai Regency, East Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Sendawar	Indonesia
country	Aghvaran (Persian: اغ ورن‎, also Romanized as Āghvaran) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghvaran	Iran
country	Radio Bay of Plenty is a radio company based in Whakatane, New Zealand.	Radio Bay of Plenty	New Zealand
country	The 1976 Summer Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1976 Summer Paralympics, held in Toronto, Canada, from August 3 to 11, 1976.	1976 Summer Paralympics medal table	Canada
country	Burtnieki Castle (German: Schloss Burtneck; Estonian: Asti ordulinnus) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Burtnieki Castle	Latvia
country	Tour Eqho (also known as Tour IBM, and Tour Descartes) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district situated west of Paris, France.	Tour Eqho	France
country	Zalishchyky (Ukrainian: Залiщики, also Zalishchyky, Polish: Zaleszczyki) is a small city located on the Dniester River in the southern part of the Ternopil Oblast (province), in western Ukraine.	Zalishchyky	Ukraine
country	Świerzawa (ɕfjɛˈʐava) (German: Schönau an der Katzbach) is a town in Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Świerzawa	Poland
country	QBD, originally Queensland Book Depot, is a large chain of bookshops in Australia, with almost all stores found in the states of Queensland and New South Wales.	Queensland Book Depot	Australia
country	Naulong Dam is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Mula River, about 30 km from Gandawah City in Jhal Magsi district of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Naulong Dam	Pakistan
country	Based in Frankfurt, Germany, Cocoon is a division of the Cocoon Music Event GmbH. Väth founded Cocoon Recordings in order to complete the Cocoon platform as a supporting tool for young artists in Electronic Music..	Cocoon Recordings	Germany
country	Barawa (Somali: Baraawe, Arabic: مدينة ﺑﺮﺍﻭة‎), also known as Brava, is a port town in the southeastern Lower Shebelle region of Somalia.	Barawa	Somalia
country	Bay Damram (Khmer: ឃុំ បាយដំរាំ) is a khum (commune) of Banan District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Bay Damram	Cambodia
country	The Atlantic Provinces Chambers of Commerce (APCC) is a regional chamber of commerce in the four Atlantic Provinces of Canada.	Atlantic Provinces Chambers of Commerce	Canada
country	The Grand Duke Jean Museum of Modern Art (French: Musée d'art moderne Grand-Duc Jean), abbreviated to Mudam, is a museum of modern art in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Mudam	Luxembourg
country	Kinel (Russian: Кинель) is a town in Samara Oblast, Russia, located on the Bolshoy Kinel River near its confluence with the Samara River, 41 kilometers (25 mi) east of Samara.	Kinel	Russia
country	The Pong River (Thai: น้ำปง) is a river of Thailand with its source in the Phi Pan Nam Range.	Pong River	Thailand
country	Karridene is a small resort in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Karridene	South Africa
country	Samoded (Russian: Самодед) is a rural locality (a settlement) located in the north of Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, on both banks of the Vaymuga River, a tributary of the Yemtsa River.	Samoded	Russia
country	Izeh (Persian: ايذه‎‎, also Romanized as Īz̄eh; also known as Malāmir, Izaj, and Malemir) is a city in and the capital of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Izeh	Iran
country	Palmarola is a craggy, mostly uninhabited island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the west coast of Italy.	Palmarola	Italy
country	Kumanovo (Macedonian: Куманово (kuˈmanɔvɔ); Albanian: Kumanovë/Kumanova) is a city in the Republic of Macedonia and is the seat of Kumanovo Municipality which is the largest municipality in the country.	Kumanovo	Macedonia
country	Équipe Andrée Champoux pour Verdun (EAC) (English: Team Andrée Champoux for Verdun) is a municipal political party in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Équipe Andrée Champoux pour Verdun	Canada
country	Eastern Macedonia and Thrace (Greek: Ανατολική Μακεδονία και Θράκη, formally Περιφέρεια Ανατολικής Μακεδονίας και Θράκης) is one of the thirteen administrative regions of Greece.	Eastern Macedonia and Thrace	Greece
country	The Community Action Programme (CAP) also known as Support for the very long-term unemployed is a workfare programme in the United Kingdom whereby long-term unemployed people who have been unemployed for over three years must work for their benefits for six months or have them removed.	Community Action Programme	United Kingdom
country	Skeleton Coast National Park is a national park located in northwest Namibia, and has the most inaccessible shores, dotted with shipwrecks.	Skeleton Coast National Park	Namibia
country	Gleninagh or Glaninagh (Irish: Gleann Eidhneach) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Gleninagh	Ireland
country	Khiaban (Persian: خيابان‎, also Romanized as Khīābān and Kheyābān ) is a village in Dasht-e Taybad Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khiaban	Iran
country	Seleh Marz (Persian: سله مرز‎) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Seleh Marz	Iran
country	Taputapuatea is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Taputapuatea	France
country	On February 1, 1995, Wisconsin Central Ltd. purchased Algoma Central Railway Incorporated, operating the railway as a separate subsidiary, Wisconsin Central Canada Holdings.	Algoma Central Railway	Canada
country	Rambutyo Island is one of the Admiralty Islands in the Bismarck Archipelago, located at 2°17′S 147°49′E. Politically, Rambutyo Island is part of Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.	Rambutyo Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Pic de l'Aurore (Peak o'Dawn) is a cliff culminating at about 800 feet at the west entrance of the village of Percé on the Gaspé Peninsula, Quebec, Canada.	Pic de l'Aurore	Canada
country	Los Cerros de San Juan is a populated centre in the Colonia Department of Uruguay.	Los Cerros de San Juan	Uruguay
country	Semeling Bypass, Federal Route 253, is a major highway bypass in Semeling, Kedah, Malaysia.	Semeling Bypass	Malaysia
country	Château Pavie is a winery in Saint-Émilion in the Bordeaux region of France.	Château Pavie	France
country	Blegdamsvej is a street in Copenhagen, Denmark, connecting Sankt Hans Torv in Nørrebro to Trianglen in Østerbro.	Blegdamsvej	Denmark
country	The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals.	Gateshead Garden Festival	United Kingdom
country	Lake Shabla (Bulgarian: Шабленско езеро) is a lagoon (liman) in the north-eastern Bulgaria, which separated from the Black Sea by the sandbar.	Lake Shabla	Bulgaria
country	Uludaş (also, Uludash) is a village and municipality in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Uludaş	Azerbaijan
country	Chillwa Quta (Aymara ch'illiwa, chillwa, a species of grass (Festuca dolichophylla), quta lake, ``chillwa lake'', also spelled Chillhua Kkota) is a lake in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range in the Andes of Bolivia.	Chillwa Quta	Bolivia
country	The Kyiv National Economic University, named after Vadym Hetman, is a higher educational institution in Kiev, Ukraine, and a self-governing (autonomous) research National University.	Kyiv National Economic University	Ukraine
country	Souanké is a city and capital of Souanké District in the Sangha Region of northwestern Republic of the Congo.	Souanké	Republic of the Congo
country	Male Vrhe (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ʋəɾˈxeː); in older sources also Mali Vrhi, German: Kleingupf) is a small settlement in the hills west of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Male Vrhe	Slovenia
country	Mauthausen is a small market town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Mauthausen	Austria
country	The Azadegan oil field is an oil field in Iran.	Azadegan oil field	Iran
country	Spooky Records is a garage and rock record label formed in Melbourne, Australia by Loki Lockwood in 1999.	Spooky Records	Australia
country	Umm as Sabaan (Arabic: ام الصبان‎) is an islet in Bahrain.	Umm as Sabaan	Bahrain
country	Golchi (Persian: گلچي‎, also Romanized as Golchī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Golchi	Iran
country	The Vleeshuis (Butcher's Hall, or literally Meat House) in Antwerp, Belgium is a former guildhall.	Vleeshuis	Belgium
country	Andzevatsik was a region of ancient and medieval Armenia c. 400--800 in the South-East of Vaspurakan, ruled by the Antzevatsi family.	Andzevatsik	Armenia
country	Primacom is a private cable network operator in Germany with around 1 million connected households and approximately 0.8 million customers.	Primacom	Germany
country	A dos Cunhados (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ duʃ kuˈɲaduʃ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Torres Vedras in the central Oeste subregion of Portugal.	A dos Cunhados	Portugal
country	Sebyan-Kyuyol (Russian: Себян-Кюёль) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Lamynkhinsky National Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 460 kilometers (290 mi) from Sangar, the administrative center of the district.	Sebyan-Kyuyol	Russia
country	Sara Airport (IATA: SSR, ICAO: NVSH) is an airport on northern Pentecost Island, Vanuatu.	Sara Airport	Vanuatu
country	Gruben Church (Norwegian: Gruben kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Gruben Church	Norway
country	Haparu Rural District (Persian: دهستان هپرو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Haparu Rural District	Iran
country	Olgas Square (Greek: Πλατεία Όλγας, Plateia Olgas) is the older and popular name for the Ethnikis Antistaseos Square (Πλατεία Εθνικής Αντιστάσεως, Plateia Ethnikis Antistaseos) in the city of Patras, Greece.	Olgas Square	Greece
country	RaumZeitLabor is a hackerspace operated by non-profit association RaumZeitLabor e. V. in the city of Mannheim, Germany.	RaumZeitLabor	Germany
country	Lac d'Antre is a lake above Villards-d'Héria, in the Jura department of France.	Lac d'Antre	France
country	Könkämäeno (Swedish: Könkämäälven) is a river in Finland and Sweden in Finnish and Swedish Lapland.	Könkämäeno	Finland	Sweden
country	International Turkmen-Turkish University (Turkmen: Halkara Türkmen-Türk uniwersiteti, Turkish: Uluslararası Türkmen-Türk Üniversitesi, abbreviated as ITTU) is a university located in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.	International Turkmen-Turkish University	Turkmenistan
country	Sirok is a historic village (population 2,100) in Heves county in Hungary, situated near Eger in Mátra mountains.	Sirok	Hungary
country	Irenji (Persian: ايرنجي‎, also Romanized as Īrenjī; also known as Īrīnchī) is a village in Dursun Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Irenji	Iran
country	Sperlinga (Gallo-Italic of Sicily: Sperrënga; Sicilian: Spillinga) is a comune in the province of Enna, in the central part of the island of Sicily, in southern Italy.	Sperlinga	Italy
country	Highfield College was an independent, day and boarding school for boys, in Turramurra, on the North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Highfield College	Australia
country	Cachapoal River is tributary river of the Rapel River in Chile located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region.	Cachapoal River	Chile
country	Mohammadabad-e Bab Skakan (Persian: محمداباد باب سكاكان‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Bāb Skākān; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Bab Skakan	Iran
country	Lake Gossi, or Mare de Grossi, is a body of water near Gossi in the Cercle of Gourma-Rharous of the Tombouctou Region of Mali.	Lake Gossi	Mali
country	Mantralayam is a constituency in Kurnool district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mantralayam	India
country	Makaryev (Russian: Мака́рьев) is a town and the administrative center of Makaryevsky District in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Unzha River (Volga's tributary), 184 kilometers (114 mi) east of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast.	Makaryev	Russia
country	Brunapeg is a business center and village in the Matebeland South region of Zimbabwe.	Brunapeg	Zimbabwe
country	Mazraeh-ye Bidu (Persian: مزرعه بيدو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bīdū) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Bidu	Iran
country	Anooshiravan, Zahedan (Persian: انوشیروان‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Anooshiravan, Zahedan	Iran
country	Kangarin (Persian: كنگرين‎, also Romanized as Kangarīn) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kangarin	Iran
country	Galleh Sorkh (Persian: گله سرخ‎) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Galleh Sorkh	Iran
country	The Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu is an arboretum on the southern flank of Mont Aigoual, about 39 km (24 mi) north of Le Vigan, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France, at the border of Gard and Lozère.	Arboretum de l'Hort de Dieu	France
country	The OV-chipkaart (short for openbaar vervoer chipkaart, meaning public transport chipcard) is a contactless smart card system used for all public transport in the Netherlands.	OV-chipkaart	Netherlands
country	Mequinenza (Spanish: (mekiˈnenθa)) or Mequinensa (Catalan: (məkiˈnɛnsə), locally: (mekiˈnɛnsa)) is a town and municipality of the province of Zaragoza, in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain.	Mequinenza	Spain
country	International Rome Film Festival is a film festival that takes place in Rome, Italy, during the month of October.	Rome Film Festival	Italy
country	Mill Woods Road, together with 38 Avenue NW, is a ring road in the neighbourhood of Mill Woods, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Mill Woods Road	Canada
country	The company Klauser, also known as Klauser Schuhe or Schuhhaus Klauser, is one of the largest owner-operated shoe retailers in Germany.	Klauser Schuhe	Germany
country	Swedish county roads (Länsväg) are roads with road numbers from 100 and upwards in Sweden.	Swedish county road	Sweden
country	Mount Athabasca is located in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park in Canada.	Mount Athabasca	Canada
country	Kul Terk (Persian: كول ترك‎, also Romanized as Kūl Terk) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kul Terk	Iran
country	Usaquén is a residential and commercial locality (district) in northern Bogotá, capital of Colombia.	Usaquén	Colombia
country	Flagstaff County is a municipal district in east central Alberta, Canada.	Flagstaff County	Canada
country	Modryń (ˈmɔdrɨɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Modryń	Poland
country	Stary Kraków (ˈstarɨ ˈkrakuf) (formerly German Altkrakow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stary Kraków	Poland
country	The National University Hospital of Iceland (Icelandic: Landspítali).	National University Hospital	Iceland
country	The Fountain of Campo das Hortas (Portuguese: Chafariz do Campo das Hortas) is a fountain located in civil parish of Sé, municipality of Braga in northern Portugal.	Fountain of Campo das Hortas	Portugal
country	Spodnja Nova Vas (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈnɔːva ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Spodnja Nova vas) is a village immediately east of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Nova Vas	Slovenia
country	Narayanpur, Seti is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Narayanpur, Seti	Nepal
country	Val-Jalbert is a ghost town in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec, Canada.	Val-Jalbert	Canada
country	Ndeeba is a neighborhood in the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital.	Ndeeba	Uganda
country	The Southern Tagalog Arterial Road (also known as the STAR Tollway or CALABARZON Expressway) is a two-to-four-lane 42 km (26 mi) expressway in the province of Batangas in the Philippines.	Southern Tagalog Arterial Road	Philippines
country	Garmabalah-ye Sofla (Persian: گرمابله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Garmābalah-ye Soflá and Garmāvaleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Garmabalah-ye Sofla	Iran
country	William R. Allen Road, also known as Allen Road and The Allen is a short expressway/freeway and arterial road in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Allen Road	Canada
country	Henninger Turm (English: Henninger Tower) was a grain storage silo located in the Sachsenhausen-Süd district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Henninger Turm	Germany
country	Poovanam (Tamil: பூவாணம்) is a village in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Poovanam	India
country	The Sheraton Ankara is a hotel and convention center in Ankara, Turkey.	Sheraton Ankara	Turkey
country	Huancavelica (Spanish pronunciation: (waŋkaβeˈlika)) or Wankawilka in Quechua is a city in Peru.	Huancavelica	Peru
country	Skyros Island National Airport (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Σκύρου) (IATA: SKU, ICAO: LGSY) is an airport serving the island of Skyros in Greece.	Skyros Island National Airport	Greece
country	Peskovci (pronounced (pɛˈskoːu̯tsi); Hungarian: Petőfa) is a small village immediately east of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Peskovci	Slovenia
country	Muan County (Muan-gun) is a county in South Jeolla Province (Jeollanam-do), South Korea.	Muan County	South Korea
country	Chali Khamaz (Persian: چالي خماز‎, also Romanized as Chālī Khamāz; also known as Chākhlāmāz and Chālkhāmāz) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chali Khamaz	Iran
country	Chongjin Airport (IATA: RGO, ICAO: ZKHM), known within North Korea as Orang Airport, is a small airport located approximately 40 kilometres from Chongjin, North Hamgyong in North Korea.	Chongjin Airport	North Korea
country	Halil Rud (Persian: هليل رود‎, also Romanized as Halīl Rūd; also known as Deh-e Halīl Rūd) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Halil Rud	Iran
country	The Weyburn Security Bank Building (also referred to as the Imperial Bank of Canada Building) is located at 76 - 3rd Street in Weyburn, Saskatchewan, Canada and is a two-storey building with a glazed terracotta façade.	Weyburn Security Bank Building	Canada
country	Oristano Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Oristano; Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta), dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, is the Roman Catholic cathedral of Oristano, Sardinia, Italy.	Oristano Cathedral	Italy
country	Imphy is a commune in the Nièvre department in Bourgogne, France.	Imphy	France
country	Kostolište (German: Kirchenplatz) is a village in Malacky District in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia close to the town of Malacky, north-west of Slovakia's capital Bratislava.	Kostolište	Slovakia
country	Stiepel is a southern district of the City of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Stiepel	Germany
country	Quindío River (Spanish: Río Quindío) is the principal river of the department of Quindío, Colombia.	Quindío River	Colombia
country	while a few different honorary names are attributed to those restorations, scholars, archeologist and the government of Italy recognise this platform as the ``Rostra Vetera'' encased inside the ``Rostra Augusti''.	Rostra	Italy
country	The Sunniberg Bridge is an extradosed road bridge near Klosters in Switzerland.	Sunniberg Bridge	Switzerland
country	Liscannor (Irish: Lios Ceannúir, meaning ``ringfort of Ceannúr'') is a coastal village in County Clare, Ireland.	Liscannor	Ireland
country	Lake Breaden is a salt lake in the Gibson Desert of Western Australia, to the northeast of Boyd Lagoon.	Lake Breaden	Australia
country	Heydarabad-e Saki (Persian: حيدرابادساكي‎‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Sākī; also known as Ḩeydarābād-e Cheshmeh Barqī and Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Heydarabad-e Saki	Iran
country	Keppetipola (කැප්පෙටිපොල) is a town in Sri Lanka.	Keppetipola	Sri Lanka
country	The Chiesa di San Giovanni del Toro (Italian: ``Church of St. John of the Bull'') is a church in Ravello, southern Italy.	San Giovanni del Toro	Italy
country	Moiwana is a Maroon village in the Marowijne district in the east of Suriname.	Moiwana	Suriname
country	Breim Church (Norwegian: Breim kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Breim Church	Norway
country	Someshwar Mahadev Temple is an ancient temple dedicated to Shankar in Gujarat, India.	Someshwar Mahadev Temple	India
country	Drangey or Drang Isle, with its steep sea cliffs, towers majestically in the midst of Skagafjörður fjord in Iceland.	Drangey	Iceland
country	The Municipality of Vipava (pronounced (viˈpaːva); Slovene: Občina Vipava) is a municipality in western Slovenia.	Municipality of Vipava	Slovenia
country	Ukrainsk (Ukrainian: Українськ) is a city in Selydove municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Ukrainsk	Ukraine
country	The Cluj-Napoca Unitarian Church (Romanian: Biserica Unitariană din Cluj; Hungarian: kolozsvári unitárius templom), located at 21 December 1989 Street #9, is a Unitarian church in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Cluj-Napoca Unitarian Church	Romania
country	The University of Silesia in Katowice (Polish: Uniwersytet Śląski w Katowicach, UŚ) is an autonomous state-run university in Silesia Province, Katowice, Poland.	University of Silesia in Katowice	Poland
country	Gradenje (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdeːnjɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Gradenje	Slovenia
country	Góis (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɡɔjʃ)) is a municipality of the district of Coimbra, in the central part of continental Portugal.	Góis	Portugal
country	Krohnsminde kunstgressbane is a municipality-owned sports ground and football stadium located in the city of Bergen, Norway, near Danmarks plass in the borough of Årstad.	Krohnsminde	Norway
country	Jariban (Somali: Jaribaan, Arabic: جاريبان‎) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Jariban	Somalia
country	The Prehistory Museum of Valencia is a museum of the city of Valencia (Spain) that exposes archaeological materials covering from Paleolithic to the Visigoths period.	Prehistory Museum of Valencia	Spain
country	Meyreuil is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France, about 11 km (6.8 mi) from Aix en Provence.	Meyreuil	France
country	Verrabotn is a village located in the municipality of Verran in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Verrabotn	Norway
country	Culturally Sainikpuri is Pan-Indian due to its Armed Forces origins, and has been home to people from almost every major culture of India.	Sainikpuri	India
country	The Major Hart River (Ts'íhe Tú in Kaska) is a river in northern British Columbia, Canada, flowing northeast into the Turnagain River, a tributary of the Kechika, southwest of the community of Liard River.	Major Hart River	Canada
country	The Legislative Assembly of Ontario (also known as Ontario Legislative Assembly or Parliament of Ontario), is the legislature of the Canadian province of Ontario, and is the second largest provincial legislature of Canada by number of members.	Legislative Assembly of Ontario	Canada
country	Samsø Airport is an airport on Samsø, Denmark.	Samsø Airport	Denmark
country	Ginzan Onsen (銀山温泉) is an onsen (hot spring) area in Obanazawa, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.	Ginzan Onsen	Japan
country	Claremont Oval is an Australian rules football stadium located in Perth, Australia.	Claremont Oval	Australia
country	Yingkiong is the headquarters of Upper Siang district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in India.	Yingkiong	India
country	Qawat is an oasis and a crossroad town in Murzuq District, Libya.	Qawat	Libya
country	Afetes (Greek: Αφέτες) is a village and a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Afetes	Greece
country	Sar Barzah (Persian: سربرزه‎) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sar Barzah	Iran
country	Kardaras (Greek: Καρδαράς) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Levidi, Arcadia, Greece.	Kardaras	Greece
country	Kleszczele (klɛʂˈt͡ʂɛlɛ) (Ukrainian: Кліщелі, Klishcheli) is a town in Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland.	Kleszczele	Poland
country	Bhausaheb Bandodkar Ground (also known as Campal Grounds and Panjim Gymkhana Grounds) is a cricket ground in Panaji, Goa, India.	Bhausaheb Bandodkar Ground	India
country	Kallang Tennis Centre is situated at the south-eastern region of Singapore.	Kallang Tennis Centre	Singapore
country	Linton Apartments (also known as Le Linton) is an apartment building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Linton Apartments	Canada
country	Paju National Football Center, shortly called Paju NFC is training ground in Paju, South Korea.	Paju National Football Center	South Korea
country	Yenangyaung (Burmese: ရေနံချောင်း; literally ``stream of oil'') is a city in Myanmar, Magway Division.	Yenangyaung	Myanmar
country	York Mills Road is an east-west route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada named for the historic village of York Mills that was located on the hill immediately north of today's intersection of York Mills Road and Yonge Street.	York Mills Road	Canada
country	Benis (Persian: بنیس‎‎, also romanized as Benīs; also known as Benīz and Biniz) is a village in Guney-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Benis	Iran
country	Sabz Dasht (Persian: سبزدشت‎) is a village in Bayaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sabz Dasht	Iran
country	Papuk is the largest mountain in the Slavonia region in eastern Croatia, near the city of Požega.	Papuk	Croatia
country	The Auteuil Hippodrome is a horse racing venue on Route des Lacs in Paris, France.	Auteuil Hippodrome	France
country	Ras ben Sakka is the northernmost point of the African continent, located 15 kilometres from Bizerte, the northernmost city in Africa on the Mediterranean Sea, 22 kilometres to the north-east of the Ichkeul lake World Heritage Site, in Tunisia.	Ras ben Sakka	Tunisia
country	Eslām Chūngar (or: Islam Chomgar) is a small town in the province of Jowzjan, northern Afghanistan.	Eslām Chūngar	Afghanistan
country	Tomb KV60 in Egypt's Valley of the Kings is one of the more perplexing tombs of the Theban Necropolis, due to the uncertainty over the identity of one female mummy found there (KV60A), thought by some, such as the noted Egyptologist Elizabeth Thomas, to be that of 18th dynasty Pharaoh Hatshepsut.	KV60	Egypt
country	Sangtuda 1 Hydroelectric Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant, located on the Vakhsh River in Tajikistan.	Sangtuda 1 Hydroelectric Power Plant	Tajikistan
country	Yuanlin Station (Chinese: 員林車站; pinyin: Yuánlín chēzhàn) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Yuanlin City, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Yuanlin Station	Taiwan
country	Old St. Peter's Basilica was the building that stood, from the 4th to 16th centuries, on the spot where the new St. Peter's Basilica stands today in Vatican City.	Old St. Peter's Basilica	Vatican City
country	Horné Lefantovce (Hungarian: Felsőelefánt) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District of the Nitra Region, in western Slovakia.	Horné Lefantovce	Slovakia
country	Interchange21 or Interchange Mall is a 36 storey office and shopping complex located in Watthana district, Bangkok, Thailand.	Interchange21	Thailand
country	Urbino (Italian: (urˈbiːno); listen ) is a walled city in the Marche region of Italy, south-west of Pesaro, a World Heritage Site notable for a remarkable historical legacy of independent Renaissance culture, especially under the patronage of Federico da Montefeltro, duke of Urbino from 1444 to 1482.	Urbino	Italy
country	Serekunda (Arabic: سيريكوندا‎, sometimes spelled Serrekunda) is the largest urban centre in The Gambia.	Serekunda	Gambia
country	Matsiloje is a village in the North East District of Botswana on the west bank of the Ramokgwebana River, which forms the border with Zimbabwe.	Matsiloje	Botswana
country	Veeyapuram (Malayalam: വീയപുരം) is a village in the district of Alappuzha, Kerala, India.	Veeyapuram	India
country	Erfurt Hauptbahnhof or Erfurt Central Station is the central railway station at Erfurt in Germany.	Erfurt Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Minudasht (Persian: مينودشت‎), also Romanized as Mīnūdasht and Mīnū Dasht) is a city in and capital of Minudasht County in Golestan Province, in northern Iran.	Minudasht	Iran
country	Kalinovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Калиновик) is a town and municipality in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kalinovik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vettweiß (alternative spelling: Vettweiss) is a municipality in the district of Düren in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Vettweiß	Germany
country	The Province of Buenos Aires Railway (in Spanish: Ferrocarril Provincial de Buenos Aires - FCPBA) was a state-owned company that operated a 902 km 1,000 mm (3 ft 3 3⁄8 in) metre gauge railway network in the Province of Buenos Aires in Argentina.	Province of Buenos Aires Railway	Argentina
country	Srb (Serbian Cyrillic: Срб) is a village located in the southeastern part of Lika, in Croatia, administratively divided into Donji Srb (44.371355°N 16.125526°E, population 255, census 2001) and Gornji Srb (44.354941°N 16.120462°E, population 79, census 2001).	Srb	Croatia
country	Mount Somers is a small town in Canterbury, New Zealand, nestled in the foothills of the Southern Alps.	Mount Somers	New Zealand
country	Piz Ault is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of the Oberalpstock in Switzerland.	Piz Ault	Switzerland
country	Deh Now-e Qalandaran (Persian: دهنوقلندران‎‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Qalandarān; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District, Jenah District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Qalandaran	Iran
country	The Kak Pul (Urdu: کاک پل) (preferred), Kaak Pul or Kaak bridge is a bridge in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Kak Pul	Pakistan
country	The Stockholm urban area (Swedish: Stockholms tätort) is the largest and most populous of the statistical localities or urban areas in Sweden.	Stockholm urban area	Sweden
country	Yakkasaray (also spelled Yakkasaroy) is one of 11 districts (tuman) of Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.	Yakkasaray	Uzbekistan
country	The Gunnar Mine was a uranium mine in northern Saskatchewan, Canada located around 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of the community of Uranium City.	Gunnar Mine	Canada
country	Jaworówko (javɔˈrufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jaworówko	Poland
country	Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital and Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary and hospital based near Mousehole, a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital and Sanctuary	United Kingdom
country	Kemperi (Georgian: ქემფერი) is a village in Khashuri Municipality of Shida Kartli region in Georgia.	Kemperi	Georgia
country	Kerið (occasionally Anglicized as Kerith or Kerid) is a volcanic crater lake located in the Grímsnes area in south Iceland, on the popular tourist route known as the Golden Circle.	Kerið	Iceland
country	Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu (pronounced (ˈxɾiːp pɾi ˈɾoːʒnɛm ˈdoːlu); German: Hrib bei Rosenthal) is a small settlement in the hills west of Rožni Dol in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Hrib pri Rožnem Dolu	Slovenia
country	Zahínos is a municipality located in the southwestern corner of the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.	Zahínos	Spain
country	Ramsvik Church (Norwegian: Ramsvik kirke) is a church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ramsvik Church	Norway
country	Chato District is one of the five districts in Geita Region of northwestern Tanzania.	Chato District	Tanzania
country	Dast-e Gechan (Persian: دست گچان‎, also Romanized as Dast-e Gechān) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dast-e Gechan	Iran
country	Ševlje (pronounced (ˈʃeːu̯ljɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ševlje	Slovenia
country	Exercise Tocsin was an emergency preparedness drill held by the Government of Canada on November 13, 1961 that simulated a nuclear attack by the USSR on Canada.	Exercise Tocsin	Canada
country	Tiniroto is a small farming and forestry community on the ``inland'' road from Gisborne to Wairoa in the eastern part of the North Island of New Zealand.	Tiniroto	New Zealand
country	Völtendorf Airport (German: Flugplatz Völtendorf, ICAO: LOAD) is a private use airport located 0 kilometres (0 mi) west-southwest of Völtendorf, Lower Austria, Austria.	Völtendorf Airport	Austria
country	Dawson Falls is one of seven waterfalls on the Murtle River in Wells Gray Provincial Park, British Columbia, Canada.	Dawson Falls	Canada
country	National Chung Cheng University (CCU; Chinese: 國立中正大學) is a public research university located in Minxiong Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	National Chung Cheng University	Taiwan
country	Chelsea Harbour Pier is a pier on the River Thames, in London, United Kingdom.	Chelsea Harbour Pier	United Kingdom
country	The valley of Punial (Urdu: ڀو نيا ل) is situated in Ghizer District in the Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, where hundreds of thousands of tourists visit annually.	Punial	Pakistan
country	Sunabeda is a township and a municipality in the state of Odisha, India, located in the valleys of the Koraput region.	Sunabeda	India
country	Tricarico (Greek: Triakron) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, Basilicata, southern Italy.	Tricarico	Italy
country	The Combatant Clergy Association (in Persian: جامعه روحانیت مبارز‎‎ Jāme'e-ye Rowhāniyyat-e Mobārez) is a political party in Iran.	Combatant Clergy Association	Iran
country	St. Catherine's Church, Pärnu (Estonian: Katariina kirik) is a Russian Orthodox church in Pärnu, Estonia.	St. Catherine's Church, Pärnu	Estonia
country	The University Teaching Hospital of Yaounde (French: Centre Hospitalier et Universitaire de Yaoundé - CHU) is a University Hospital in Yaoundé, Cameroon, founded by a Presidential decree on the 28th of October 1965.	University Teaching Hospital of Yaounde	Cameroon
country	Yeyenwu is a cave in Hiw, the northernmost island of Vanuatu.	Yeyenwu	Vanuatu
country	Dołubowo-Wyręby (dɔwuˈbɔvɔ vɨˈrɛmbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dołubowo-Wyręby	Poland
country	Židikai Marija Pečkauskaitė secondary school (lt: Židikų Marijos Pečkauskaitės vidurinė mokykla) is a secondary school located in Židikai, Lithuania.	Židikai Marija Pečkauskaitė secondary school	Lithuania
country	Kent Ridge Bus Terminal (Chinese: 肯特岗巴士终站) is a bus station located at Kent Ridge, in the west of Singapore.	Kent Ridge Bus Terminal	Singapore
country	Wola Żarczycka (ˈvɔla ʐarˈt͡ʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Żarczycka	Poland
country	Tarung Derajat is a full body contact martial art from West Java, Indonesia, created by Haji Achmad Dradjat.	Tarung Derajat	Indonesia
country	The Little River Rail Trail is a cycling and walking track on Banks Peninsula in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Little River Rail Trail	New Zealand
country	Pyramid Valley is a limestone rock formation near Waikari in the North Canterbury region of New Zealand.	Pyramid Valley	New Zealand
country	Minnagara was an ancient port located in what is now the modern city of Karachi, in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Minnagara	Pakistan
country	The Rockcliffe Yacht Club is a non-profit Yacht club based on the south shore of the Ottawa River near the Ottawa/Rockcliffe Airport in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada north of the Canada Aviation Museum.	Rockcliffe Yacht Club	Canada
country	The Changzhou North Railway Station (Chinese: 常州北站) is a high-speed railway station in Changzhou, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Changzhou North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Anlong Run (Khmer: ឃុំអន្លង់រុន) is a khum (commune) of Thma Koul District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Anlong Run	Cambodia
country	Collège Sainte-Anne is a private Canadian corporation of Kindergarten, High School and Pre-university schools located in Montreal, Canada, in the boroughs of Lachine and Dorval.	Collège Sainte-Anne	Canada
country	Tryon Island is a coral cay located in the southern Great Barrier Reef, 86 km northeast of Gladstone, Queensland, Australia, and 465 km north of the state capital Brisbane.	Tryon Island	Australia
country	The Henley-on-Todd Regatta (also called the Todd River Race) is a ``boat'' race held annually in the typically dry sandy bed of the Todd River in Alice Springs, Australia.	Henley-on-Todd Regatta	Australia
country	Kamaleswaram Mahadeva Temple is a temple for Lord Shiva situated in Kamaleswaram , near by Govt. Kamaleswaram Higher Secondary School, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Kamaleswaram Mahadeva Temple	India
country	Domokos (Greek: Δομοκός), the ancient Thaumacus or Thaumacie, is a town and a municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.	Domokos	Greece
country	Nanning is home of the 21st tallest building in the People's Republic of China, the Diwang International Commerce Center, at 276 m (906 ft), currently the tallest building in Guangxi and southwestern China (excluding Chongqing).	Nanning	People's Republic of China
country	Feni Computer Institute is a technology based institution in Feni Sadar Upazila, Bangladesh.	Feni Computer Institute	Bangladesh
country	Niphad railway station is a railway station in the state of Maharashtra, India, on the Central Railway network, 32 km from Nasik Road.	Niphad railway station	India
country	Dolmarz (Persian: دلمرز‎; also known as Dowlemarz and Dūlmarz) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dolmarz	Iran
country	This give Masters Home Improvement the title of Australia's first online hardware and home improvement retailer.	Masters Home Improvement	Australia
country	The Esparragalejo Dam was a Roman multiple arch buttress dam at Esparragalejo, Badajoz province, Extremadura, Spain.	Esparragalejo Dam	Spain
country	Redonda is an uninhabited Caribbean island which is politically part of Antigua and Barbuda, in the Leeward Islands, West Indies.	Redonda	Antigua and Barbuda
country	So its name is Vasant Kunj 2 As of 2001 India census, Nangal Dewat had a population of 13,168.	Nangal Dewat	India
country	Beacon Park is a public park in the centre of the city of Lichfield, Staffordshire, in the United Kingdom.	Beacon Park	United Kingdom
country	Merkers-Kieselbach is a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany.	Merkers-Kieselbach	Germany
country	The Cape Hope Islands are an uninhabited Canadian arctic islands group located within the midsection of James Bay in Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Hope Islands	Canada
country	Bjugn Church (Norwegian: Bjugn kirke) is a church in the municipality of Bjugn in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bjugn Church	Norway
country	The Rama V Bridge (Thai: สะพานพระราม 5) is a bridge across the Chao Phraya River in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.	Rama V Bridge	Thailand
country	Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute (OSCVI), located in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada, is one of the oldest schools in Canada having been founded in 1856 and in the late 1880s and early 1890s was the most academically successful school in Ontario.	Owen Sound Collegiate and Vocational Institute	Canada
country	Mont Saint-Bruno is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec, Canada.	Mont Saint-Bruno	Canada
country	The Sejm of the Republic of Poland ((sɛjm); Polish: Sejm Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej) is the lower house of the Polish parliament.	Sejm	Poland
country	Faqir Zehi Nur Mohammad (Persian: فقيرزهي نورمحمد‎, also Romanized as Faqīr Zehī Nūr Moḩammad) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Faqir Zehi Nur Mohammad	Iran
country	Ağrı İbrahim Çeçen University (Turkish: Ağrı İbrahim Çeçen Üniversitesi, ICUA) is a public higher educational institution located in Ağrı, Eastern Anatolia in Turkey.	Ağrı İbrahim Çeçen University	Turkey
country	Berrueces de Campos is a municipality of 109 people of Valladolid province in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Berrueces de Campos	Spain
country	The Cayuga Speedway, also known as the Cayuga 2000 Speedway, is a racing track located near Cayuga in Haldimand County, Ontario, Canada.	Cayuga Speedway	Canada
country	Kråkvåg is a populated group of islands in the municipality of Ørland in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kråkvåg	Norway
country	Damdama (Persian: دامداما‎, also Romanized as Dāmdāmā) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Damdama	Iran
country	Sea Hill Lighthouse, also known as Sea Hill Point Light Little Sea Hill Light, was a lighthouse on the northwest point of Curtis Island, Queensland, Australia.	Sea Hill Light	Australia
country	Collège Laval is a private Roman Catholic French-language high school located in Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Laval, Quebec, in Canada.	Collège Laval	Canada
country	Wisma Atria (Chinese: 威士马广场) is an established shopping mall on Orchard Road in Singapore with retail businesses on 5 levels.	Wisma Atria	Singapore
country	The Route du Sud is a road bicycle race with 4 stages held annually in Southern France.	Route du Sud	France
country	The House of Freedoms (Italian: Casa delle Libertà, CdL), was a major centre-right political and electoral alliance in Italy, led by Silvio Berlusconi.	House of Freedoms	Italy
country	Koro Toro is an anthropological and an archaeological site located in southern Borkou-Ennedi-Tibesti Region in Chad.	Koro Toro	Chad
country	The Pula Cathedral or fully the Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Croatian: Katedrala uznesenja Blažene Djevice Marije) is a co-cathedral in Pula, Croatia.	Pula Cathedral	Croatia
country	The Galerie Neue Meister (German pronunciation: (ɡaləˈʁiː ˈnɔʏə ˈmaɪstɐ), New Masters Gallery) in Dresden, Germany, displays around 300 paintings from the 19th century until today, including works from Otto Dix, Edgar Degas, Vincent van Gogh and Claude Monet.	Galerie Neue Meister	Germany
country	Ángel S. Adami Airport (ICAO: SUAA) is an airport serving Montevideo, Uruguay, located in the neighborhood of Lezica-Melilla.	Ángel S. Adami Airport	Uruguay
country	Aruchavank or the Cathedral of Aruch (Արուճավանք; also Surb Grigor) is situated on a rocky plateau at the western foot of Mount Aragats in the village of Aruch in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Aruchavank	Armenia
country	Urmia University of Medical Sciences, is a medical school in Urmia, West Azarbaijan province of Iran.	Urmia University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Załęże-Sędzięta (zaˈwɛ̃ʐɛ sɛnˈd͡ʑɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Załęże-Sędzięta	Poland
country	Lonato del Garda (before 1 July 2007 Lonato) is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy.	Lonato del Garda	Italy
country	Shur-e Sofla (Persian: شورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Shūr-e Soflá; also known as Shūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shur-e Sofla	Iran
country	Karłów (ˈkarwuf) (German: Karlsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Karłów	Poland
country	Suchá Hora (Polish: Sucha Góra) is a village and municipality in Tvrdošín District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.	Suchá Hora	Slovakia
country	The Zarafshan Range (Russian: Зеравшанский хребет, Tajik: Зарафшон, Uzbek: Zarafshon; also Zeravshan or Zarafshon; from the Persian word Persian: زرافشان‎‎ zar-afshān, meaning ``the sprayer of gold'') is a mountain range in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, part of the Pamir-Alay mountains.	Zarafshan Range	Tajikistan	Uzbekistan
country	Cañacao Bay is a small bay located within the larger Manila Bay in Luzon island in the Philippines.	Cañacao Bay	Philippines
country	Khosta railway station (Russian: Станция Хоста) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway, a subsidiary of Russian Railways, located in Khosta, Khostinsky City District of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Khosta railway station	Russia
country	Lupac (Romanian: Lupac; Croatian: Lupak; Hungarian: Kiskrassó) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, Romania.	Lupac	Romania
country	Hägersten-Liljeholmen is a borough (stadsdelsområde) in Stockholm, Sweden.	Hägersten-Liljeholmen	Sweden
country	Sémien is a town in western Ivory Coast.	Sémien	Ivory Coast
country	Večkoti (pronounced (ʋɛtʃˈkoːti)) is a small settlement to the southeast of the village of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Večkoti	Slovenia
country	Koreana Hotel is a skyscraper and hotel on Taepyeongno, in Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Koreana Hotel	South Korea
country	Jeziora-Nowina (jɛˈʑɔra nɔˈvina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jeziora-Nowina	Poland
country	Minija is a river in western Lithuania and a tributary to Nemunas.	Minija	Lithuania
country	Zuidschalkwijk was a hamlet in the northwestern Netherlands.	Zuidschalkwijk	Netherlands
country	Pedace is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in Calabria, a region of southern Italy.	Pedace	Italy
country	Schwieberdingen is a town of about 10,700 inhabitants located in Southwest Germany.	Schwieberdingen	Germany
country	According to the Office for National Statistics, at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001, Alpheton had a population of 242 with 96 households., increasing to 256 at the 2011 Census.	Alpheton	United Kingdom
country	The Hegau is an extinct volcanic landscape in southern Germany extending around the industrial city of Singen (Hohentwiel), between Lake Constance in the east, the Rhine River in the south, the Danube River in the north and the Randen--as the southwestern mountains of the Swabian Jura are called--in the west.	Hegau	Germany
country	Goromonzi is a rural community in East Mashonaland, Zimbabwe, 20 miles (32 km) southeast of the country's capital city of Harare.	Goromonzi	Zimbabwe
country	Boulevard Royal is a street in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Boulevard Royal	Luxembourg
country	Waiharara is a community at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula in Northland, New Zealand.	Waiharara	New Zealand
country	The Salt Cathedral of Zipaquirá (Spanish: Catedral de Sal de Zipaquirá) is an underground Roman Catholic church built within the tunnels of a salt mine 200 metres (220 yd) underground in a Halite mountain near the town of Zipaquirá, in Cundinamarca, Colombia.	Salt Cathedral of Zipaquirá	Colombia
country	Säffle (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈsɛfˈlɛ)) is a locality and the seat of Säffle Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 8,991 inhabitants in 2010.	Säffle	Sweden
country	Thinis or This (Egyptian: Tjenu) was the capital city of the first dynasties of ancient Egypt.	Thinis	Egypt
country	Jatun Wila Qullu (Quechua jatun, hatun big, great,Aymara wila red or blood, qullu mountain, ``great red mountain'', hispanicized spelling Jatun Wila Kkollu, Jatun Willa Kollu) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia, about 5,214 m (17,106 ft) high.	Jatun Wila Qullu	Bolivia
country	Bramberg am Wildkogel is a municipality in the district of Zell am See (Pinzgau region), in the state of Salzburg, Austria.	Bramberg am Wildkogel	Austria
country	Kalpathipuzha River is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River, the second-longest river in Kerala, south India.	Kalpathipuzha River	India
country	Alpha1Estates is a global Islamic real estate consultancy founded in 2004 with its headquarters based in Marble Arch in London, United Kingdom.	Alpha1Estates	United Kingdom
country	Rängs sand is a locality situated in Vellinge Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 808 inhabitants in 2010.	Rängs sand	Sweden
country	Zawisty Podleśne (zaˈvistɨ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zawisty Podleśne	Poland
country	Oakville Assembly Complex is a Ford Motor Company automobile factory in Oakville, Ontario, Canada spanning 5,464,000 square feet in area.	Oakville Assembly	Canada
country	Džepi (Cyrillic: Џепи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Džepi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Aegina Treasure or Aigina Treasure is an important Minoan gold hoard found on the island of Aegina, Greece.	Aegina Treasure	Greece
country	The Southern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium is a 4-million-cubic-foot (110,000 m3) performing arts, culture and community facility located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Southern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium	Canada
country	The Catania Metro (Italian: Metropolitana di Catania) is a classical metro system serving the city of Catania, Sicily, in southern Italy.	Catania Metro	Italy
country	Nanhu Mountain (Chinese: 南湖大山) is a mountain in Taiwan with an elevation of 3,740 m (12,270 ft).	Nanhu Mountain	Taiwan
country	Vrbljani (Cyrillic: Врбљани) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrbljani	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Balclutha Road Bridge, which spans the Clutha River in Balclutha, South Otago, New Zealand, is one of the best-known road bridges in New Zealand's South Island.	Balclutha Road Bridge	New Zealand
country	The Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) is a financial lobbying group that works on behalf of 59 domestic banks, foreign bank subsidiaries and foreign bank branches operating in Canada and their 280,000 employees.	Canadian Bankers Association	Canada
country	Ozrinići is a small town in central-western Montenegro.	Ozrinići	Montenegro
country	Shuhadaa al-Salawi was a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Benghazi, Libya.	Shuhadaa al-Salawi	Libya
country	Fahil (Arabic: فاحل‎) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, northwest of Homs.	Fahil	Syria
country	Choolai is a developed residential area in Central Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Choolai	India
country	Baggböle is a small village on the Ume River in northern Sweden, approximately 8 km (5 mi) upstream of the city of Umeå.	Baggböle	Sweden
country	Trädgårdstvärgränd (Swedish: (literally) ``Garden's Cross-Alley'') is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Trädgårdstvärgränd	Sweden
country	Rathkarawwa (රත්කරව්ව in Sinhala language)is a village in Welimada Divisional Secretariat in Badulla District, Sri Lanka with a population of about 1000.	Rathkarawwa	Sri Lanka
country	One Raffles Quay (Chinese: 莱佛士码头一号) is an office building complex located at Raffles Place, the central business district of Singapore.	One Raffles Quay	Singapore
country	Flensburg-Schäferhaus Airport is a regional airport in Germany (IATA: FLF, ICAO: EDXF).	Flensburg-Schäferhaus Airport	Germany
country	Mylanthanai (Tamil: மயிலந்தனை) was a minority Sri Lankan Tamil populated village in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka in the Batticaloa district.	Mylanthanai	Sri Lanka
country	Nyurba Airport (IATA: NYR, ICAO: UENN) is an airport serving the urban locality of Nyurba, Nyurbinsky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Nyurba Airport	Russia
country	Obor is the name of a square and the surrounding district of Bucharest, the capital of Romania.	Obor	Romania
country	Tiachiv (Ukrainian: Тячів) is a city located on the Tisza River in Zakarpattia Oblast (region) in western Ukraine.	Tiachiv	Ukraine
country	Målselvdalen is the largest valley in Troms county, Norway.	Målselvdalen	Norway
country	The Avranchin is an area in Normandy, France corresponding to the territory of the Abrincatui, a tribe of Celts from whom the city of Avranches, the main town of the Avranchin, takes its name.	Avranchin	France
country	Relizane Airport (ICAO: DAAZ) is a civilian airport in Algeria, located 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) west-northwest of Zemmora (Relizane); about 235 kilometres (146 mi) west-southwest of Algiers.	Relizane Airport	Algeria
country	Deir Hanna (Arabic: دير حنا‎, Hebrew: דֵיר חַנָּא) is a local council in the North District of Israel, located on the hills of the Lower Galilee, 23 kilometres (14 mi) southeast of Acre.	Deir Hanna	Israel
country	Kishū Tōshō-gū (紀州東照宮) is a Shinto shrine in Wakayama, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.	Kishū Tōshō-gū	Japan
country	Puig de la Mola is a mountain in the Garraf Massif, Catalonia, Spain.	Puig de la Mola	Spain
country	The Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 张家川回族自治县; traditional Chinese: 張家川回族自治縣; pinyin: Zhāngjiāchuān Huízú Zìzhìxiàn; Xiao'erjing: جْاکِاچُوًا خُوِذُو ذِجِشِیًا) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Zhangjiachuan Hui Autonomous County	People's Republic of China
country	Borki Małe (ˈbɔrki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Borki Małe	Poland
country	Kladje nad Blanco (pronounced (ˈklaːdjɛ nad ˈblaːntsɔ)) is a settlement east of Blanca on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Kladje nad Blanco	Slovenia
country	Granvin Station (Norwegian: Granvin stasjon) is a former railway station on the Hardanger Line, located at Granvin, Norway.	Granvin Station	Norway
country	The Bến Nghé River, also Ben Nghe Channel(Vietnamese: Sông Bến Nghé) is a river of Vietnam.	Bến Nghé River	Vietnam
country	Madau is an island in Papua New Guinea a few hundred metres off the northwestern tipp of Woodlark Island.	Madau	Papua New Guinea
country	Air Force Base Swartkop (ICAO: FASK) is South Africa's oldest air force base and houses the South African Air Force Museum.	Air Force Base Swartkop	South Africa
country	Barajin (Persian: باراجين‎, also Romanized as Bārājīn, Bārāchīn, Barajān; also known as Parāchān) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Barajin	Iran
country	The Platong gas field (Thai: ปลาทอง, lit. ``goldfish'') is an oil and gas geological structure and it is situated in the Gulf of Thailand.	Platong gas field	Thailand
country	Lepena (pronounced (lɛˈpeːna); Italian: Lepegna) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Lepena	Slovenia
country	Guacamole Films is a film production company in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Guacamole Films	Argentina
country	The National Democratic Revival (Albanian: Rilindja Demokratike Kombëtare, RDK, Macedonian: Национална Демократска Преродба, НДП, Nacionalna Demokratska Prerodba, NDP) is a political party in the Republic of Macedonia that represents the Albanian population.	National Democratic Revival	Macedonia
country	Méthamis (Occitan: Metàmis) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Méthamis	France
country	Santa Lucía Cotzumalguapa (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsanta luˈsi.a kotsumalˈɣwapa)) is a municipality in the Escuintla department of Guatemala.	Santa Lucía Cotzumalguapa	Guatemala
country	Hongxing District (simplified Chinese: 红星区; traditional Chinese: 紅星區; pinyin: Hóngxīng Qū; literally: ``red star'') is a district of the city of Yichun, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Hongxing District	People's Republic of China
country	Aboaso is a town in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, located about 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Kumasi.	Aboaso	Ghana
country	Balatonmáriafürdő is a village located on the southern shore of Lake Balaton in Somogy county, Hungary.	Balatonmáriafürdő	Hungary
country	Deerpark Mines, located about 3 km north of Castlecomer, County Kilkenny, were the largest opencast coalmines in Ireland, giving great employment to the area.	Deerpark Mines	Ireland
country	Calton, Ontario is a hamlet within the township of Malahide in Elgin County, Ontario, Canada.	Calton, Ontario	Canada
country	Kailu County (Mongolian: ᠺᠠᠶᠢᠯᠦ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Ḵayilü siyan; simplified Chinese: 开鲁县; traditional Chinese: 開魯縣; pinyin: Kāilǔ Xiàn) is a county in the east of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Kailu County	People's Republic of China
country	Bortelsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Brig in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Bortelsee	Switzerland
country	Pantao is a community in the western coastal area of Libon, Albay province in central Philippines.	Pantao	Philippines
country	Ragnarock is a record label run by Erik Blücher in Helsingborg, Sweden.	Ragnarock	Sweden
country	Burlington GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network, located at 2101 Fairview Street in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, just south of Queen Elizabeth Way between Guelph Line and Brant Street.	Burlington GO Station	Canada
country	The Warsaw Metro (Polish: Metro Warszawskie) is a rapid transit system serving the city of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.	Warsaw Metro	Poland
country	The Naples National Archaeological Museum (Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Napoli, MANN) is a museum in Naples, southern Italy, at the northwest corner of the original Greek wall of the city of Neapolis.	Naples National Archaeological Museum	Italy
country	Baddo, also spelt Bado, is a village in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Baddo	Pakistan
country	Towards the end of the Weimar Republic, as the political situation in Germany became more violent, the Romanisches Café gradually lost its role.	Romanisches Café	Germany
country	The Neckar Valley Railway, or Neckar Valley Main Line (German: Neckartalbahn) is a railway line from Heidelberg via Eberbach and Mosbach to Bad Friedrichshall-Jagstfeld in southwestern Germany.	Neckar Valley Railway	Germany
country	Bolshoy Kekuknaysky (Russian: Большой Кекукнайский) is a volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Bolshoy Kekuknaysky	Russia
country	Kash Rud (Persian: كشرود‎, also Romanized as Kash Rūd) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kash Rud	Iran
country	Nzamaligué is a village in Estuaire Province in northwestern Gabon .	Nzamaligué	Gabon
country	Allineuc (Breton: Alineg, Gallo: Aleinoec) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.	Allineuc	France
country	Żulinki (ʐuˈliŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żulinki	Poland
country	Belushya Guba (Russian: Белу́шья Губа́, lit. beluga whale bay), also Belushye is a work settlement and the administrative center of Novaya Zemlya District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Gusinaya Zemlya peninsula of the Yuzhny Island of the Novaya Zemlya arctic archipelago.	Belushya Guba	Russia
country	Luonnonmaa is an island in the city of Naantali, in south-western Finland.	Luonnonmaa	Finland
country	Tit Kan (Persian: تيتكن‎, also Romanized as Tīt Kan; also known as Tītagīn, Tī Takīn, Tītgīn, and Tītkīn) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tit Kan	Iran
country	Nootka Island is an island adjacent to Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Nootka Island	Canada
country	Galápagos National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Galápagos), established in 1959 and beginning operations in 1968, is Ecuador's first national park and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Galápagos National Park	Ecuador
country	Shahran Market also known as Shahran Bazaar is located in Hyderabad, India near to Charminar and Laad Bazaar.	Shahran Market	India
country	Victoria Park High School is a co-ed higher education day school situated in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Victoria Park High School	South Africa
country	Pradejón is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.	Pradejón	Spain
country	Arpachin (Russian: Арпачи́н), is a village (Khutor) in Bagayevsky District of Rostov Oblast, Russia.	Arpachin	Russia
country	Palmarolle is a municipality in northwestern Quebec, Canada, in the Abitibi-Ouest Regional County Municipality.	Palmarolle	Canada
country	Mokau Falls is a cascade located at the head of Mokau Inlet in New Zealand's Lake Waikaremoana.	Mokau Falls	New Zealand
country	Taman Cuepacs is a major township in Cheras, Selangor, Malaysia.	Taman Cuepacs	Malaysia
country	Kempas Highway or Jalan Kempas (Johor state route ) is a major highway in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	Kempas Highway	Malaysia
country	Raichur Airport (ICAO: VORR) is the small airport serving Raichur city in the Karnataka state of India.	Raichur Airport	India
country	The National Library José Martí (Spanish: Biblioteca Nacional José Martí) is the national library in Cuba.	National Library José Martí	Cuba
country	Diesten is a village subordinated to the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle district on the Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany.	Diesten	Germany
country	2001 S.League was the sixth season of Singapore's professional football league.	2001 S.League	Singapore
country	The Kaijende Highlands are a nearly uninhabited expanse of mountains near Porgera in Enga Province, Papua New Guinea.	Kaijende Highlands	Papua New Guinea
country	Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua (Danish: Sandflugtdalen) is a river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua	Greenland
country	Groß-Enzersdorf is a town and municipality in the district of Gänserndorf in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, directly to the east of Vienna and north of the river Danube.	Groß-Enzersdorf	Austria
country	Demilu (Persian: دميلو‎, also Romanized as Demīlū, Damiloo, and Domīlū) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Demilu	Iran
country	Güel is an old hamlet in the Ribagorça county in Huesca, Spain.	Güel	Spain
country	Fredensborg Palace (Danish: Fredensborg Slot; pronounced (ˈfʁæðˀn̩sbɒːˀ)) is a palace located on the eastern shore of Lake Esrum (Danish, Esrum Sø) in Fredensborg on the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in Denmark.	Fredensborg Palace	Denmark
country	Mid Valley City is a large mixed development in the Seputeh ward in southwestern Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Mid Valley City	Malaysia
country	Snežatno (pronounced (snɛˈʒaːtnɔ)) is a settlement south of Kojsko in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Italy.	Snežatno	Slovenia
country	The Óbuda Synagogue is a synagogue built in Óbuda, Hungary in 1820.	Óbuda Synagogue	Hungary
country	Stráňany (previously until 1948 Folvark, Hungarian: Nagymajor, Polish: Folwark, Rusyn: Страняны) is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Stráňany	Slovakia
country	Gahru (Persian: گهرو‎, also Romanized as Gahrū; also known as Kahrū) is a city in the Central District of Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gahru	Iran
country	The Upper Grand District School Board (known as English-language Public District School Board No. 18 prior to 1999) is a school board in Ontario, Canada.	Upper Grand District School Board	Canada
country	Little Yenisei River (Russian: Малый Енисей) a river in northern Mongolia and in Tuva.	Little Yenisei River	Mongolia
country	Gaśno (ˈɡaɕnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gaśno	Poland
country	Şambul (also, Shambul, Shambulbina, and Shambuloba) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şambul	Azerbaijan
country	Nikolayevsk-on-Amur Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Николаевск-на-Амуре) (IATA: NLI) is an airport serving the locality of Nikolayevsk-on-Amur, in the Khabarovsk Krai of Russia.	Nikolayevsk-on-Amur Airport	Russia
country	Baonine (Serbian Cyrillic: Баонине) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Baonine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Malmir (Persian: مالمير‎, also Romanized as Mālmīr, Māl-e Mīr, and Māl Mīr) is a village in Malmir Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Malmir	Iran
country	Casalinhos de Alfaiata is a hamlet in the parish of Silveira, in the municipality of Torres Vedras, Portugal.	Casalinhos de Alfaiata	Portugal
country	Afus (Persian: افوس‎, also Romanized as Afūs; also known as Afūz) is a city in Central District, in Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Afus	Iran
country	Kanli (Greek: Κανλί; Turkish: Kanlıköy) is a village in Cyprus, 5 km west of Gönyeli.	Kanli	Cyprus
country	I Hate Sally was a four-piece metal/post-hardcore band from Ontario, Canada.	I Hate Sally	Canada
country	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District (Persian: دهستان سادات محمودئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District	Iran
country	DSC Multi-Purpose Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that is currently under construction.	DSC Multi-Purpose Stadium	United Arab Emirates
country	Filtvet is a small village along the Oslofjord in Hurum, Buskerud County, Norway.	Filtvet	Norway
country	Saint-André-de-Boëge is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Saint-André-de-Boëge	France
country	Deglos is a settlement on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, between Trois Pitons and Barre Denis.	Deglos	Saint Lucia
country	The Telemark Canal connects Skien to Dalen in southern Norway by linking several long lakes in the Skien watershed through a series of 18 locks.	Telemark Canal	Norway
country	St. Andrew's Preparatory School is a private, co-educational boarding school in Grahamstown, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	St. Andrew's Preparatory School	South Africa
country	Palana River is a west-flowing river on the west side of the upper Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Palana River	Russia
country	Słupia (German: Stolpe) is a river in north-western Poland, a tributary of the Baltic Sea, with a length of 138 kilometres and the basin area of 1,623 km².	Słupia	Poland
country	Agencia Estatal de Meteorología, AEMET (translated from Spanish as the State Meteorological Agency) is Spain's meteorological agency operating under the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Environment.	Agencia Estatal de Meteorología	Spain
country	Gostilj is an urban area in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gostilj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Proniewicze (prɔɲɛˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Proniewicze	Poland
country	Ďurkovce (Hungarian: Gyürki) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Ďurkovce	Slovakia
country	Their single ``The Revolution'' was the 9th best-selling single of 2014 in Japan and their album Exile Tribe Revolution was the 8th best-selling album of 2014 in Japan.	Exile Tribe	Japan
country	Lycksele Airport (IATA: LYC, ICAO: ESNL) is a regional airport in Lycksele, northern Sweden.	Lycksele Airport	Sweden
country	Timai refugee camp (Nepali: टिमाइ शरणार्थी शिविर; Timāi śaraṇārthī śivira), located in Jhapa District, Nepal, is home to some 6,874 Bhutanese refugees.	Timai refugee camp	Nepal
country	Colachi is a stratovolcano in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile.	Colachi	Chile
country	The Piazza delle Gondole (``Square of Gondolas'') is a piazza in Pisa, Italy.	Piazza delle Gondole	Italy
country	Golyam Rezen (Bulgarian: Голям Резен / ``Big Slice'') is a peak on Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria.	Golyam Rezen	Bulgaria
country	The Grenland Terminal (Norwegian: Grenlandsterminalen), also known as the Brevik Terminal (Norwegian: Brevikterminalen), is a combined rail freight terminal and port located at Heistad just north of Brevik in Porsgrunn, Norway.	Grenland Terminal	Norway
country	Mahunak (Persian: ماهونك‎, also Romanized as Māhūnak; also known as Māhūtak) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahunak	Iran
country	Woodstock Dam is located on the upper reaches of the Tugela, KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa and is the main source of water for the Thukela-Vaal Transfer Scheme.	Woodstock Dam	South Africa
country	The Memorial to Zhou Enlai and Deng Yingchao (Chinese: 周恩来邓颖超纪念馆) is a museum in Tianjin, the People's Republic of China.	Memorial to Zhou Enlai and Deng Yingchao	People's Republic of China
country	Marsabit is a town in the northern Marsabit County in Kenya.	Marsabit	Kenya
country	The Clarion Hotel Post, opened on 26 January 2012, is a hotel and conference facility at Drottningtorget in central Gothenburg, Sweden.	Clarion Hotel Post	Sweden
country	State Bank Of India, Kohora Branch SBI ATM, Near SBI, Kohora	Kohora	India
country	Parambikulam Dam is an embankment dam on the Parambikulam River, Parambikulam located in the Palakkad district in the Western Ghats of Kerala, India, ranks number one in India as well as in the top ten embankment dams in the world in volume in the year 2000.	Parambikulam Dam	India
country	Dashinchilen (Mongolian: Дашинчилэн) is a sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Dashinchilen	Mongolia
country	Şelli (also, Shelli and Shelly) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şelli	Azerbaijan
country	Torit County is an administrative region in Eastern Equatoria State of South Sudan, with headquarters in the town of Torit, which is also the state capital.	Torit County	South Sudan
country	Gersau is a municipality and district in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland, sitting on the shores of Lake Lucerne.	Gersau	Switzerland
country	Upper Burma (Burmese: အထက်မြန်မာပြည်, also called Real Myanmar) refers to a geographic region of Burma (Myanmar), traditionally encompassing Mandalay and its periphery (modern Mandalay, Sagaing, Magway Regions), or more broadly speaking, Kachin and Shan States.	Upper Burma	Myanmar
country	Balcatta FC is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Balcatta, Perth, Western Australia.	Balcatta FC	Australia
country	Connor's Cottage is situated on Piesse Street in Toodyay, Western Australia.	Connor's Cottage	Australia
country	Acheleia (Greek: Αχέλεια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located near to Paphos International Airport.	Acheleia	Cyprus
country	Sowch-e Pain (Persian: سوچ پايين‎, also Romanized as Sowch-e Pā’īn; also known as Sowch-e Soflá) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sowch-e Pain	Iran
country	Grębowo (ɡrɛmˈbɔvɔ) (German: Grambow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Grębowo	Poland
country	Sannavur (South) is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sannavur (South)	India
country	Saintala, a taluk located at about 35 km south of Balangir-Titlagarh road in Titlagarh sub-division of Bolangir district, Odisha, India, has immense historical and archaeological importance.	Saintala	India
country	Maijoma is a rural community located in Ojinaga Municipality, Chihuahua, Mexico.	Maijoma	Mexico
country	Mastoorah is a village next to Rabigh in the area of Hijaz in the western part of Saudi Arabia.	Mastoorah	Saudi Arabia
country	Nuestra Señora Santa María de la Asunción (Spanish pronunciation: (asunˈsjon), Guarani: Paraguay) is the capital and largest city of Paraguay.	Asunción	Paraguay
country	Sangro River War Cemetery (Italian: Cimitero britannico di Torino di Sangro) is a British and Commonwealth war cemetery sited by a hillside near Torino di Sangro in the Province of Chieti, Italy.	Sangro River War Cemetery	Italy
country	The district of Santa Bárbara de Heredia is one of the six districts that make up the canton of Santa Bárbara, Costa Rica.	Santa Bárbara de Heredia	Costa Rica
country	Diphu Government College was established in the year 1964 in Diphu with the main aim of providing higher education in the backward Karbi Anglong District of Assam, India.	Diphu Government College	India
country	Sar Durab (Persian: سردوراب‎, also Romanized as Sar Dūrāb) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Durab	Iran
country	Sławice (swaˈvit͡sɛ) (German Slawitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sławice	Poland
country	Lapathos (Greek: (το) Λάπαθος; Turkish: Boğaziçi ``Bosphorus'' or Lapatos) is a small village in Cyprus, between Lefkoniko and Trikomo.	Lapathos	Cyprus
country	Ab Alvan (Persian: اب الوان‎, also Romanized as Āb Alvān) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Alvan	Iran
country	Carlos Reyles is a village in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay.	Carlos Reyles	Uruguay
country	Fréville-du-Gâtinais is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.	Fréville-du-Gâtinais	France
country	Mostépha Ben Boulaid Airport (IATA: BLJ, ICAO: DABT), also known as Batna International Airport or Batna Airport, is an airport serving Batna, Algeria.	Mostépha Ben Boulaid Airport	Algeria
country	Gudja is a village in the Southern Region of Malta with a population of 2,997 (estimation between 20 newborn babies per year) as of March 2013.	Gudja	Malta
country	Nivå Station is a railway station serving the suburb of Nivå on the coast of North Zealand north of central Copenhagen, Denmark, as well as the nearby Nivaagaard Art Gallery.	Nivå Station	Denmark
country	Əliyanlı (also, Aliyanly) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əliyanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Spjelkavik is a borough in the town of Ålesund in Ålesund Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Spjelkavik	Norway
country	Zvolen ( pronunciation ; Hungarian: Zólyom, German: Altsohl) is a town in central Slovakia, situated on the confluence of Hron and Slatina rivers, close to Banská Bystrica.	Zvolen	Slovakia
country	Thonnakkal is a village located on the southern side of Kerala in peninsular India.	Thonnakkal	India
country	Thrissur Zoological Park Wildlife Conversation & Research Centre, Puthur is an upcoming zoological park situated in Puthur in Thrissur City of Kerala State in India.	Thrissur Zoological Park Wildlife Conversation & Research Centre	India
country	The United Kingdom's Institute of Heraldic and Genealogical Studies (IHGS) was founded in 1961 by Cecil Humphery-Smith.	Institute of Heraldic and Genealogical Studies	United Kingdom
country	Las-Jawor (ˈlas ˈjavɔr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Las-Jawor	Poland
country	The Kipengere Range, also known as the Livingstone Mountains, lies in southwest Tanzania at the northern end of Lake Malawi.	Kipengere Range	Tanzania
country	Mount Tavkvetili (Georgian: თავკვეთილი) is a volcanic mountain in the northern part of the Abul-Samsari Range in the Samtskhe-Javakheti region of Southern Georgia.	Tavkvetili	Georgia
country	Kamostek (kaˈmɔstɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kamostek	Poland
country	The Wigan Metropolitan Borough Council is the unicameral legislature of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan in the United Kingdom.	Wigan Metropolitan Borough Council	United Kingdom
country	The RapidEye business concept was designed by Kayser-Threde GmbH, based on a call for ideas from the DLR (German Aerospace Agency), on how to commercialize remote sensing in Germany.	RapidEye	Germany
country	The 1976 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games (French: Les XIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver) (German: Olympische Winterspiele 1976), were a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated February 4--15, 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria.	1976 Winter Olympics	Austria
country	Kjeller is a village located near Lillestrøm in the municipality of Skedsmo, Norway.	Kjeller	Norway
country	The Universidade Colinas de Boé (UCB ) is a private institution of higher education in Guinea-Bissau.	Universidade Colinas de Boé	Guinea-Bissau
country	Hohenschwangau Castle or Schloss Hohenschwangau (lit: High Swan County Palace) is a 19th century palace in southern Germany.	Hohenschwangau Castle	Germany
country	The Cathedral of the Good Shepherd (Basque: Artzain Onaren katedrala, Spanish: Catedral del Buen Pastor de San Sebastián) located in the city of San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country, Spain.	Cathedral of the Good Shepherd	Spain
country	New Buswang is a barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines where majority of residential subdivisions in Kalibo are located.	New Buswang	Philippines
country	Stjernøya (Northern Sami: Stierdná) is an island in western Finnmark county, Norway, sitting at the mouth of the Altafjorden on the south side of the Sørøysundet strait.	Stjernøya	Norway
country	Czorsztyn (ˈt͡ʂɔrʂtɨn) (German: Schorstin) is a village in Poland, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Nowy Targ County.	Czorsztyn	Poland
country	Wannukandi Airport (IATA: NBL , ICAO: MPWN ) is an airport serving Wannukandi, in Panama.	Wannukandi Airport	Panama
country	Auschwitz concentration camp (German: Konzentrationslager Auschwitz, also KZ Auschwitz (kɔntsɛntʁaˈtsi̯oːnsˌlaːɡɐ ˈʔaʊʃvɪts)) was a network of German Nazi concentration camps and extermination camps built and operated by the Third Reich in Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany during World War II. It consisted of Auschwitz I (the original camp), Auschwitz II--	Auschwitz concentration camp	Nazi Germany
country	Kongsvinger Ishall is an indoor ice hockey arena located in Kongsvinger, Hedmark, Norway.	Kongsvinger Ishall	Norway
country	Monthon (Thai: มณฑล) were administrative subdivisions of Thailand at the beginning of the 20th century.	Monthon	Thailand
country	Kamøyfjorden (Northern Sami: Gáhpevuotna) is a fjord on the northeastern side of the large island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kamøyfjorden	Norway
country	Kerry Airport (Irish: Aerfort Chiarraí), often called Farranfore Airport, is a regional airport in Farranfore, Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland.	Kerry Airport	Ireland
country	Røst Airport (Norwegian: Røst lufthavn; IATA: RET, ICAO: ENRS) is a regional airport serving the Røst, Norway.	Røst Airport	Norway
country	Canada eSchool and Ottawa Carleton E-School are private high schools accredited by the Ministry of Education in Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Carleton E-School	Canada
country	Alajuela Lake (Spanish: Lago Alajuela) is an artificial lake on the Chagres River created by the Madden Dam and linked to the Panama Canal.	Alajuela Lake	Panama
country	Filovci (Hungarian: Filóc,) is a village southeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Filovci	Slovenia
country	Chimichagua (Spanish pronunciation: (tʃimiˈtʃaɣwa)) is a city and municipality in the central region of the Department of Cesar, Colombia.	Chimichagua	Colombia
country	The Devonian Botanic Garden is Canada's most northerly botanical garden.	Devonian Botanic Garden	Canada
country	Matkovac (Cyrillic: Матковац) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Matkovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Stadsholmen is the historical name of an island in the centre of Stockholm, Sweden.	Stadsholmen	Sweden
country	Portopetro is a district of Santanyí on the island of Majorca, in the Balearic Islands of Spain, around 62 km from Palma.	Portopetro	Spain
country	Parwan University (Persian: دانشگاه پروان‎‎) is located in Charikar, capital of Parwan province, northern Afghanistan.	Parwan University	Afghanistan
country	The Mangla Dam (Urdu: منگلا بند‎) is a multipurpose dam located on the Jhelum River in the Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Mangla Dam	Pakistan
country	The River Liffey (Irish: An Life) is a river in Ireland, which flows through the centre of Dublin.	River Liffey	Ireland
country	Mjanyana Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Ngcobo in the Chris Hani District Municipality of the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.	Mjanyana Hospital	South Africa
country	Kyneton Secondary College is a secondary school in Kyneton, Victoria, Australia, approximately 90 km north of Melbourne.	Kyneton Secondary College	Australia
country	Widoradz Dolny (viˈdɔrat͡s ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Widoradz Dolny	Poland
country	Lake Afrera (also transliterated as Lake Afdera) is a hypersaline lake in northern Ethiopia.	Lake Afrera	Ethiopia
country	Sandgerðisbær is an Icelandic municipality located in southwestern Iceland on the Southern Peninsula.	Sandgerði	Iceland
country	Alfoz de Lloredo (Aljoz de Lloréu in cantabrian) is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.	Alfoz de Lloredo	Spain
country	The fifth SS Rotterdam, also known as ``The Grande Dame'', is a former ocean liner and cruise ship, and has been a hotel ship in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, since 2010.	SS Rotterdam	Netherlands
country	Feni River (Bengali: ফেনী নদী Feni Nodi) is a river in the Indian state of Tripura and southeastern Bangladesh.	Feni River	Bangladesh
country	The Teleki Blanka Gymnasium is a gymnasium located on 37 Ajtósi Dürer sor in the neighbourhood of Városliget in the XIVth district of Budapest, Hungary.	Teleki Blanka Gymnasium	Hungary
country	Gurak-e Khvorshidi (Persian: گورك خورشيدي‎, also Romanized as Gūrak-e Khvorshīdī; also known as Khorshīdī, Khowrshīdī, and Khvorshīdī) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gurak-e Khvorshidi	Iran
country	Kleczew (ˈklɛt͡ʂɛf) is a town in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, western-central Poland.	Kleczew	Poland
country	The Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park (Galician: Parque Nacional das Illas Atlánticas de Galicia, Spanish: Parque Nacional de las Islas Atlánticas de Galicia) is the only national park located in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.	Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park	Spain
country	Višnjan Observatory (Croatian: Zvjezdarnica Višnjan) is an astronomical observatory located near the village of Višnjan in Croatia.	Višnjan Observatory	Croatia
country	Haylan, (Somali: Heylaan), is an ancient town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Haylan	Somalia
country	Asvestopetra (Greek: Ασβεστόπετρα, Bulgarian: Липинци) is a small town in the Ptolemaida municipal unit, northern Kozani regional unit, Greece.	Asvestopetra	Greece
country	Lille Vildmose (meaning: ``little wild bog'') is a raised bog also known as the East Himmerland Moor in the hinterland in the municipalities of Aalborg and Mariagerfjord, Denmark.	Lille Vildmose	Denmark
country	The Southern Limestone Alps (Italian: Alpi Sud-orientali) are the ranges of the Eastern Alps south of the Central Eastern Alps mainly located in northern Italy and the adjacent lands of Austria and Slovenia.	Southern Limestone Alps	Italy	Austria	Slovenia
country	Todos Santos Lake is a lake in the Beni Department / Santa Cruz Department, Bolivia.	Todos Santos Lake	Bolivia
country	Kućan Marof is a village in northern Croatia, located southeast of Varaždin.	Kućan Marof	Croatia
country	Galamtin (Persian: گلمتين‎, also Romanized as Galamtīn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Galamtin	Iran
country	Tapawera is a small town in New Zealand's South Island.	Tapawera	New Zealand
country	Lake Aschersleben is a former lake in Germany, northeast of the Harz Mountains, south of the town of Aschersleben.	Lake Aschersleben	Germany
country	SM Center Angono is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall developer in the Philippines.	SM Center Angono	Philippines
country	The Moawhango River is a major river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island.	Moawhango River	New Zealand
country	Territory of Traditional Natural Resource Use, TTNRU (Russian: территория традиционного природопользования, ТТП) is a type of land use and protected areas in Russia, established for protection of the tradition way of life of small-numbered indigenous peoples of Russia that live in Siberia and Russian Far East.	Territory of Traditional Natural Resource Use	Russia
country	Góry Małe (ˈɡurɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Góry Małe	Poland
country	Jaisinghpur is a small town and Sub-Division in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Jaisinghpur	India
country	Longaulnay (Breton: Hirwerneg) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Longaulnay	France
country	Chos Malal is the capital city of the Chos Malal Department in Neuquén Province, Argentina.	Chos Malal	Argentina
country	Tral (Kashmiri: ترال) is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir, India, situated 10 km away from National Highway 1A.	Tral	India
country	Şəhadət (also, Shadet and Shakhadat) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şəhadət	Azerbaijan
country	Drelów (ˈdrɛluf) is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Drelów	Poland
country	Yeomni-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of the Mapo-gu district in Seoul, South Korea.	Yeomni-dong	South Korea
country	Carregado (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐʁɨˈɡadu)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Carregado	Portugal
country	Buger (Persian: بوگر‎, also Romanized as Būger) is a village in Armand Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Buger	Iran
country	Saidlu (Persian: سعيدلو‎, also Romanized as Sa``īdlū) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 72 families.	Saidlu	Iran
country	Skrea strand is an about two kilometre long beach in Falkenberg, Sweden.	Skrea strand	Sweden
country	Jebel Umm Arafieb is a volcanic field in Sudan, also known as Jebel Umm Marafieb.	Jebel Umm Arafieb	Sudan
country	Karuch (Persian: كروچ‎, also Romanized as Karūch; also known as Karūj) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Karuch	Iran
country	Khorramdarreh (Persian: خرمدره‎; Azerbaijani: ﺧﻮﺭّﻡ ﺩﺭﻩ ,Xurrәmdәrrә ), also Romanized as Khorram Darreh, Khorramdareh, and Khurramdarreh; also known as Khurramdarrekh) is a city in and capital of Khorramdarreh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khorramdarreh	Iran
country	Northern Review was a Montreal-based literary magazine published in Canada between 1945 and 1956.	Northern Review	Canada
country	The Dunes of Corrubedo Natural Park (Galician: Dunas de Corrubedo e Lagoas de Carregal e Vixán) is a 4 square miles (10 km2) natural park on the Atlantic coast of Spain.	The Dunes of Corrubedo Natural Park	Spain
country	Mykhailo-Laryne (Ukrainian: Михайло-Ларине; also known as Mikhailo-Larino) is a village in Zhovtneviy Raion, Mykolaiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Mykhailo-Laryne	Ukraine
country	Vihanti railway station is located in the town of Vihanti, Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Vihanti railway station	Finland
country	The Venetian Plain, or Venetian-Friulan Plain (Italian: Pianura Veneta or Pianura Veneto-friulana) is a major geographical feature of Italy.	Venetian Plain	Italy
country	For many years, Estación Mapocho was Santiago's main rail hub serving Valparaíso, Argentina and northern Chile, which at the time was the centre of Chile's niter or saltpeter boom.	Estación Mapocho	Chile
country	Ernestynowo (ɛrnɛstɨˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ernestynowo	Poland
country	Choceń (ˈxɔt͡sɛɲ) (German: Ehrstätten) is a village in Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Choceń	Poland
country	Grenville Channel is a strait on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located between Pitt Island and the mainland to the south of Prince Rupert.	Grenville Channel	Canada
country	Nakuru Airport (IATA: NUU, ICAO: HKNK) is an airport serving the border town of Nakuru and surrounding communities, in Nakuru County, Kenya.	Nakuru Airport	Kenya
country	Hi-Lite Park was an amusement park in Geelong, Australia, located near Eastern Beach, on the corner of Bellarine Street and Ritchie Boulevard, where the Eastern Beach tram terminus was once situated.	Hi-Lite Park	Australia
country	Inder District (Kazakh: Индер ауданы) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan.	Inder District	Kazakhstan
country	Lubiąż Abbey (German: Kloster Leubus; Polish: Opactwo cystersów w Lubiążu), also commonly known in English as Leubus Abbey, is a former Cistercian monastery in Lubiąż, in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship of southwestern Poland, located about 54 km (34 mi) northwest of Wrocław.	Lubiąż Abbey	Poland
country	Gandalzar (Persian: گندل زار‎, also Romanized as Gandālzār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gandalzar	Iran
country	Paro Province (Dzongkha: སྤ་རོ་; Wylie: spa-ro) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan.	Paro Province	Bhutan
country	The Republic of New Granada was a centralist republic consisting primarily of present-day Colombia and Panama with smaller portions of today's Ecuador, and Venezuela.	Republic of New Granada	Colombia
country	Pir Mahal ( Punjabi and Urdu: پیر محل) is a capital city of Pir Mahal Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Pir Mahal	Pakistan
country	Nowy Lubiel (ˈnɔvɨ ˈlubjɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Lubiel	Poland
country	La Línea de la Concepción (Spanish pronunciation: (la ˈlinea ðe la konθepˈθjon), more often referred to as La Línea) is a town in Spain, in the province of Cádiz in Andalucia.	La Línea de la Concepción	Spain
country	Gangaram is a remote village in Bijinapalle Mandal of Mahbubnagar district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gangaram	India
country	Lubero is a town in the North Kivu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Lubero	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lycée International Georges Duby is a non fee-paying state high school in southern France, which prepares students for the French Baccalauréat.	Lycée International Georges Duby	France
country	Bildmuseet (English: The Picture Museum) is a contemporary art museum in Umeå, northern Sweden.	Bildmuseet	Sweden
country	The Ngang Pass (Vietnamese: Đèo Ngang) is a mountain pass on the border of the two provinces of Quảng Bình and Hà Tĩnh, on the North Central Coast of Vietnam.	Ngang Pass	Vietnam
country	The 1988 Saguenay earthquake struck Quebec, Canada with a moment magnitude of 5.9 on November 25.	1988 Saguenay earthquake	Canada
country	Parkhotel Valkenburg Continental Team (UCI team code: PHV) is a professional UCI Women's Cycling Team based in the Netherlands, which competes in elite women's road bicycle races such as the UCI Women's Road World Cup.	Parkhotel Valkenburg Continental Team	Netherlands
country	Nanur Airport is an airport in the Wadi Maymun Darraj region of Libya, located approximately 200 km south-southeast of Tripoli in the Libyan desert.	Nanur Airport	Libya
country	Jedars (French spelling: Djedars) is the modern archaeological name given to thirteen monumental Berber mausoleums south of Tiaret city in Algeria.	Jedars	Algeria
country	Puerto de la Cruz is a city and municipality in the northern part of the island of Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	Puerto de la Cruz	Spain
country	Lingga Island is the largest and most populated of the Lingga Islands, Indonesia.	Lingga Island	Indonesia
country	Funaitees is an area in the governorate of Mubarak Al-Kabeer in Kuwait.	Funaitees	Kuwait
country	Komi Kebir (Greek: Κώμη Κεπήρ (locally (ˈkomi cʰeˈpir)); Turkish: Büyükkonuk or Komikebir) is a village in Cyprus.	Komi Kebir	Cyprus
country	Banaki Sadr ol Din (Persian: بنكي صدرالدين‎, also Romanized as Banakī Ṣadr ol Dīn; also known as Emāmzādeh Ṣadr od Dīn) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Banaki Sadr ol Din	Iran
country	Sal Rei is a town on the northwestern coast of the island of Boa Vista in eastern Cape Verde.	Sal Rei	Cape Verde
country	The Third Zone District of Moanda lies south of the city of Moanda, Gabon.	Third Zone	Gabon
country	Woryty (vɔˈrɨtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Woryty	Poland
country	Khana Chah (Persian: خناچاه‎, also Romanized as Khanā Chāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khana Chah	Iran
country	The Wetterspitzen are three of the rocky peaks on a mountain ridge in the Wetterstein mountains in the central part of the Eastern Alps in Germany.	Wetterspitzen	Germany
country	Fonal Records is an independent record label from Finland.	Fonal Records	Finland
country	Sydney Parade Avenue (Irish: Ascaill Pharáid Sydney) Sandymount, Dublin 4, Ireland runs from the land formerly known as Ailesbury Park opposite the Merrion Centre at the Merrion Road end, to the sea of Dublin Bay at the Strand Road.	Sydney Parade Avenue	Ireland
country	Trango Glacier is a glacier in the Baltoro Muztagh range of the Karakoram in Baltistan, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Trango Glacier	Pakistan
country	The Fortuna Dam, officially known as Edwin Fabrega Dam, is an embankment dam in western Panama.	Fortuna Dam	Panama
country	Sirizjan (Persian: سيريزجان‎, also Romanized as Sīrīzjān; also known as Sarīzjān, Serīzjān, Sirasjūn, and Sīrīzḩān) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sirizjan	Iran
country	Kapp Muyen (English: Cape Muyden) is a cape just 107 m (350 ft) west of Beerenberg, Norway.	Kapp Muyen	Norway
country	The Dürrensee (Italian: Lago di Landro; German: Dürrensee) is a lake in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Dürrensee	Italy
country	Bazum (Armenian: Բազում; formerly, Bzovdal) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Bazum	Armenia
country	Mont-Joli Airport (IATA: YYY, ICAO: CYYY) is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) north northwest of Mont-Joli, Quebec, Canada.	Mont-Joli Airport	Canada
country	Cameron Corner is the point in the outback of eastern Australia where the boundary lines of the states of Queensland, South Australia, and New South Wales meet.	Cameron Corner	Australia
country	The Mitti Dam is a concrete and earthen dam built on the Mitti River in Abdasa Taluka, Kutch District, Gujarat, India.	Mitti Dam	India
country	The Kolyma River (Russian: Колыма́; IPA: (kəlɨˈma)) is a river in northeastern Siberia, whose basin covers parts of the Sakha Republic, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, and Magadan Oblast of Russia.	Kolyma River	Russia
country	Bangalore Aquarium, also known as Government Aquarium, is the second largest aquarium in India.	Bangalore Aquarium	India
country	Kårböle stave church (St Olav's sacrifice church) is a reconstructed stave church in Kårböle, Ljusdal municipality, Gävleborg County county, Sweden.	Kårböle stave church	Sweden
country	TOBB University of Economics and Technology is a private non-profit foundation university in Ankara, Turkey.	TOBB University of Economics and Technology	Turkey
country	Kundarki is a nagar panchayat (town) in the Moradabad district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Kundarki	India
country	Medbury is a rural locality in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Medbury	New Zealand
country	The Odette School of Business MBA is an attractive option for prospective Canadian students due to its entry requirements, being one of the few business schools in Canada which require no professional experience, and a Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) score of 550.	Odette School of Business	Canada
country	Dadiani Palaces History and Architectural Museum (Georgian: დადიანების სასახლეთა ისტორიულ-არქიტექტურული მუზეუმი) is a Georgian national museum located in Zugdidi, Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region, Georgia.	Dadiani Palace	Georgia
country	Pagoeta Nature Reserve is located near the town of Aia in the Basque Province of Gipuzkoa, Spain.	Pagoeta Nature Reserve	Spain
country	The Xalbal River (Spanish pronunciation: (ʃalˈβal)) is a river of Guatemala.	Xalbal River	Guatemala
country	The Norwegian Railway Museum (Norwegian: Norsk Jernbanemuseum) is Norway's national railway museum.	Norwegian Railway Museum	Norway
country	Kiersnówka (kʲɛrsˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kiersnówka	Poland
country	Somesar is a village in Desuri tehsil of Pali district in Rajasthan state of India.	Somesar	India
country	Straumsund Bridge (Straumsundbrua) is a bridge that crosses Straumsundet between the mainland and Aspøya in Møre og Romsdal county in Norway.	Straumsund Bridge	Norway
country	Thierhaupten Abbey (German: Kloster Thierhaupten) was a Benedictine monastery in Thierhaupten on the Lech River near Augsburg in Bavaria, Germany.	Thierhaupten Abbey	Germany
country	Arjut kayaranin kits (Armenian: Արջուտ կայարանին կից) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Arjut kayaranin kits	Armenia
country	The Gold Coast Seaway or Southport Seaway is the main navigation entrance from the Pacific Ocean into the Gold Coast Broadwater and southern Moreton Bay and is one of Australia's most significant coastal engineering projects.	Gold Coast Seaway	Australia
country	The Paracatu River (Portuguese: Rio Paracatu) is located mainly in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Paracatu River	Brazil
country	The Kallang River (Chinese: 加冷河, Pinyin: Jiālěng Hé) flows for 10 kilometres from the Lower Peirce Reservoir to the coast at Nicoll Highway, making it the longest river in Singapore.	Kallang River	Singapore
country	Kymi-Aliveri (Greek: Κύμη-Αλιβέρι) is a municipality in the Euboea regional unit, Central Greece, Greece.	Kymi-Aliveri	Greece
country	The Böser Kleef is a rock formation, 440 metres above sea level, near the village of Altenbrak in the district of Harz in central Germany.	Böser Kleef	Germany
country	Les Charreaux is a small provincial village in the Dordogne region in France, administratively depending of the commune of Hautefort.	Les Charreaux	France
country	Bendik (Armenian: Բենդիկ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Bendik	Armenia
country	The Address Dubai Mall (Arabic: العنوان دبي مول‎) is a 37-floor hotel in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	The Address Dubai Mall	United Arab Emirates
country	St. Raphael's Hospital, is the largest general and maternity hospital in Faisalabad, Pakistan owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad.	St. Raphael's Hospital	Pakistan
country	Nilan Bhotu Valley is about 40 minutes drive from Pir Sohawa on the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) side of Margalla Hills, roughly 27 kilometres (17 mi) North-East of Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan.	Nilan Bhotu	Pakistan
country	Tuzly Lagoons (Ukrainian: Тузловські лимани, Romanian: Limanele Tuzlei) are a group of marine lagoons (limans) in southern Bessarabia (Budjak), Ukraine.	Tuzly Lagoons	Ukraine
country	In January 1965 Redline Coaches began operating ten day tours of Tasmania connecting with the Empress of Australia at Bell Bay under contract to the Tasmanian Government Travel Bureau.	Redline Coaches	Australia
country	Amager Øst (English: Amager East) is one of the 10 official districts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Amager Øst	Denmark
country	Mala Mislinja (pronounced (ˈmaːla miˈsliːnja)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Mala Mislinja	Slovenia
country	Waikanae River is located on the Kapiti Coast in the North Island of New Zealand.	Waikanae River	New Zealand
country	Yana Unu (Quechua yana black, unu water, ``black water'') is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia which reaches a height of approximately 4,040 m (13,250 ft).	Yana Unu	Bolivia
country	Théniet El Had is a Town, District and Commune in Algeria.	Théniet El Had	Algeria
country	Lešnjake (pronounced (lɛˈʃnjaːkɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Lešnjake	Slovenia
country	West Achaea (Greek: Δυτική Αχαΐα - Dytiki Achaia) is a municipality in the Achaea regional unit, West Greece region, Greece.	West Achaea	Greece
country	The Jalan Ampang Muslim Cemetery is a cemetery at the Kuala Lumpur city centre, Malaysia.	Jalan Ampang Muslim Cemetery	Malaysia
country	Beyarjomand Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيارجمند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Beyarjomand Rural District	Iran
country	De Echoput is a restaurant and part of Hotel Gastronomique De Echoput in Hoog Soeren, Apeldoorn in the Netherlands.	De Echoput	Netherlands
country	Modriča (Cyrillic: Модрича) is a city and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Modriča	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tytheus or Tythefs (Greek: Τυθεύς) is a river in the western part of Achaea, Greece.	Tytheus	Greece
country	Sour El Aaz is a small town and rural commune in El Kelâat Es-Sraghna Province of the Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz region of Morocco.	Sour El Aaz	Morocco
country	La Antilla is a beach resort within the municipality of Lepe, in the province of Huelva, a part of the autonomous region of Andalusia, Spain.	La Antilla	Spain
country	Neverlia is a settlement located in the municipality of Elverum in Norway.	Neverlia	Norway
country	Belene Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Белене) is a municipality (obshtina) in Pleven Province, northern Bulgaria.	Belene Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Dodji is a town in north central Senegal, with a 2007 estimated population of 8281.	Dodji	Senegal
country	Gaddafi Stadium (Urdu: قذافی اسٹیڈیم‎ / ALA-LC: Qaẕẕāfī Isṭeḍiyam) is a cricket ground in Lahore, Pakistan.	Gaddafi Stadium	Pakistan
country	Broc ((bʀɔ:), Arpitan: Bro ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Broc	Switzerland
country	Ziyadlı (also, Ziyadly and Ziyatly) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ziyadlı	Azerbaijan
country	Nairobi Arboretum is located along state house road in the area of Kilimani, Nairobi Kenya.	Nairobi Arboretum	Kenya
country	Castelo de Paiva (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐʃˈtɛlu ðɨ ˈpajvɐ)) is a town and a municipality of the Aveiro District in Portugal.	Castelo de Paiva	Portugal
country	The Hyatt Regency Delhi is a luxury hotel in New Delhi, India, built in 1983.	Hyatt Regency Delhi	India
country	The Kielce Synagogue was a synagogue in Kielce, Poland.	Kielce Synagogue	Poland
country	Bin Ashur is a neighbourhood of Tripoli, Libya.	Bin Ashur	Libya
country	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Dapakury (Persian: موتورمحمددپكورئ‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩammad Dapakūry) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mohammad Dapakury	Iran
country	Metropolitan United Church is a large neo-Gothic church in downtown Toronto, Canada.	Metropolitan United Church	Canada
country	Cardonville Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield located near the commune of Cardonville in the Basse-Normandie region of northern France.	Cardonville Airfield	France
country	Far East Plaza (Chinese: 远东商业中心) is a shopping centre in Singapore, located in the heart of the Orchard Road shopping belt.	Far East Plaza	Singapore
country	Jurisdicción de San Zadornil (Spanish pronunciation: (xuɾizðikˈθjon de san θaðoɾˈnil)) is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Jurisdicción de San Zadornil	Spain
country	The Canton of Saint-Savinien is a canton of the Charente-Maritime département, in France.	Canton of Saint-Savinien	France
country	The 1966 Asian Games, also known as the V Asiad, was a multi-sport event which was held from December 9, 1966 to December 20, 1966 in Bangkok, Thailand.	1966 Asian Games	Thailand
country	The Bazaruto Archipelago is a group of six islands in Mozambique, near the mainland city of Vilankulo.	Bazaruto Archipelago	Mozambique
country	Jadaminy (jadaˈminɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jadaminy	Poland
country	Coronel FAP Alfredo Mendívil Duarte Airport (IATA: AYP, ICAO: SPHO) is an airport serving Ayacucho, Peru.	Coronel FAP Alfredo Mendívil Duarte Airport	Peru
country	The Bahía Mansa Metamorphic Complex or BMMC is a group of metamorphic geologic formations of the Chilean Coast Range in southern Chile.	Bahía Mansa Metamorphic Complex	Chile
country	Haydarpaşa is a neighborhood within the Kadıköy district on the Asian part of Istanbul, Turkey.	Haydarpaşa	Turkey
country	Zamazingka is an eastern district of Thimphu, Bhutan.	Zamazingka	Bhutan
country	Kualanamu International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Kualanamu) (IATA: KNO, ICAO: WIMM) is a newly constructed international airport, named after its location at Kuala Namu, Deli Serdang, North Sumatra, Indonesia, 39 kilometers from Medan, replacing Polonia International Airport.	Kualanamu International Airport	Indonesia
country	Doganovci (Cyrillic: Догановци) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Doganovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Expedition Cross (Dutch: Expeditiekruis) officially known as the Cross for Important Military Operations (Dutch: Ereteken voor Belangrijke Krijgsbedrijven) was a military decoration of Kingdom of the Netherlands.	Expedition Cross	Netherlands
country	The Three Days of De Panne (Dutch: KBC Driedaagse van De Panne-Koksijde) is a mid-week, three-day stage race before the Tour of Flanders in De Panne in West Flanders, Belgium.	Three Days of De Panne	Belgium
country	Árneshreppur is an Icelandic municipality, located in the Westfjords peninsula of northwestern Iceland.	Árneshreppur	Iceland
country	Seh Chekeh (Persian: سه چكه‎; also known as Suchkeh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Seh Chekeh	Iran
country	Aliveroviće, in Serb Cyrillic Аливеровиће, is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Sjenica, district of Zlatibor.	Aliveroviće	Serbia
country	Vitez is a town and municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vitez	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Olomega is a large lake in the southeastern part of El Salvador.	Lake Olomega	El Salvador
country	Kellog (Russian: Келлог) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Turukhansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Kellog	Russia
country	Woodcourt College was an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for girls, located in Wardell Road on the border of Marrickville and Dulwich, inner western suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Woodcourt College	Australia
country	Bir-e Sofla (Persian: بير سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bīr-e Soflá; also known as Karag) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bir-e Sofla	Iran
country	Reingers is a town in the district of Gmünd in Lower Austria, Austria.	Reingers	Austria
country	The Owen G. Glenn Building is the home of the Business School of the University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand, completed in late 2007.	Owen G. Glenn Building	New Zealand
country	Tekeriš (Serbian Cyrillic: Текериш) is a village in Serbia.	Tekeriš	Serbia
country	Oued Heimer is a mining town in Jerada Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Oued Heimer	Morocco
country	Zandoerle, in local tongue known as Zandoers, is a hamlet in the municipality of Veldhoven in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.	Zandoerle	Netherlands
country	Erkilet International Airport or Kayseri Erkilet Airport (Turkish: Kayseri Erkilet Havalimanı, IATA: ASR, ICAO: LTAU) is a military airbase and public airport located 5 km (3.1 mi) north of Kayseri in the Kayseri Province of Turkey.	Erkilet International Airport	Turkey
country	Clack Island is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park at the tip of Cape Melville, Queensland in Bathurst Bay, Australia.	Clack Island	Australia
country	The Verman River (Russian: Верман Река, Finnish: Vermanjoki) is a river in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Verman River	Russia
country	Chah Benard (Persian: چاه بنارد‎‎, also Romanized as Chāh Benārd, Chāh Bonārd, and Chāh-e Bonārd; also known as Chāh Nebārd) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Benard	Iran
country	Chanjody is a small village in the Changanassery municipality in the Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Chanjody	India
country	Yasawa, also called Assawa and Ysava, is the main island of the Yasawa Group, an archipelago in Fiji's Western Division.	Yasawa	Fiji
country	Šávoľ (Hungarian: Füleksávoly) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Šávoľ	Slovakia
country	Grużajny (ɡruˈʐai̯nɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grużajny	Poland
country	Stor Island is one of the uninhabited islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Stor Island	Canada
country	Sianożęty (ɕanɔˈʐɛntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sianożęty	Poland
country	Iwanowice Duże (ivanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Iwanowice Duże	Poland
country	Kalus (Persian: كلوس‎, also Romanized as Kalūs; also known as Kūlūs) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalus	Iran
country	The Täschhorn (4,491 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland, lying south of the Dom within the Mischabel range.	Täschhorn	Switzerland
country	Darmareh (Persian: درمره‎) is a village in Kashkan Rural District, Shahivand District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darmareh	Iran
country	Pa Khai (Thai: ป่าคาย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thong Saen Khan District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Pa Khai	Thailand
country	Südwestrundfunk (SWR, ``Southwest Broadcasting'') is a regional public broadcasting corporation serving the southwest of Germany, specifically the federal states of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.	Südwestrundfunk	Germany
country	Vilpulka parish (Latvian: Vilpulkas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rūjiena Municipality, in the former Valmiera District, Latvia.	Vilpulka parish	Latvia
country	Perespa-Kolonia (pɛˈrɛspa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Perespa-Kolonia	Poland
country	Roccaraso is a town and comune of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Roccaraso	Italy
country	Qubaxəlilli (also Khalilli and Kuba-Khalilli) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qubaxəlilli	Azerbaijan
country	Klasztorek (klaʂˈtɔrɛk) (German: Klösterchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klasztorek	Poland
country	Île Madame is an island in the River Charente estuary on the Atlantic coast of France joined to the mainland by a causeway.	Île Madame	France
country	Orehovci (pronounced (ɔˈɾeːxɔu̯tsi)) is a settlement in the hills west of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Orehovci	Slovenia
country	The Grigna is a mountain massif in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy, with an elevation of 2,410 metres (7,907 ft).	Grigna	Italy
country	Karelibaug is an area towards the north of the city of Vadodara in the state of Gujarat in India.	Karelibaug	India
country	Lemmenjoki National Park (Finnish: Lemmenjoen kansallispuisto, Northern Sami: Leammi álbmotmeahcci) is situated in area of municipalities of Inari and Kittilä, Lapland, in Northern Finland.	Lemmenjoki National Park	Finland
country	The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the river Arno flows to Subbiano, Italy.	Casentino	Italy
country	Yanchukan (Russian: Янчукан) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Severo-Baykalsky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia.	Yanchukan	Russia
country	Okaukuejo is the administrative center for the Etosha National Park in Namibia.	Okaukuejo	Namibia
country	The Paru de Oeste River (Erepecuru River) is a tributary of the Trombetas River in Pará in north-central Brazil.	Paru de Oeste River	Brazil
country	The Montes de María is an isolated group of small mountains near the northern coast of Colombia in the Caribbean Region).	Montes de María	Colombia
country	Thujsaquta (Aymara thujsaña to smell, quta lake ``smelling lake'', hispanicized spelling Tocsajota) is a lake in the Andes of Peru at a mountain of the same name.	Thujsaquta	Peru
country	Vetle Skagastølstinden (or Vesle Skagastølstind) is one of the peaks constituting Skagastølstindane (``Skagastøl peaks'') in the Hurrungane mountain range, and is among Norway's highest.	Vetle Skagastølstind	Norway
country	The Arboretum Habichtsborn, also known as the Arboretum Staufenberg, is an arboretum located at Forstamtsstraße 6, Escherode, several kilometers southeast of Staufenberg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Arboretum Habichtsborn	Germany
country	Khmilnyk (Ukrainian: Хмільник, Russian: Хмельник, Polish: Chmielnik) is a resort town in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine.	Khmilnyk	Ukraine
country	This station is run in English and broadcasts concerts and interviews with international artists from NRJ France.	NRJ	France
country	Selbusjø or Selbusjøen is the 17th largest lake in Norway.	Selbusjø	Norway
country	British industrial narrow gauge railways are narrow gauge railways in the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man that were primarily built to serve one or more industries.	British industrial narrow gauge railways	United Kingdom	United Kingdom
country	North Eastern College is a government-run secondary school in Sangre Grande, northeastern Trinidad, Trinidad and Tobago.	North Eastern College	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Naseem International School is a bilingual co-ed K-12 international school situated in Isa Town in the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Naseem International School	Bahrain
country	The Institute of Higher International Studies (French: Institut des Hautes Études Internationales, commonly referred to as ``IHEI'') is a public institution of research and higher education in Paris, France.	Institute of Higher International Studies	France
country	Sangavadi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest.	Sangavadi River	India
country	Arsanjan (Persian: ارسنجان‎‎, also Romanized as Arsanjān and Arsenjān; also known as Arsinjān) is a city in and the capital of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Arsanjan	Iran
country	Arariki is a former settlement on the western side of Orona, a remote atoll in the Phoenix Islands group and part of the Republic of Kiribati.	Arariki	Kiribati
country	Schio is a town and comune in the province of Vicenza (region of Veneto, northern Italy) situated North of Vicenza and East of the Lake of Garda.	Schio	Italy
country	Spycimierz (spɨˈt͡ɕimjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Spycimierz	Poland
country	Maros is a town in the South Sulawesi province of Indonesia close to the provincial capital of Makassar.	Maros	Indonesia
country	Riesa-Großenhain was a district in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Riesa-Großenhain	Germany
country	Varniab (Persian: ورنياب‎, also Romanized as Varnīāb and Varnīyāb; also known as Vīāt) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Varniab	Iran
country	The Thar Desert, also known as the Great Indian Desert, is a large, arid region in the northwestern part of the Indian subcontinent that forms a natural boundary between India and Pakistan.	Thar Desert	India
country	Lake Bugeac, also known as Lake Gârlița, is a lake in Northern Dobruja, Romania.	Lake Bugeac	Romania
country	Seclì (Greek: Sikleion) is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Seclì	Italy
country	The Røst Reef (Norwegian: Røstrevet) is a deep-water coral reef off the coast of Lofoten, Norway.	Røst Reef	Norway
country	Together with France Télévisions, TF1 co-managed the international French news channel France 24 but has since sold its share.	TF1	France
country	Yio Chu Kang Single Member Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 楊厝港單選區; Simplified Chinese: 杨厝港单选区) was a single member constituency in the north-eastern area, Singapore.	Yio Chu Kang Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	Kahurangi National Park is a national park in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand, ranging to near Golden Bay in north.	Kahurangi National Park	New Zealand
country	Colegio Amaranto Los Cabos, BCS is a private school in Cabo San Lucas in Los Cabos, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Colegio Amaranto	Mexico
country	Moniatis (Greek: Μονιάτης, Turkish: Elmalı) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 5 km southeast of Pano Platres.	Moniatis	Cyprus
country	The Maribor Water Tower (Slovene: Vodni stolp) is a medieval fortified tower in the city of Maribor, Slovenia.	Maribor Water Tower	Slovenia
country	Bedero Valcuvia is a town and comune located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy, in the Valcuvia valley.	Bedero Valcuvia	Italy
country	The Arco Norte (lit.: Northern Arc) is a toll road in Mexico.	Arco Norte	Mexico
country	The Col des Ares was first used in the Tour de France in 1910 and has appeared frequently since.	Col des Ares	France
country	The Meztitla Scout Camp School (Campo Escuela Scout Meztitla) is the national Scout camp and school owned by the Asociación de Scouts de México, A.C., located in the Central Highlands of Mexico, northeast of the municipality of Tepoztlán, in the state of Morelos.	Meztitla Scout Camp School	Mexico
country	Diego Garcia became a colony of the United Kingdom after the Napoleonic wars as part of the Treaty of Paris (1814), and from 1814 to 1965, it was administered from Mauritius.	Diego Garcia	United Kingdom
country	Fort Suse is located in Kurdistan region of Iraq Iraq in the vicinity of Al-Sulamaniya.	Fort Suse	Iraq Iraq
country	Hameh Sin (Persian: همه سين‎, also Romanized as Hameh Sīn and Hamasīn; also known as Torkaman and Torkaman Deh-e Hamsīn) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hameh Sin	Iran
country	Buffalo Grill is a chain of steakhouses based in France, with over 328 outlets in Europe.	Buffalo Grill	France
country	Loreto College, Foxrock is a voluntary fee paying Catholic Secondary School under the direction of the Sisters of Loreto in Dublin, Ireland.	Loreto College, Foxrock	Ireland
country	Prambors FM is a commercial radio network based in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Prambors FM	Indonesia
country	Khancoban Dam is a major ungated earthfill embankment dam with a controlled spillway across the Swampy Plain River in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Khancoban Dam	Australia
country	Strmec na Predelu (pronounced (ˈstəɾməts na pɾɛˈdeːlu); Italian: Bretto di Sopra) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Strmec na Predelu	Slovenia
country	MKS Pogoń Szczecin (Polish pronunciation: (ˌɛmkaˈɛs ˌpɔɡɔɲ ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin)) is a Polish professional football club, based in Szczecin, Poland.	Pogoń Szczecin	Poland
country	Besna Kobila (Serbian Cyrillic: Бесна Кобила, pronounced (bɛ̂ːsnaː kɔ̌bila), meaning ``mad mare'') is a mountain in southeastern Serbia and small ski center.	Besna Kobila	Serbia
country	Esteros is a small town in the Altamira Municipality in Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Esteros	Mexico
country	Valle de la Pascua Airport (IATA: VDP, ICAO: SVVP) is an airport serving Valle de la Pascua, a city in the state of Guárico in central Venezuela.	Valle de la Pascua Airport	Venezuela
country	Chikitsak Samuha Shirolkar High School (CSS High School) is an educational institute, established in 1906, in Girgaon area of Mumbai, Maharashtra State in India.	Chikitsak Samuha Shirolkar High School	India
country	The Petersberg Railway, or Petersbergbahn, was a rack railway line in the North Rhine-Westphalia region of Germany.	Petersberg Railway	Germany
country	Černošice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛrnoʃɪtsɛ)) is a town in Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Černošice	Czech Republic
country	Choroń-Baranowizna (ˈxɔrɔɲ baranɔˈvizna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Choroń-Baranowizna	Poland
country	Stardust Circus (established in the early 1990s) is a circus that tours in Australia.	Stardust Circus	Australia
country	Lake Chamo (Amharic: Chamo Hayk) is a lake in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of southern Ethiopia.	Lake Chamo	Ethiopia
country	Barahun Island is a small island of Papua New Guinea, located in the Green Islands, east of New Ireland.	Barahun Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held in Beijing and several other cities in the People's Republic of China from 6 August to 23 August.	Football at the 2008 Summer Olympics	People's Republic of China
country	Ainehvand-e Abdollah (Persian: اينه وندعبدالله‎, also Romanized as Aīnehvand-e ʿAbdollah) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ainehvand-e Abdollah	Iran
country	Tarazona de la Mancha is a municipality in the province of Albacete in the Autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Tarazona de la Mancha	Spain
country	Kotylio (Greek: Κοτύλιο) is a village and a community in the municipal unit Gortyna, southwest Arcadia, Greece.	Kotylio	Greece
country	Ayvalık (Turkish: (ˈajvaɫɯk); Greek: Αϊβαλί, Κυδωνίες) is a seaside town on the northwestern Aegean coast of Turkey.	Ayvalık	Turkey
country	Stal Stalowa Wola (Polish pronunciation: (ˈstal staˈlɔva ˈvɔla)) is a football (soccer) club based in Stalowa Wola, Poland.	Stal Stalowa Wola	Poland
country	Marolambo is a village and commune (kaominina) located in the Atsinanana region of eastern Madagascar.	Marolambo	Madagascar
country	Students from the Darmstadt University of Technology, then known as Technische Hochschule Darmstadt, began flying gliders from the Wasserkuppe as early as 1911, but interest in gliding in Germany increased greatly after 1918 when the Treaty of Versailles restricted the production or use of powered aircraft in the nation.	Wasserkuppe	Germany
country	Swanson Bay is a ghost town in British Columbia, Canada located in Graham Reach on the Inside Passage, between Princess Royal Island and the northern mainland.	Swanson Bay	Canada
country	Tianhe District is one of the ten districts in Guangzhou, People's Republic of China.	Tianhe District	People's Republic of China
country	The range of the Rio Bonito Formation outcrops occurs mainly in the eastern border of the Paraná Basin, in a narrow band in the states of São Paulo, Paraná, Santa Catarina, Rio Grande do Sul and Uruguay.	Rio Bonito Formation	Uruguay
country	The Dudhwa National Park is a national park in the Terai of Uttar Pradesh, India, and covers an area of 490.3 km2 (189.3 sq mi), with a buffer zone of 190 km2 (73 sq mi).	Dudhwa National Park	India
country	Knjaževac (Serbian Cyrillic: Књажевац, pronounced (kɲǎːʒɛʋats)) is a town and municipality situated in eastern Serbia, in the Timočka Krajina region bordering Bulgaria.	Knjaževac	Serbia
country	Daan-Ghati is one of the two main temple structures in Goverdhan, near Mathura, India.	Daan-Ghati	India
country	Mazozoli parish (Latvian: Mazozolu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ogre Municipality, Latvia.	Mazozoli parish	Latvia
country	Mundlapadu is a village in Penuganchiprolu mandal, in the Krishna district, of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mundlapadu	India
country	Krzeszów Abbey, formerly known as Grüssau Abbey (Polish: Klasztor w Krzeszowie, German: Abtei Grüssau) refers to a historical Cistercian monastery in Krzeszów in Lower Silesia, Poland.	Krzeszów Abbey	Poland
country	Smażyno (smaˈʐɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smażyno	Poland
country	Erg Chebbi (Arabic: عرق الشبي‎) is one of Morocco's two Saharan ergs -- large seas of dunes formed by wind-blown sand.	Erg Chebbi	Morocco
country	The University of Padua (Italian: Università degli Studi di Padova, UNIPD) is a premier Italian university located in the city of Padua, Italy.	University of Padua	Italy
country	Khaneh-ye Khoda (Persian: خانه خدا‎, also Romanized as Khāneh-ye Khodā) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khaneh-ye Khoda	Iran
country	Estadio Reino de León is a football stadium located in León, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Estadio Reino de León	Spain
country	Gan Yoshiya (Hebrew: גַּן יֹאשִׁיָּה, lit. Josiah's Garden) is a moshav in central Israel.	Gan Yoshiya	Israel
country	Huanan County (simplified Chinese: 桦南县; traditional Chinese: 樺南縣; pinyin: Huànán Xiàn) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Huanan County	People's Republic of China
country	Lieutenancy areas are the separate areas of the United Kingdom appointed a Lord Lieutenant - the representative of the British monarch.	Lieutenancy area	United Kingdom
country	The Lithgow Small Arms Factory is a military small arms factory located in the town of Lithgow, New South Wales in Australia.	Lithgow Small Arms Factory	Australia
country	The Klever Reichswald is an Imperial forest near Kleve in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany between the Rivers Rhine and Maas at the Dutch/German border.	Klever Reichswald	Germany
country	Kitikmeot Region (Inuktitut: Qitirmiut ᕿᑎᕐᒥᐅᑦ) is an administrative region of Nunavut, Canada.	Kitikmeot Region	Canada
country	Barduelva (Northern Sami: Álddesjohka, English: Bardu River) is a river in Troms county, Norway.	Barduelva	Norway
country	Lamnizla (also El Had Mnzila or El-Menizla) is a village and rural commune in Taroudant Province of the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.	Lamnizla	Morocco
country	Faisalabad Arts Council (FAC) is an arts center in Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Faisalabad Arts Council	Pakistan
country	Sinogóra-Psota (ɕinɔˈɡura ˈpsɔta) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sinogóra-Psota	Poland
country	Dero Awiseri is located in the district of Hewraman on the lower side of the Iraq/Iran border.	Dero Awiseri	Iraq
country	Vila Conceição (meaning Conception Villa in English) is a tiny neighbourhood (bairro) in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul, in Brazil.	Vila Conceição	Brazil
country	Germany's lowest elevation is to be found a short distance from Itzehoe, in the Wilstermarsch, which reaches 3.54 m below sea level.	Itzehoe	Germany
country	The Pieksämäki railway station is located in the town of Pieksämäki, Finland.	Pieksämäki railway station	Finland
country	Mustafa Taj Colony (Urdu: مصطفى تاج کالونی‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Korangi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Mustafa Taj Colony	Pakistan
country	Ivano-Frankivsk International Airport, Ukrainian Міжнародний аеропорт Івано-Франківськ (IATA: IFO, ICAO: UKLI) is an airport in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, some 4.4 km (2.7 mi) by road from the town center.	Ivano-Frankivsk International Airport	Ukraine
country	Illorsuit (old spelling: Igdlorssuit) (IATA: IOT) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality, in western Greenland.	Illorsuit	Greenland
country	The 1721 Tabriz earthquake occurred on April 26, with an epicenter near the city of Tabriz, Iran.	1721 Tabriz earthquake	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Moranlu (Persian: قشلاق مرانلو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Morānlū and Qeshlāq-e Mūrānlū; also known as Nūralū) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Moranlu	Iran
country	Kigoma Airport (IATA: TKQ, ICAO: HTKA) is an airport in western Tanzania serving Kigoma.	Kigoma Airport	Tanzania
country	Gvat or Gevat (Hebrew: גְּבַת) is a kibbutz in northern Israel near Migdal HaEmek in the Jezreel Valley.	Gvat	Israel
country	Bùi Xá is a commune the district of Đức Thọ District, Hà Tĩnh Province, Vietnam.	Bùi Xá	Vietnam
country	Chrztowo (ˈxʂtɔvɔ) is a village with a population of 80 in northern Poland.	Chrztowo	Poland
country	Kottarakkara (IAST: Koṭṭārakkara), also transliterated as Kottarakara, is a town and municipality in Kollam District (formerly known as Quilon), in Kerala state, India.	Kottarakkara	India
country	El Ancasti is a local daily newspaper published in San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, Argentina.	El Ancasti	Argentina
country	Lenjab (Persian: لنجاب‎, also Romanized as Lenjāb and Lanjāb) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Lenjab	Iran
country	In 2008 Bustech became part of the Transit Australia Group as part of a restructuring of the Calabro operations.	Bustech	Australia
country	The Club Universitario de Rosario (Uni Rosario) is a multi-sports club in Rosario, Argentina.	Club Universitario de Rosario	Argentina
country	The Abdul Rahman Mosque (Dari: مسجد عبدالرحمان; Pashto: د عبدالرحمان جومات‎), also known as the Grand Mosque of Kabul, is one of the largest mosques in Afghanistan.	Abdul Rahman Mosque	Afghanistan
country	Franklin District is a former New Zealand territorial authority that lay between the Auckland metropolitan area and the Waikato Plains.	Franklin District	New Zealand
country	Chorzów (ˈxɔʐuf) (German: Königshütte (ˈkøːnɪçsˌhʏtə)) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland, near Katowice.	Chorzów	Poland
country	HaZor'im (Hebrew: הַזּוֹרְעִים) is a religious moshav in the Lower Galilee Regional Council of northern Israel.	HaZor'im	Israel
country	Tauhunu is both the main village on Manihiki atoll in the Cook Islands and the islet on which it is located.	Tauhunu	Cook Islands
country	Muman-e Vasat (Persian: مومان وسطي‎, also Romanized as Mūmān-e Vosţá; also known as Mūmān-e Bālā and Mūmān-e Vasaţ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Muman-e Vasat	Iran
country	Malanjkhand also referred to as MCP (acronym for Malanjkhand Copper Project) is an open-pit copper mine in India, located near the town of Malanjkhand, 90 kilometres (56 mi) northeast of Balaghat in Madhya Pradesh, at an altitude of 576 MRL.	Malanjkhand	India
country	Morobe Bay is a bay within Huon Gulf, on the coast of Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Morobe Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	Haugesund Airport, Karmøy (Norwegian: Haugesund lufthavn, Karmøy; IATA: HAU, ICAO: ENHD) is an international airport serving the Haugesund region in Norway.	Haugesund Airport, Karmøy	Norway
country	Siah Rud Poshteh (Persian: سياهرودپشته‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Rūd Poshteh; also known as Sīāh Rūd) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Rud Poshteh	Iran
country	Bukowie Górne (buˈkɔvjɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bukowie Górne	Poland
country	Zasań (ˈzasaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zasań	Poland
country	Madgul is a Mandal in Mahbubnagar district in Telangana, India.	Madgul	India
country	Vinji Vrh pri Semiču (pronounced (ˈʋiːnji ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈseːmitʃu); German: Weinberg) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Vinji Vrh pri Semiču	Slovenia
country	Yitiman (Persian: يتيمان‎, also Romanized as Yītīmān) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Yitiman	Iran
country	Wiener Neustadt Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in Wiener Neustadt, in the federal state of Lower Austria, south of Vienna.	Wiener Neustadt Hauptbahnhof	Austria
country	The Guitares au Palais is an annual guitar-oriented music festival in the Palace of the Kings of Majorca in Perpignan, Pyrénées-Orientales, France, which began in 2004.	Guitares au Palais	France
country	The Berlin State Museums (German: Staatliche Museen zu Berlin) are a group of institutions in Berlin, Germany, comprising seventeen museums in five clusters, several research institutes, libraries, and supporting facilities.	Berlin State Museums	Germany
country	The Federal Military Memorial Cemetery (Russian: Федеральное военное мемориальное кладбище) is a cemetery that is being built in north-west Moscow, Russia.	Federal Military Memorial Cemetery	Russia
country	Svitene Manor (Latvian: Svitenes muižas pils; German: Schloß Schwitten) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Svitene Manor	Latvia
country	The Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta is Romanesque-style Roman Catholic temple in the town of Atri, Province of Teramo, region of Abruzzo, Italy The church was consecrated in 1223 atop an earlier church.	Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta	Italy
country	Jevíčko (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɛviːtʃko); German: Gewitsch) is a town in Svitavy District, in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Jevíčko	Czech Republic
country	Deh Bekr (Persian: دهبکر‎, also Romanized as Dehbokar) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Deh Bekr	Iran
country	PAF Museum, Karachi (Urdu: پاک فضائیہ متحف ‎) is an Air Force museum and park situated near Karsaz Flyover on Shahra-e-Faisal in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	PAF Museum, Karachi	Pakistan
country	As of 2011 India census, Khejroli had total population of 16,531 people which consists of 8,562 males and 7,969 females.	Khejroli	India
country	Port Loko is the capital and second largest town of Port Loko District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Port Loko	Sierra Leone
country	The Bergermeer gas storage is a planned underground natural gas storage in the Alkmaar region north of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Bergermeer gas storage	Netherlands
country	The border between Belgium and France runs right through the village, separating the Belgian Goegnies-Chaussée from the French Gognies-Chaussée.	Goegnies-Chaussée	Belgium
country	In the mid 15th century, Soule finally recognizes the King of France as his own, with the Basque district becoming the smallest province and exclave of the kingdom and the most distant from the centre of power, Paris.	Soule	France
country	Ifalik (also spelled Ifaluk) is a coral atoll of four islands in the central Caroline Islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district in Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia.	Ifalik	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Papagou (Greek: Παπάγου) is a suburb in the eastern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Papagou	Greece
country	Hualien Station (Chinese: 花蓮車站; pinyin: Huālián chēzhàn) is a railway station of the Taiwan Railway Administration located Hualien City, Hualien County, Taiwan.	Hualien Station	Taiwan
country	Birla School, Kalyan (CBSE Board) is a school in the Thane district of Mumbai Metropolis, India.	Birla School, Kalyan	India
country	The Tanjung Enim Coal Mine is a coal mine located in Muara Enim Regency, South Sumatra Province, Indonesia.	Tanjung Enim Coal Mine	Indonesia
country	Tropojë (definite Albanian form: Tropoja) is a municipality in Kukës County, northern Albania, near the border with Kosovo.	Tropojë	Albania
country	Avdella (Greek: Αβδέλλα; Aromanian: Avdhela) is a village and a former municipality in Grevena regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Avdella	Greece
country	Plešivica pri Žalni (pronounced (plɛˈʃiːʋitsa pɾi ˈʒaːlni); in older sources also Plešivice) is a settlement south of Žalna in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Plešivica pri Žalni	Slovenia
country	Koktal (Kazakh: Көктал) is a village in Almaty Region, in southeastern Kazakhstan.	Koktal	Kazakhstan
country	The Madu Ganga is a shallow water body in south-west Sri Lanka, which enters the sea at Balapitiya.	Madu Ganga	Sri Lanka
country	The Tallinn Passenger Port or the Old City Harbour (Estonian: Vanasadam) is the main passenger harbour in Tallinn, Estonia.	Tallinn Passenger Port	Estonia
country	Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station (station code NZM) is one of the five main railway stations of Delhi, India from which trains originate.	Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station	India
country	Kuzyovo (Bulgarian: Кузьово) is a village in the municipality of Belitsa, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Kuzyovo	Bulgaria
country	The Indian Institute of Management Kashipur also known as IIM Kashipur, is a public business school located in Kashipur, Uttarakhand, India.	Kashipur, Uttarakhand	India
country	Babakücə (also, Babakyudzha) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Babakücə	Azerbaijan
country	Mozaffariyeh (Persian: مظفريه‎, also Romanized as Moz̧affarīyeh; also known as Moz̧affarī and Muzzafari) is a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mozaffariyeh	Iran
country	Kardzhali (Bulgarian: Кърджали, Turkish: Kırcaali; sometimes spelt Kardzali or Kurdzhali) is a town in the Eastern Rhodopes in Bulgaria, centre of Kardzhali Municipality and Kardzhali Province.	Kardzhali	Bulgaria
country	Siorac-de-Ribérac is a commune in the Dordogne department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.	Siorac-de-Ribérac	France
country	Gmina Wadowice is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gmina Wadowice	Poland
country	Batn Gharran was a location in Saudi Arabia during the Islamic Prophet Muhammad's era.	Batn Gharran	Saudi Arabia
country	Long Banio (also known as Long Banyo, Long Banto or Long Banci) is a large longhouse village in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Banio	Malaysia
country	Mejicanos is a San Salvador suburb in the San Salvador department of El Salvador.	Mejicanos	El Salvador
country	CKBK-FM is a low-power FM radio station which will broadcast a First Nations community radio programing on the frequency 104.3 MHz in Thamesville, Ontario, Canada.	CKBK-FM	Canada
country	Kfar Kama (Hebrew: כְּפַר כַּמָא; Adyghe: Кфар Кама) is a town located in the lower Galilee, Israel, with a population of 2,900, largely Circassian.	Kfar Kama	Israel
country	The Salzspeicher (salt storehouses) of Lübeck, Germany, are six historic brick buildings on the Upper Trave River next to the Holstentor (the western city gate).	Salzspeicher	Germany
country	Rob-e Shamat Rural District (Persian: دهستان ربع شامات‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rob-e Shamat Rural District	Iran
country	Brezje pri Dobjem (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbjɛm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia.	Brezje pri Dobjem	Slovenia
country	Variseia or Varisha (Greek: Βαρίσεια; Turkish: Şirinköy) is an abandoned village inside the Buffer Zone, near Gailini, Cyprus.	Variseia	Cyprus
country	The Olsobip Rural LLG is a local level government situated in the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Olsobip Rural LLG	Papua New Guinea
country	Santa Helena del Opón is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia.	Santa Helena del Opón	Colombia
country	Safdarjung Road (Hindi: सफ़दरजंग मार्ग, Urdu: سفدر جنگ مارگ) is a main road, in New Delhi, India, named after 18th century Safdarjung's Tomb near it.	Safdarjung Road	India
country	Iskushuban (Somali: Iskushubaan) is a small town in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia.	Iskushuban	Somalia
country	Piane Crati (Greek: Krathys) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Piane Crati	Italy
country	The Canadian Association of Geographers (CAG) is an educational and scientific society in Canada aimed at advancing the understanding of, study of, and importance of geography and related fields.	Canadian Association of Geographers	Canada
country	Rupit (officially part of Rupit i Pruit municipality) is a village in the county of Osona, in the subregion of the Collsacabra, in Catalonia, Spain.	Rupit	Spain
country	The Montesinho Natural Park (Portuguese: Parque Natural de Montesinho) is a protected area located in the municipalities of Vinhais and Bragança, northeastern Portugal.	Montesinho Natural Park	Portugal
country	Križna Gora (pronounced (ˈkɾiːʒna ˈɡɔːɾa); German: Kreuzberg) is a small settlement above Visoko in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Križna Gora	Slovenia
country	Villa Ada is a park in Rome, Italy, with a surface of 450 acres (1.8 km2) it is the second largest in the city after Villa Doria Pamphili.	Villa Ada	Italy
country	Coto Colorado River is a river of Costa Rica that is located in the south pacific section.	Coto Colorado River	Costa Rica
country	The Bendlerblock is a building complex in the Tiergarten district of Berlin, Germany, located on Stauffenbergstraße (formerly named Bendlerstraße).	Bendlerblock	Germany
country	The Central University of Kashmir formerly the Central University of Jammu and Kashmir, is a university proposed to be settled at Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir and presently functioning from transit campuses at Srinagar district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Central University of Kashmir	India
country	Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport (Italian: Aeroporto di Bologna-Guglielmo Marconi) (IATA: BLQ, ICAO: LIPE) is an international airport serving the city of Bologna in Italy.	Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport	Italy
country	Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميان دورودبزرگ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District	Iran
country	Sørfjorden Church (Norwegian: Sørfjorden kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Sørfjorden Church	Norway
country	Prato (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpraːto)) is a city and comune in Tuscany, Italy, the capital of the Province of Prato.	Prato	Italy
country	The Latgalian Farmer-Labour Party, also known as the Latgalian Progressive Farmers, was a political party in Latvia during the inter-war period.	Latgalian Farmer-Labour Party	Latvia
country	The Jardin botanique de Tours (5 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden and arboretum located at 33, Boulevard Tonnellé, Tours, Indre-et-Loire, Centre, France.	Jardin botanique de Tours	France
country	Bourem Cercle is an administrative subdivision of the Gao Region of north-eastern Mali.	Bourem Cercle	Mali
country	Jorhat Airport (IATA: JRH, ICAO: VEJT) (Assamese: যোৰহাট বিমানবন্দৰ) (also known as Rowriah Airport) is located 7 Kilometres South-West of Jorhat city, Assam, India.	Jorhat Airport	India
country	Cam Ly Airport (IATA: N/A, ICAO: VVCL) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Cam Ly) is a small airport of Da Lat in Lâm Đồng Province in the Central Highlands region of Vietnam.	Cam Ly Airport	Vietnam
country	San Felipe International Airport (IATA: SFH, ICAO: MMSF) is an international airport located 11 km (6.8 mi) south of the central business district (CBD) of San Felipe, Baja California, Mexico, a town located on the Gulf of California coast.	San Felipe International Airport	Mexico
country	Batman Airport is an airport in Batman, Turkey (IATA: BAL, ICAO: LTCJ).	Batman Airport	Turkey
country	Nam Mae Li (Thai: น้ำแม่ลี้) or Li River is a river in Thailand with a length of 210 kilometres (130 mi).	Nam Mae Li	Thailand
country	Liga e Parë e Futbollit të Kosovës (English: First Football League of Kosovo) is the second division of football in Kosovo.	Liga e Parë	Kosovo
country	The Guyue Bridge (simplified Chinese: 古月桥; traditional Chinese: 古月橋; pinyin: Gǔ Yuè Qiáo) is an ancient Chinese arch bridge located in Yiwu, Jinhua, Zhejiang province, People's Republic of China.	Guyue Bridge	People's Republic of China
country	Han Pijesak (Serbian Cyrillic: Хан Пијесак) is a town and municipality in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Han Pijesak	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Dikwa Emirate is one of the successor states to the old Bornu Empire, a traditional state within Borno State, Nigeria.	Dikwa Emirate	Nigeria
country	Şahyeri (Armenian: Սարինշեն, Sarinshen, also Sarishen, Şaqax, Shagakh, and Shaghakh) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şahyeri	Azerbaijan
country	Nowogródek Pomorski (nɔvɔˈɡrudɛk pɔˈmɔrski) (German: Neuenburg) is a village in Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowogródek Pomorski	Poland
country	The Achterhoek (Low German: Achterhook; Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑxtərˌɦuk)) is a region in the eastern part of the Netherlands.	Achterhoek	Netherlands
country	Wacyn (ˈvat͡sɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wacyn	Poland
country	Mount Tomorr is a large mountain located in modern-day southern Albania.	Mount Tomorr	Albania
country	Eurovea is a business, retail and residential complex in Bratislava, Slovakia, located near the Apollo bridge and Tower 115 building.	Eurovea	Slovakia
country	According to Canada's Alberta Energy Regulator, the Duvernay Formation ``holds an estimated 443 trillion cubic feet of gas and 61.7 billion barrels of oil (Penny China Institute 2012-12).''	Duvernay Formation	Canada
country	Okondja is a town in Haut-Ogooué province, eastern Gabon.	Okondja	Gabon
country	The Cu Đê River (Vietnamese: Sông Cu Đê), other name Trường Định River is a river of Da Nang, Vietnam.	Cu Đê River	Vietnam
country	Bodenheim is a state-recognized tourism municipality (Fremdenverkehrsgemeinde) in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany	Bodenheim	Germany
country	Kuthalur ( Tamil: கூத்தலூர் ) is a village which is located in Sivagangai District, Tamil Nadu, India, 10 km from Karaikudi towards Sivagangai.	Kuthalur	India
country	Porazava (Belarusian: Поразава, Russian: Порозово, Polish: Porozów) is a town in Grodno Region, Belarus near the town of Svislac.	Porazava	Belarus
country	Shahpur Dam is located in Attock District on Nandana River in Punjab, Pakistan.	Shahpur Dam	Pakistan
country	Saha Station is a metro station of Busan Subway Line 1 located in Saha-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Saha Station	South Korea
country	Pērse is a tributary to Daugava River in Latvia, flowing through Ērgļi, Pļaviņas and Koknese municipalities.	Pērse	Latvia
country	Dilolo Lake is the largest lake in Angola.	Dilolo Lake	Angola
country	Hasan Shahab (Persian: حسن شهاب‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Shahāb; also known as Ḩasan Shoqā and Ḩasan Shaqāb) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasan Shahab	Iran
country	Tybory-Żochy (tɨˈbɔrɨ ˈʐɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tybory-Żochy	Poland
country	Kjæsvannet (Northern Sami: Keaisajávri or Stuorrajávri) is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Porsanger and Lebesby in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kjæsvannet	Norway
country	Al Artawiyah (Arabic: الأرطاوية‎) is a Bedouin camp (hijrah) in Riyadh Province, Saudi Arabia, on the road between Riyadh and Kuwait.	Al Artawiyah	Saudi Arabia
country	Cappelle-Brouck (from Dutch meaning ``chapel marsh''; Kapellebroek in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Cappelle-Brouck	France
country	Orliczko (ɔrˈlit͡ʂkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orliczko	Poland
country	Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education (HBCSE) is a National Centre of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai, India.	Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education	India
country	Jämijärvi Airfield (ICAO: EFJM) is an airfield in Jämijärvi, Finland, about 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Jämijärvi municipal centre.	Jämijärvi Airfield	Finland
country	Aukštojas Hill is the highest point in all of Lithuania; it is located in the Medininkai Highlands, Migūnai forestry, approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) southeast of the capital city of Vilnius.	Aukštojas Hill	Lithuania
country	Beričevo (pronounced (bɛˈɾiːtʃɛʋɔ); German: Förtschach) is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Beričevo	Slovenia
country	Funan DigitaLife Mall (Chinese: 福南数码活力广场), also known as Funan The IT Mall (Chinese: 福南科技广场) or simply Funan Centre (Chinese: 福南中心), is a shopping centre located near the Civic District in Singapore.	Funan DigitaLife Mall	Singapore
country	The Mosport Trans-Am race is an annual SCCA Trans-Am Series sports car race held at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park (formerly known as Mosport Park and Mosport International Raceway) in Bowmanville, Ontario, Canada.	Mosport Trans-Am	Canada
country	The Braibach or Tierser Bach is a stream in South Tyrol, Italy.	Braibach	Italy
country	Áhkká (Lule Sami: ``old woman''), also known in its ``Swedified'' form Akka, is a massif in the southwestern corner of Stora Sjöfallet National Park in northern Sweden.	Áhkká	Sweden
country	Winnaleah is a town in the north-east of Tasmania, Australia, in the Dorset Council local government area.	Winnaleah	Australia
country	Dhampur is a city and a municipal board in Bijnor district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dhampur	India
country	The Fyrby Runestone, which is designated as Sö 56 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Fyrby, which is about 15 kilometers south of Flen, Södermanland County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Södermanland.	Fyrby Runestone	Sweden
country	Khavkah (Persian: خاوكه‎, also Romanized as Khāvkah; also known as Khāvgah) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khavkah	Iran
country	Nitra railway station is situated at Staničná street in the Staré Mesto district of Nitra, Slovakia.	Nitra railway station	Slovakia
country	Marrakesh-Safi (Arabic: مراكش آسفي‎; Berber: ⵎⵕⵕⴰⴽⵛ ⴰⵙⴼⵉ) is one of the twelve regions of Morocco, formed by the addition of the Safi and Youssoufia Provinces to the old region of Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz.	Marrakesh-Safi	Morocco
country	Sibu Island (Malay: Pulau Sibu) is a small island in Mersing District, Johor, Malaysia.	Sibu Island	Malaysia
country	The holdings of the Islamic Studies Library, a branch of the McGill University Library, stand together with those of the Robarts Library of the University of Toronto as the premier library resources in Canada for research on the Islamic world, and indeed, among the most important collections in North America.	Islamic Studies Library	Canada
country	Katholm Castle is a manor house located on the Djursland peninsula, six km south of Grenaa, in western Denmark.	Katholm Castle	Denmark
country	The Urbasa Range (Urbasa mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Urbasa in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre, Spain, part of the Basque Mountains.	Urbasa	Spain
country	Chaboksar (Persian: چابكسر‎, also Romanized as Chāboksar and Chābuksār) is a city in and the capital of Chaboksar District, in Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chaboksar	Iran
country	Nsawkaw is a small town and is the capital of Tain district of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.	Nsawkaw	Ghana
country	Villány Mountains (Hungarian: Villányi-hegység, pronounced (vilːaːɲ)) is a relatively low mountain range located west from the town of Villány, in Baranya county, Southern Hungary.	Villány Mountains	Hungary
country	Chokhur Kand (Persian: چخوركند‎, also Romanized as Chokhūr Kand; also known as Chokhūr Kandī, Chūkhūr Kand, and Chūkhūr Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chokhur Kand	Iran
country	Malacky (-Slovak, German: Malatzka, Hungarian: Malacka) is a town and municipality in western Slovakia around 35 kilometres (22 miles) north from capital Bratislava.	Malacky	Slovakia
country	A Pontenova is part of the Turia Valley or ``Valle del Turia'', a small valley on the western border of the Cantabrian Mountains in the northwest of Spain which is close to beaches and is divided by two counties:	A Pontenova	Spain
country	Bladåker Church (Swedish: Bladåkers kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Bladåker Church	Sweden
country	Akra Kaur Dam, sometimes also referred to as Ankara Kaur Dam, is located near Gawadar in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Akra Kaur Dam	Pakistan
country	Deotala is a small village of Bangladesh.	Deotala	Bangladesh
country	Szczepkowo-Kukiełki (ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ kuˈkʲɛu̯ki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczepkowo-Kukiełki	Poland
country	Ježenj is a small village near the town of Pazin in Istria County, Croatia.	Ježenj	Croatia
country	Laval West (French: Laval-Ouest; formerly known as Mille-Îles and Laval) was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 2004.	Laval West	Canada
country	The Nazarcea River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.	Nazarcea River	Romania
country	The University of Misan is an Iraqi university located in Amarah, Maysan, Iraq.	University of Misan	Iraq
country	Alov Kandi (Persian: علوكندي‎, also Romanized as ``Alov Kandī) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 5 families.	Alov Kandi	Iran
country	Vielle-Aure is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department of the Midi-Pyrénées region in south-western France.	Vielle-Aure	France
country	Bonče (Бонче) is a village in the Prilep municipality, in the Republic of Macedonia.	Bonče	Macedonia
country	Nowowola (nɔvɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowowola	Poland
country	Żoruchowo (ʐɔruˈxɔvɔ) (German Sorchow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żoruchowo	Poland
country	Bəhramtəpə (also, Bəhrəmtəpə, Agakhanly, Pervomayskoye, and Pervoye Maya; Russian: Бирмай; formerly Bir May) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bəhramtəpə	Azerbaijan
country	Rozveh (Persian: رزوه‎, also Romanized as Rozweh; also known as Rozba and Rūzīyeh) is a city in the Central District of Chadegan County, in western Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rozveh	Iran
country	Klotjevac (Serbian: Клотјевац) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Klotjevac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Moerangi River or Moerangi Stream is found in New Zealand's Whirinaki Te Pua-a-Tāne Conservation Park.	Moerangi River	New Zealand
country	Raw Energy Records was a Canadian independent record label, based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Raw Energy Records	Canada
country	The Churn Creek Protected Area is a 36,747-hectare (90,800-acre) provincial protected area in British Columbia, Canada.	Churn Creek Protected Area	Canada
country	Lamur (Persian: لامور‎, also Romanized as Lāmūr) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Lamur	Iran
country	Giovanni XXIII Tunnel (also called Passante a Nord-Ovest) is a road tunnel in Rome, Italy, that is part of the Tangenziale Est road.	Giovanni XXIII Tunnel	Italy
country	Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بمپورغربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bampur-e Gharbi Rural District	Iran
country	The Wadi Halfa Salient (named after Wadi Halfa, Arabic وادي حلفا Wādī Ḥalfā, a nearby Sudanese city 22 kilometers south of the border) is the unofficial name of a salient of the international border between Sudan and Egypt along the Nile River to the north.	Wadi Halfa Salient	Sudan
country	Old Ottawa East or just Ottawa East (Vieil Ottawa Est in French) is a neighbourhood in Capital Ward in central Ottawa, Canada.	Old Ottawa East	Canada
country	The Brittany American Cemetery and Memorial is located in Saint-James, Normandy, France, near the northeastern edge of Brittany.	Brittany American Cemetery and Memorial	France
country	Stary Bógpomóż (ˈstarɨ bukˈpɔmuʂ) (German: Althelfgott) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stary Bógpomóż	Poland
country	Mörön Airport (IATA: MXV, ICAO: ZMMN) is a public airport located in Mörön, the capital of Khövsgöl Province, Mongolia.	Mörön Airport	Mongolia
country	Kyain Seikgyi is a town in the Kayin State of southeastern Burma (Myanmar), located on the Zami River.	Kyain Seikgyi	Myanmar
country	The Messina tram depot (in Italian: Deposito tranviario Messina) is the largest tram depot in Milan, Italy, and one of the largest in the world.	Messina tram depot	Italy
country	Ming Chuan University (MCU; Chinese: 銘傳大學) is a selective, private university in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan, accredited in the United States of America.	Ming Chuan University	Taiwan
country	Cochem is the seat of and the biggest town in the Cochem-Zell district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Cochem	Germany
country	Quarten is a municipality in the Wahlkreis (constituency) of Sarganserland, in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland, above Lake Walensee.	Quarten	Switzerland
country	Ortaköy (literally Middle Village in Turkish) is a neighbourhood, formerly a small village, within the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul, Turkey, located in the middle of the European bank of the Bosphorus.	Ortaköy	Turkey
country	CJBN-TV, VHF analogue channel 13, is a Global owned-and-operated television station located in Kenora, Ontario, Canada.	CJBN-TV	Canada
country	CFRU-FM, airing at 93.3 on the FM dial, is a campus radio station based at the University of Guelph in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	CFRU-FM	Canada
country	Łukocin (wuˈkɔt͡ɕin) (German Lukoschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łukocin	Poland
country	Valuyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ولويه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Valūyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Valūyeh-ye Pā’īn, Volūyeh, and Volūyeh Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valuyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Deh Now-e Kheyari (Persian: دهنوخياري‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kheyārī; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Kheyari	Iran
country	The Etobicoke Kangaroos are an amateur Australian Football club based in Etobicoke, Toronto, Canada.	Etobicoke Kangaroos	Canada
country	The Great Weigh House (Polish: Wielka Waga Miejska) is a former structure that existed on the main square of Kraków, Poland.	Great Weigh House	Poland
country	Tabuaço (Portuguese pronunciation: (tɐβuˈasu)) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal.	Tabuaço	Portugal
country	The Gulf of Guacanayabo (Spanish: Golfo de Guacanayabo) is a bay along the southern coast of Cuba, bordered by Granma and Las Tunas provinces.	Gulf of Guacanayabo	Cuba
country	Moires (Greek: Μοίρες, ``Fates'') is a town and a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Moires	Greece
country	Kfar Kidde is a town in Northern Lebanon, roughly 51 km North of Beirut.	Kfar Kidde	Lebanon
country	Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands is a municipality with town status in Manitoulin District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Espanola.	Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands	Canada
country	Maputo International Airport (IATA: MPM, ICAO: FQMA), also known as Lourenço Marques Airport or Mavalane International Airport, is an airport located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northwest of the center of Maputo, the largest city and capital of Mozambique.	Maputo International Airport	Mozambique
country	Mykhalcha (Ukrainian: Михальча; German: Mihalcze; Romanian: Mihalcea) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Mykhalcha	Ukraine
country	Cape Zonchio is the name given by the Venetian cartographers to the cape north of Pylos (Navarino) (called Zonklon or Zonchio in Venetian) on the western coast of Messenia on the Ionian Sea, in present-day Greece.	Cape Zonchio	Greece
country	Wadla is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia; it is named for the former district which lay roughly in the same area.	Wadla	Ethiopia
country	Hajj Mazarb (Persian: حاج معذرب‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Maʿẕarb) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajj Mazarb	Iran
country	Lahore Cantonment, also known as Lahore Cantt, is located in the eastern part of Lahore, Pakistan.	Lahore Cantonment	Pakistan
country	The Vero Centre (constructed as the Royal & SunAlliance Centre) is a high rise office tower located in Auckland, New Zealand.	Vero Centre	New Zealand
country	Vecvārkava is a village in and the centre of Vārkava municipality and Upmale parish, Latvia.	Vecvārkava	Latvia
country	All for Victory (Spanish: Todos por la Victoria) is a political party in Peru.	All for Victory	Peru
country	Thirrë is a populated place in the former Fan municipality, Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Thirrë	Albania
country	Serhetabat (formerly Guşgy in Turkmen, Kushka or Kuschka in Russian) is a small town in the Mary Province in Turkmenistan, located in the valley of the Kushka River.	Serhetabat	Turkmenistan
country	Huntingdale railway station is located on the Pakenham and Cranbourne lines in Victoria, Australia.	Huntingdale railway station	Australia
country	Città di Castello (Italian pronunciation: (tʃitˈta ddi kaˈstɛllo)) is a city and comune in the province of Perugia, in the northern part of the Umbria region of Italy.	Città di Castello	Italy
country	Grochowe (ɡrɔˈxɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Grochowe	Poland
country	Turnpike trusts were bodies set up by Acts of Parliament in the United Kingdom during the 18th and 19th centuries.	Turnpike trusts	United Kingdom
country	Vandve or Vandved is an island in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.	Vandve	Norway
country	Heracleopolis Magna (Greek: Μεγάλη Ἡρακλέους πόλις, Megálē Herakléous pólis) or Heracleopolis (Ἡρακλεόπολις, Herakleópolis) is the Roman name of the capital of the 20th nome (region) of ancient Egypt, located approximately 15 km (9.3 mi) west of the modern city of Beni Suef.	Heracleopolis Magna	Egypt
country	Otjihaenamparero is a farmstead that is 23 km east of the small town of Kalkfeld, Namibia (off of route D2414).	Otjihaenamparero	Namibia
country	Crowne Plaza Belgrade is a four-star hotel located in the Belgrade municipality of Novi Beograd, Serbia.	Crowne Plaza Belgrade	Serbia
country	Mbalam is a place in Cameroon near the southern border with the Republic of the Congo where there are significant deposits of iron ore.	Mbalam	Cameroon
country	Oettinger Brauerei is a brewery group in Germany.	Oettinger Brauerei	Germany
country	Guruvayankere is village in Beltangadi Taluk of Dakshina Kannada district in the country of India.	Guruvayankere	India
country	Cheongwon-gu (Hangul: 청원구; hanja: 淸原區) is a non-autonomous district in the city of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Cheongwon-gu	South Korea
country	Karja Church (Estonian: Karja kirik) is a medieval Lutheran church located in Linnaka village on Saaremaa island, Estonia.	Karja Church	Estonia
country	The Department of Taxes and Attorney General's Chambers Building (sometimes shortened to Attorney General's Chambers Building) is currently the tallest building in Botswana and one of the most expensive buildings built in Africa.	Department of Taxes and Attorney General's Chambers Building	Botswana
country	Ahmadabad-e Kahnuj (Persian: احمدابادكهنوج‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Kahnūj; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Kahnuj	Iran
country	Uxbridge, Tasmania is a Postal Code within Tasmania, Australia.	Uxbridge, Tasmania	Australia
country	The AACTA Award for Best Reality Television Series is an award presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a non-profit organisation whose aim is to ``identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television.''	AACTA Award for Best Reality Television Series	Australia
country	The Fanes-Sennes-Prags Nature Park (Ladin: Parch natural Fanes-Senes-Braies; Italian: Parco naturale Fanes-Sennes-Braies; German: Naturpark Fanes-Sennes-Prags) is a nature reserve in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Fanes-Sennes-Prags Nature Park	Italy
country	Mount Pendan is an active volcano on Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mount Pendan	Indonesia
country	Cham Nezami (Persian: چم نظامي‎‎, also Romanized as Cham Nez̧āmī) is a village in Ab Baran Rural District, Joulaki District, Aghajari County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Nezami	Iran
country	Wolziger See is a lake in Heidesee, Brandenburg, Germany.	Wolziger See	Germany
country	Belušić (Serbian Cyrillic: Белушић) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia, in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač).	Belušić	Serbia
country	In Yiddish the names of some cities in the Netherlands and Germany were shortened to Mokum and had the first letter of the name of the city, transliterated into the Hebrew alphabet, added to them.	Mokum	Netherlands
country	Dangavo is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran Prefecture of the northern Central African Republic.	Dangavo	Central African Republic
country	Shahrak-e Shiasi (Persian: شهرك شياسي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shīāsī; also known as Sheyāsī, Shias, Shīāsī, and Shiyasi) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shiasi	Iran
country	The Centre Étienne Desmarteau is a multi-purpose complex center with two ice rinks in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Centre Étienne Desmarteau	Canada
country	Luhove (Ukrainian: Лугове) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Luhove	Ukraine
country	The Zagreb Jewish Film Festival (JFF) is an annual film festival held in Zagreb, Croatia which is dedicated to preservation of memories on Holocaust and on raising public awareness about importance of tolerance.	Zagreb Jewish Film Festival	Croatia
country	The first awarding of the star was by Governor General Michaëlle Jean, on 27 October 2006; only with Canada's participation in the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan did there emerge, for the first time since 1993, circumstances wherein one could carry out actions deserving of the Medal of Military Valour.	Medal of Military Valour	Canada
country	Relin Sosa Athletic Track is an athletic track in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico.	Relin Sosa Athletic Track	Puerto Rico
country	Korostyshiv (Ukrainian: Коростишів, Russian: Коростышев) is a city in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Korostyshiv	Ukraine
country	Urara Island is a small inhabited island in the northern part of Ataliklikun Bay (Bismarck Sea) in Papua New Guinea, located just off the mainland of the northern coast of New Britain.	Urara Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Sekirnik (Macedonian: Секирник) is a village in Republic of Macedonia near Strumica.	Sekirnik	Macedonia
country	The Zemen Monastery (Bulgarian: Земенски манастир, Zemenski manastir) is a Bulgarian Orthodox monastery located one kilometre away from the town of Zemen, Pernik Province in western Bulgaria.	Zemen Monastery	Bulgaria
country	Diezmero is a ward in the outskirts of Havana, Cuba, located by Carretera Central.	Diezmero	Cuba
country	The Greek basketball league system or Greek basketball league pyramid, is a series of interconnected competitions for professional basketball clubs in Greece.	Greek basketball league system	Greece
country	Stoupa (Greek: Στούπα) is a village on the coast of the southern Peloponnese peninsula in Greece.	Stoupa	Greece
country	Limingen (Southern Sami: Lyjmede) is a lake in the municipalities of Røyrvik and Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Limingen	Norway
country	The Regional Assembly of Murcia (Spanish: Asamblea Regional de Murcia) is the autonomous parliament of the Region of Murcia, one of the autonomous communities of Spain.	Regional Assembly of Murcia	Spain
country	Guácimo is the capital of Guácimo, Limón Province in Costa Rica.	Guácimo	Costa Rica
country	The annual sheep shearing competition, Lochearnhead Shears, was established in 1993, growing to become one of the largest sheep shearing competitions in the United Kingdom.	Lochearnhead	United Kingdom
country	Shiroka Polyana (Bulgarian: Широка поляна) is a reservoir lake situated in the Western Rhodopes mountains in Bulgaria.	Shiroka Polyana	Bulgaria
country	Jolleyn (Persian: جلين‎, also Romanized as Jolleyn, Jolīn, and Jollīn) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jolleyn	Iran
country	Sinaia railway station serves the Sinaia mountain resort in Romania.	Sinaia railway station	Romania
country	The Sarn Gynfelyn shingle spit on the coast of Cardigan Bay, in the county of Ceredigion, Mid-Wales, in the United Kingdom.	Sarn Gynfelyn	United Kingdom
country	The Khan Clock Tower was built in Colombo, Sri Lanka by the Khan Family of Bombay.	Khan Clock Tower	Sri Lanka
country	Monte Binga is the highest mountain in Mozambique and the second highest mountain in Zimbabwe.	Monte Binga	Mozambique
country	Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy (Norwegian: Brønnøysund lufthavn, Brønnøy; IATA: BNN, ICAO: ENBN) is a regional airport located at the town of Brønnøysund, in the municipality of Brønnøy, Nordland county, Norway.	Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy	Norway
country	Dhaunkal (Urdu, Punjabi دھونکل) is a town in Gujranwala district, Punjab, Pakistan.	Dhaunkal	Pakistan
country	San Gaspar de los Reyes (known as San Gaspar or SanGas) is a town that makes up an important part of the Jalostotitlan Municipality in central Mexico.	San Gaspar de los Reyes	Mexico
country	The Needle Rocks, also known as the Needles, are a group of five main rock islets located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Needle Rocks	Australia
country	The Wingham Brush Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Wingham Brush Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Doksany (German Doxan) is a village and municipality (obec) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Doksany	Czech Republic
country	Exeter Synagogue is located in Synagogue Place, in Mary Arches within the old city of Exeter, Devon, and is the third oldest synagogue in the United Kingdom.	Exeter Synagogue	United Kingdom
country	Saint-Ferréol-d'Auroure (Occitan: Sent Ferriòu) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.	Saint-Ferréol-d'Auroure	France
country	Badong County (simplified Chinese: 巴东县; traditional Chinese: 巴東縣; pinyin: Bādōng Xiàn; literally: ``East of (state of) Ba'') is a county located in the extreme west of Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Badong County	People's Republic of China
country	Pir Taj (Persian: پيرتاج‎, also Romanized as Pīr Tāj; also known as Pīr Tājī) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Taj	Iran
country	Tsarichina is a village in western Bulgaria, located in Kostinbrod Municipality.	Tsarichina	Bulgaria
country	Zhongli District (Chinese: 中壢區; pinyin: Zhōnglì Qv) is a district in Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Zhongli District	Taiwan
country	Ankara Palas is a historical building, which is used as an official state guest house in the capital Ankara, Turkey.	Ankara Palas	Turkey
country	Holmöarna (Swedish, literally the islet islands) is an island group in the Kvarken narrows of the Gulf of Bothnia between Sweden and Finland.	Holmöarna	Sweden
country	Miya Khan Chishti's Mosque and Tomb is a medieval mosque and tomb complex on the bank of Sabarmati river in Shahibaug area of Ahmedabad, India.	Miya Khan Chishti's Mosque	India
country	Thottam, Manacaud is a small region near by Manacaud,which is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India.	Thottam, Manacaud	India
country	The Heraion of Samos was a large sanctuary to the goddess Hera, in the southern region of Samos, Greece, 6 km southwest of the ancient city, in a low, marshy river basin near the sea.	Heraion of Samos	Greece
country	Amsil is a village in Kaepung, North Hwanghae, North Korea near the South Korean border.	Amsil	North Korea
country	Ampombiantambo is a small town in the region of Diana in northern Madagascar, near Mount Ambohitra.	Ampombiantambo	Madagascar
country	Tøyenbadet in Oslo is Norway's busiest indoor swimming facility.	Tøyenbadet	Norway
country	Stawiszyn-Zwalewo (staˈviʂɨn zvaˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stawiszyn-Zwalewo	Poland
country	Queenwood is a suburb in northern Hamilton in New Zealand.	Queenwood	New Zealand
country	The Subang Airport Mosque or Masjid Lapangan Terbang Antarabangsa Subang is a main mosque in Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, Selangor, Malaysia.	Subang Airport Mosque	Malaysia
country	The Nadarivatu Dam, also known as the Korolevu Dam, is a concrete gravity dam on the upper reaches of the Sigatoka River in Nadarivatu District of Nadroga-Navosa Province, Fiji.	Nadarivatu Dam	Fiji
country	Ejura is a town and the capital of Ejura/Sekyedumase, a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Ejura	Ghana
country	Janhova (pronounced (ˈjaːŋxɔʋa)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia.	Janhova	Slovenia
country	Kaifan is a suburb of Kuwait City; it is located in the governorate of Al Asimah in Kuwait.	Kaifan	Kuwait
country	Zamęt (ˈzamɛnt) (formerly German Neumühl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Zamęt	Poland
country	Talmei Bilu (Hebrew: תַּלְמֵי בִּיל``וּ, lit. Bilu Furrows) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Talmei Bilu	Israel
country	Tłoczyzna (twɔˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tłoczyzna	Poland
country	Anse La Raye or Anse-La-Raye is the largest town in Anse la Raye Quarter, Saint Lucia; it is located on the island's western side, near Marigot Bay.	Anse La Raye	Saint Lucia
country	Słupy Duże (ˈswupɨ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Słupy Duże	Poland
country	The Fountain in Piazza Santa Maria in Trastevere is a fountain located in the square in front of the church of Santa Maria in Trastevere, Rome, Italy.	Fountain in Piazza Santa Maria in Trastevere	Italy
country	The Docheiariou monastery (Greek: Μονή Δοχειαρίου) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery at the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece.	Docheiariou	Greece
country	Brammah is a mountain massif in the Kishtwar Himalayas of Jammu and Kashmir, India, east of the town of Kishtwar and near the border with Himachal Pradesh.	Brammah	India
country	The Transylvanian Plain (Romanian: Câmpia Transilvaniei, Hungarian: Mezőség) is an ethnogeographical area in Transylvania, Romania, located between the Someş River and the Mureş River.	Transylvanian Plain	Romania
country	Jagličje is a village in Serbia, in the municipality of Gadzin Han in Nisava district .	Jagličje	Serbia
country	Zgornja Luša (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈluːʃa); German: Oberluscha) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornja Luša	Slovenia
country	Blåvand Lighthouse (Danish: Blåvand Fyr) is a seacoast lighthouse in Blåvandshuk near Esbjerg, Denmark.	Blåvand Lighthouse	Denmark
country	English National Ballet School is a specialist classical ballet school based in London in the United Kingdom.	English National Ballet School	United Kingdom
country	Grand Kru County is a county in the southeastern portion of Liberia.	Grand Kru County	Liberia
country	Brighton railway station is the principal railway station in the city of Brighton and Hove, East Sussex, on the south coast of the United Kingdom.	Brighton railway station	United Kingdom
country	Yengicə (also, Yengidzha and Yenidzha) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Yengicə	Azerbaijan
country	Psyttaleia (Greek: Ψυττάλεια) is an uninhabited island in the Saronic Gulf a few miles off the coast of Piraeus, Greece.	Psyttaleia	Greece
country	Weichselbaum is a common surname in Austria.	Weichselbaum	Austria
country	Debenec (pronounced (dɛˈbɛːnəts) or (dəˈbɛːnəts)) is a small settlement in the hills in the municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Debenec	Slovenia
country	Mandi Shah Jeewna is a town in the Jhang District, Punjab, Pakistan, about 33 km north of Jhang.	Mandi Shah Jeewna	Pakistan
country	DR-13 is a highway in the Dominican Republic.	DR-13	Dominican Republic
country	The Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra (German: Radio-Sinfonieorchester Stuttgart des SWR) is an orchestra based in Stuttgart in Germany.	Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra	Germany
country	Dzoramut (Armenian: Ձորամուտ; formerly, Molla Eyublu, Molla Eylublu, and Evlu) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Dzoramut	Armenia
country	The Watsonville Traction Company, later renamed the Watsonville Railway and Navigation Company, was a 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge, interurban electrified railway in the U.S. State of California in the United States of America.	Watsonville Traction Company	United States of America
country	Cockburn Sound is an inlet of the Indian Ocean on the coast of Western Australia.	Cockburn Sound	Australia
country	Malacky Air Base (ICAO: LZMC) is a military airport located near Malacky, a town in the Bratislava Region of Slovakia.	Malacky Air Base	Slovakia
country	The Klützer Winkel or Klützer Ort (in the vernacular also Speckwinkel) is a part of the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Klützer Winkel	Germany
country	Barrallier Island is a very small uninhabited island located 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) northwest of French Island in Victoria, Australia.	Barrallier Island	Australia
country	In Dalag (also written I-n-Daladj) is a village in the commune of Tamanrasset, in Tamanrasset District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	In Dalag	Algeria
country	Khenifiss National Park (French: Le Parc National Khenifiss ) is a national park in the southwest of Morocco, located near Akhfenir on the Atlantic coast in the region of Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra.	Khenifiss National Park	Morocco
country	Boldaji (Persian: بلداجي‎, also Romanized as Boldājī; also known as Būldāji) is a city in and the capital of Boldaji District, in Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Boldaji	Iran
country	The Samsung Town (Korean: 삼성타운) is a major office park in Seocho-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Samsung Town	South Korea
country	Xaşı (also, Khashi and Khashy) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xaşı	Azerbaijan
country	Wilders Plads is a waterfront area located just north of Wilders Kanal, a branch of Christianshavns Kanal, in the north-western corner of the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Wilders Plads	Denmark
country	2006 S.League was the eleventh season of Singapore's professional football league.	2006 S.League	Singapore
country	Hodonín Zoo, (Zoologická zahrada Jihlava) is a Czech zoo, located on the northwestern outskirts of Hodonín in South Moravia, Czech Republic.	Hodonín Zoo	Czech Republic
country	Njutånger is a locality situated in Hudiksvall Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 885 inhabitants in 2010.	Njutånger	Sweden
country	Oittaa is a district in Espoo, Finland, located on the southern shore of Lake Bodom.	Oittaa	Finland
country	Chatswood Oval is located south of the Chatswood railway station in northern Sydney, Australia.	Chatswood Oval	Australia
country	Kapuskasing Airport, (IATA: YYU, ICAO: CYYU), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) west of the town of Kapuskasing in northern Ontario, Canada.	Kapuskasing Airport	Canada
country	Svetićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Светићево) is a village in Serbia.	Svetićevo	Serbia
country	Veselí nad Lužnicí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɛsɛliː ˈnadluʒɲɪtsiː); German: Wesseli an der Lainsitz) is a town in South Bohemia, Czech Republic and has population of 6,600.	Veselí nad Lužnicí	Czech Republic
country	Cornwall Hill College is a private school in Irene, Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.	Cornwall Hill College	South Africa
country	Nordfold Church (Norwegian: Nordfold kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Nordfold Church	Norway
country	Doliana (Greek: Δολιανά) is a community of the municipality North Kynouria, in eastern Arcadia, Greece.	Doliana	Greece
country	Xaibe (/ʃaɪˈbeɪ/) is small rural settlement in the country of Belize mainly consisting of people from the Yucatec Maya ethnicity.	Xaibe	Belize
country	Boneh Karuk (Persian: بنه كروك‎, also Romanized as Boneh Karūḵ; also known as Boneh Kark) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh Karuk	Iran
country	Mitzpe Aviv (Hebrew: מִצְפֵּה אָבִי``ב, lit. Spring Lookout) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Mitzpe Aviv	Israel
country	German submarine U-304 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She saw service in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	German submarine U-304	Germany
country	Stoltmany (stɔltˈmanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stoltmany	Poland
country	Mae Sot Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานแม่สอด) (IATA: MAQ, ICAO: VTPM) is an airport serving Mae Sot, a town in Tak Province in Thailand.	Mae Sot Airport	Thailand
country	Lake Velence is the third largest lake in Hungary.	Lake Velence	Hungary
country	Algutsrum Hundred, or Algutsrums härad, was a hundred of Öland in Sweden.	Algutsrum Hundred	Sweden
country	Shiroka Laka (Bulgarian: Широка лъка, ``wide meander'') is a village in the very south of Bulgaria, located in Smolyan municipality, Smolyan Province.	Shiroka Laka	Bulgaria
country	The Holy Spirit Orphanage (Dutch: Heilige Geest- of Arme Wees- en Kinderhuis) was an orphanage in the city of Leiden in the Netherlands.	Holy Spirit Orphanage	Netherlands
country	Herblay is a commune in the department of Val-d'Oise, France.	Herblay	France
country	Czołna (ˈt͡ʂɔu̯na) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Czołna	Poland
country	German submarine U-502 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 2 April 1940 at the Deutsche Werft yard in Hamburg with yardnumber 292, launched on 18 February 1941 and commissioned on 31 May under the command of Kapitänleutnant Jürgen von Rosenstiel.	German submarine U-502	Germany
country	Hotel Wangchuck is a hotel in Thimphu, Bhutan, located in the heart of the city on the Chang Lam, overlooking the Changlimithang Stadium.	Hotel Wangchuck	Bhutan
country	Søborg halt is a railway halt located about 2 km (1.2 mi) north east of the village of Søborg near Gilleleje on the island of Zealand, Denmark.	Søborg halt	Denmark
country	Polesie State Radioecological Reserve (Belarusian: Палескі дзяржаўны радыяцыйна-экалагічны запаведнік, Russian: Полесский государственный радиационно-экологический заповедник), is a nature reserve in Belarus, which was created to enclose the territory of Belarus most affected by radioactive fallout from the Chernobyl disaster.	Polesie State Radioecological Reserve	Belarus
country	Nasirabad Government High School (Bengali: নাসিরাবাদ সরকারী উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is one of the best government high schools in Bangladesh situated at East Nasirabad area in Chittagong, the port-city and the second largest city of the country.	Nasirabad Government High School	Bangladesh
country	The Tribuna of the Uffizi is an octagonal room in the Uffizi gallery, Florence, Italy.	Tribuna of the Uffizi	Italy
country	Hvítavatn is a small lake in the southern Highlands of Iceland.	Hvítavatn	Iceland
country	The Angus L. Macdonald Bridge, known locally as ``the old bridge'', is a suspension bridge crossing Halifax Harbour in Nova Scotia, Canada; it opened on April 2, 1955.	Angus L. Macdonald Bridge	Canada
country	Gezerdar (Persian: گذردر‎, also Romanized as Gozar Dar) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gezerdar	Iran
country	The Festival de Cine Iberoamericano de Huelva is a film festival, celebrated since 1974 in Huelva, Spain) dedicated to promoting Latin American cinema in Europe.	Festival de Cine Iberoamericano de Huelva	Spain
country	The Kaimai Range (sometimes referred to as the Kaimai Ranges) is a mountain range in the North Island of New Zealand.	Kaimai Range	New Zealand
country	Andrejci (Hungarian: Andorhegy) is a settlement north of Martjanci in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Andrejci	Slovenia
country	St Joseph's School, Mabiri is a Marist School on Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea.	St Joseph's School, Mabiri	Papua New Guinea
country	Gnieździska (ɡɲeʑˈd͡ʑiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gnieździska	Poland
country	Bozhurishte (Bulgarian: Божурище) is a town in western Bulgaria.	Bozhurishte	Bulgaria
country	Seh Eshgaftan (Persian: سه اشگفتان‎, also Romanized as Seh Eshgaftān; also known as Seh Eshkaftadān and Seh Eshkaftān) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seh Eshgaftan	Iran
country	Kurnan (Persian: كورنان‎, also Romanized as Kūrnān, Kornān, and Kowrnān) is a village in Bam Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kurnan	Iran
country	PAF Base Masroor (ICAO: OPMR) is the largest airbase operated by the Pakistan Air Force.	PAF Base Masroor	Pakistan
country	Wola Knyszyńska (ˈvɔla knɨˈʂɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Knyszyńska	Poland
country	Barra Grande is a little seaside village in the municipality of Trairi, Ceará, Brazil.	Barra Grande	Brazil
country	Nakło nad Notecią (ˈnakwɔ ˌnad nɔˈtɛt͡ɕɔ̃) (German: Nakel) is a town in northern Poland on the river Noteć (German: Netze) with 23,687 inhabitants (2007).	Nakło nad Notecią	Poland
country	Jerez de los Caballeros is a town of south-western Spain, in the province of Badajoz.	Jerez de los Caballeros	Spain
country	It is the longest continuously-published dance title in Canada (since 1976); it was originally called Vandance but was renamed to Dance International in 1993 to better reflect its increasingly global editorial scope.	Dance International	Canada
country	Froan Chapel (Norwegian: Froan kapell) is a small church on the island of Sauøy in the Froan islands in Frøya, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Froan Chapel	Norway
country	Settimo Vittone is a comune (municipality) in the province of Turin, Piedmont, northern Italy.	Settimo Vittone	Italy
country	Galkayo District (Somali: Degmada Gaalkacyo) is a district in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Galkayo District	Somalia
country	Fedje Church (Norwegian: Fedje kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fedje Church	Norway
country	Ovcullu (also, Ovculu, Oudzhulu, and Ovdzhulu) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ovcullu	Azerbaijan
country	Batheay District (Khmer: ស្រុកបាធាយ) is a district (srok) of Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.	Batheay District	Cambodia
country	Suchownia (suˈxɔvɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Suchownia	Poland
country	Yothinburana School (Thai: โรงเรียนโยธินบูรณะ) is a publicly funded secondary school with nearly 4,000 students in Bangkok, Thailand under the jurisdiction of the General Education Department of Ministry of Education.	Yothinburana School	Thailand
country	Zoo Park is a public park on Independence Avenue in downtown Windhoek, Namibia.	Zoo Park	Namibia
country	Kasian-e Rostam Khani (Persian: كاسيان رستمخاني‎‎, also Romanized as Kāsīān-e Rostam Khānī; also known as Rostam Khānī and Rostam Khānī-ye Kaseyān) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kasian-e Rostam Khani	Iran
country	Bishan Bus Interchange is a bus interchange serving Bishan in Singapore.	Bishan Bus Interchange	Singapore
country	Suntur (Quechua, hispanicized spelling Sondor) is an archaeological site in Peru built by the Chanka people.	Suntur	Peru
country	Jeverland refers to the northern part of the present-day district of Friesland in northern Germany with the town of Jever as the seat of its local government.	Jeverland	Germany
country	Sankt Thomas Plads is a round plaza located on Frederiksberg Allé, near its eastern end (where it meets Vesterbrogade) in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sankt Thomas Plads	Denmark
country	Aprelevka (Russian: Апре́левка) is a town in Naro-Fominsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located along the Moscow--	Aprelevka	Russia
country	Schloss Eicks is a mansion of Renaissance architecture located in the village of Eicks belonging to the town of Mechernich based in the district of Euskirchen in the south of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Schloss Eicks	Germany
country	The Battle of Kunduz took place from April to October 2015 for control of the city of Kunduz, located in northern Afghanistan, with Taliban fighters attempting to displace Afghan security forces.	Battle of Kunduz	Afghanistan
country	Vaduz Cathedral, or Cathedral of St. Florin (German: St. Florinskirche in Vaduz or Kathedrale St. Florin), is a neo-Gothic church in Vaduz, Liechtenstein, and the center of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vaduz.	Vaduz Cathedral	Liechtenstein
country	The National Palace Museum (Chinese: 國立故宮博物院; pinyin: Guólì gùgōng bówùyuàn) is a museum in Shilin, Taipei, Taiwan, focused on ancient Chinese art and artifacts.	National Palace Museum	Taiwan
country	William F. Ludwig got this idea in his early years back in Germany from Sonor and began to use it later in Chicago.	Sonor	Germany
country	Montreux Casino (Casino Barrière de Montreux) is a casino located in Montreux, Switzerland, on the shoreline of Lake Geneva.	Montreux Casino	Switzerland
country	The Eista Werf was a shipyard in The Netherlands.	Eista Werf	Netherlands
country	College of Engineering, Kottarakkara (established in 2004), commonly known as CEK, is an engineering institute in the state of Kerala, India.	College of Engineering, Kottarakkara	India
country	Stockholm Half Marathon is an annual half marathon arranged in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Half Marathon	Sweden
country	Briviesca is a municipality and city located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Briviesca	Spain
country	Hrabské (Rusyn: Грабске, Hungarian: Geréb) is a village and municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Hrabské	Slovakia
country	L'ak (Khmer: ល្អក) is a commune in Ou Chum District in northeast Cambodia.	L'ak	Cambodia
country	Brusník (Hungarian: Borosznok) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Brusník	Slovakia
country	Hataitai is an inner-city suburb of Wellington, the capital of New Zealand, 3.5 kilometres southeast of the city centre.	Hataitai	New Zealand
country	Trnavské mýto is an important transport junction and intersection in Bratislava, Slovakia, in the Nové Mesto district.	Trnavské mýto	Slovakia
country	Ukhta State Technical University (USTU) is the largest university in the Komi Republic of Russia.	Ukhta State Technical University	Russia
country	Aspendale Racecourse or Aspendale Park Racecourse was a horse racing and motor racing track located at Aspendale, Victoria, Australia.	Aspendale Racecourse	Australia
country	The Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo (also known for sponsorship reasons as Estadio Banco Pichincha) is a football stadium located in the parish of Tarqui in northern Guayaquil, Ecuador.	Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo	Ecuador
country	Stare Stulno (ˈstarɛ ˈstulnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Stare Stulno	Poland
country	Goodwood Circuit is a historic venue for both two- and four-wheeled motorsport in the United Kingdom.	Goodwood Circuit	United Kingdom
country	Medžitlija (Macedonian: Меџитлија, Turkish: Mecitli, Albanian: Mexhitli, Greek: Μετζίτλια) is a village situated in the south-west of the Republic of Macedonia, along the border with Greece.	Medžitlija	Macedonia
country	Farum Arena is a multi-purpose arena, located in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Farum Arena	Denmark
country	Leskovdol (Bulgarian: Лесковдол) is a mountainous village in Bulgaria situated in Western Stara planina.	Leskovdol	Bulgaria
country	Romsdal District Court (Norwegian: Romsdal tingrett) is a district court located in Molde, Norway.	Romsdal District Court	Norway
country	Nova Vas nad Dragonjo (Slovene: Nova vas nad Dragonjo) is a village to the northeast above Dragonja in the Municipality of Piran in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Nova Vas nad Dragonjo	Slovenia
country	Pkhrut, is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Pkhrut	Armenia
country	The Johnstone River, comprising the North Johnstone River and the South Johnstone River, is a river system located in Far North and North Queensland, Australia.	Johnstone River	Australia
country	Racial vilification is the term in the legislation of Australia that refers to a public act that encourages or incites others to hate people because of their race, nationality, country of origin, colour or ethnic origin .	Racial vilification	Australia
country	Domestic Road, also known as Domestic Airport Road, is a major local road in Pasay, Metro Manila, Philippines that links Andrews Avenue to the north and NAIA Road to the south.	Domestic Road	Philippines
country	Schlanders (Italian: Silandro) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of the city of Bolzano.	Schlanders	Italy
country	Dyupsya (Russian: Дюпся) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of three settlements, in addition to Byadi and Stoyka, in Dyupsyunsky Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Dyupsya	Russia
country	The Tochquonyalla Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located east of the Gamsby River and west of Lindquist Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Tochquonyalla Range	Canada
country	Tejgaon College (Bengali:তেজগাঁও কলেজ) is a college in Dhaka city, Bangladesh which was founded in 1961.	Tejgaon College	Bangladesh
country	Roero (Italian pronunciation: (roˈɛːro)) is a geographical area in the north-east corner of the province of Cuneo in Piedmont, north-west Italy.	Roero	Italy
country	Ovchepoltsi (Bulgarian: Овчеполци) is a village in Pazardzhik Municipality, Pazardzhik Province, southern Bulgaria.	Ovchepoltsi	Bulgaria
country	Ebrahimabad-e Deh Gavi (Persian: ابراهيم اباددهگاوي‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Deh Gāvī; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad-e Deh Gavi	Iran
country	Hyllie was a city district (Swedish: stadsdel) in the central of Malmö Municipality, Sweden.	Hyllie	Sweden
country	Ranong (Thai: ระนอง (Pronunciation)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in southern Thailand, capital of the Ranong Province and the Mueang Ranong district.	Ranong	Thailand
country	The Sutla (Croatian) or Sotla (Slovene) is a river flowing through Slovenia and Croatia, mostly forming their border.	Sutla	Slovenia	Croatia
country	Kuthiran is a mountainous terrain in Thrissur district of Kerala state, south India.	Kuthiran	India
country	Store Trollhøin is a mountain in Lom municipality, Oppland, Norway.	Store Trollhøin	Norway
country	Šķilbēni parish (Latvian: Šķilbēnu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District, Latvia.	Šķilbēni parish	Latvia
country	Darkovice (German: Gross Darkowitz) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Darkovice	Czech Republic
country	The Royal National Rose Society Gardens, also known as The Gardens of The Rose, are the gardens and headquarters of The Royal National Rose Society at Chiswell Green, near St Albans, Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.	Royal National Rose Society Gardens	United Kingdom
country	Sang-e Kalidar (Persian: سنگ كليدر‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Kalīdar; also known as Dehneh Ārbāb) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sang-e Kalidar	Iran
country	Hebbes Bro (Swedish: ``Bridge of Hebbe'') is a pedestrian bridge in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, connecting the two islands Riddarholmen and Stadsholmen.	Hebbes Bro	Sweden
country	The Acuario Inbursa is an aquarium in the Nuevo Polanco district of Mexico City.	Acuario Inbursa	Mexico
country	Porter Creek Centre is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Yukon, Canada.	Porter Creek Centre	Canada
country	San Sebastián de Garabandal (commonly called just Garabandal), is a rural village in the Peña Sagra mountain range of Northern Spain.	San Sebastián de Garabandal	Spain
country	Nanikhir High School (NHS) (Bengali: ননীক্ষীর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a famous school in the town of Nanikhir, Gopalganj District, Bangladesh	Nanikhir High School	Bangladesh
country	Souskiou (Greek: Σουσκιού, Turkish: Susuz) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 4 km north of Kouklia.	Souskiou	Cyprus
country	Majres is one of the villages of Sodfa in Asyut Governorate, Egypt.	Majres	Egypt
country	Narg (Persian: نرگ‎; also known as Ark and Nark) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Narg	Iran
country	Damianowo (damjaˈnɔvɔ) (German: Damsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Damianowo	Poland
country	Skeppsbron (Swedish: ``The Ship's Bridge'') is both a street and a quay in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, capital of Sweden, stretching from the bridge Strömbron in front of the Royal Palace southward to Slussen.	Skeppsbron	Sweden
country	Samokov (Bulgarian: Самоков) is a town in Sofia Province in the southwest of Bulgaria.	Samokov	Bulgaria
country	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University (JRHU) (Sanskrit: जगद्गुरुरामभद्राचार्यविकलाङ्गविश्वविद्यालयः, Hindi: जगद्गुरु रामभद्राचार्य विकलांग विश्वविद्यालय) is a private university in Chitrakoot, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University	India
country	Vallarpadam is one among the group of islands, that form a part of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India.	Vallarpadam	India
country	The Wokiro River is a seasonal watercourse in Eritrea.	Wokiro River	Eritrea
country	Planchón-Peteroa is a complex volcano extending in a north-south direction along the border between Argentina and Chile.	Planchón-Peteroa	Argentina	Chile
country	Brand-Laaben is a town in the district of Sankt Pölten-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Brand-Laaben	Austria
country	Castrop, since 1 April 1926, is part of Castrop-Rauxel, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Castrop	Germany
country	Officially known as the Treaty between Australia and the Republic of Indonesia on the zone of cooperation in an area between the Indonesian province of East Timor and Northern Australia, the Timor Gap Treaty is a treaty between the governments of Australia and Indonesia.	Timor Gap Treaty	East Timor
country	Lielirbe (Livonian: Īra) is a populated place in Tārgale parish, Ventspils municipality, Latvia.	Lielirbe	Latvia
country	Gaziemir Air Base (ICAO: LTBK) (Turkish: Gaziemir Hava Üssü) is an airbase of the Turkish Air Force located 10 km (6.2 mi) south of Izmir, Turkey.	Gaziemir Air Base	Turkey
country	Mollaməmmədli (also, Mollaəhmədli) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mollaməmmədli	Azerbaijan
country	Posht-e Aresht (Persian: پشت ارشت‎; also known as Poshteh Arīsht) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Posht-e Aresht	Iran
country	The Augarten is a public park of 52.2 hectares (129 acres) situated in the Leopoldstadt, the second district of Vienna, Austria.	Augarten	Austria
country	Philipsdam is a dam that belongs to the Delta Works in the Netherlands.	Philipsdam	Netherlands
country	Parchy (also, Parchi) is a village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.	Parchy	Azerbaijan
country	Damel was the title of the ruler (or king) of the Wolof kingdom of Cayor in what is now northwest Senegal, West Africa.	Damel	Senegal
country	Tullu Milki (also spelled Tullu Milchi, Tulu Mīlkī) is a town in central Ethiopia.	Tullu Milki	Ethiopia
country	RAAF Station Narromine was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) station located at Narromine, New South Wales, Australia.	RAAF Station Narromine	Australia
country	Beşdam (also, Bəşdam) is a village and municipality in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Beşdam	Azerbaijan
country	Mo Chhu is a major river in Bhutan.	Mo Chhu	Bhutan
country	Kusile Power Station (formerly known as the Bravo Power Station) in South Africa is a coal-fired power plant under construction by state electricity utility Eskom, about 15 kilometres north of the existing Kendal Power Station near Witbank, Mpumalanga.	Kusile Power Station	South Africa
country	The Havelock City Project, well known locally for its Asia Pacific Property Awards, is one of the largest and most expensive multi-purpose real-estate development projects in the world, being constructed in the Havelock Town region of Sri Lanka.	Havelock City	Sri Lanka
country	The Tanjung Datu National Park (Malay: Taman Negara Tanjung Datu) is a national park located in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Tanjung Datu National Park	Malaysia
country	Faragheh (Persian: فراغه‎, also Romanized as Farāgheh and Ferāghah; also known as Ferāgha) is a village in Faragheh Rural District, in the Central District of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Faragheh	Iran
country	Kasarani is a residential area in Nairobi, the capital city of Kenya.	Kasarani	Kenya
country	Abu `Arish is a city in Jizan Province, in south-western Saudi Arabia.	Abu `Arish	Saudi Arabia
country	Litchfield National Park, covering approximately 1500 km2, is near the township of Batchelor, 100 km south-west of Darwin, in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Litchfield National Park	Australia
country	Bendebembli (Kannada: ) is a panchayat village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Bendebembli	India
country	Baveysi-ye Mashian (Persian: باويسي ماشيان‎, also Romanized as Bāveysī-ye Māshīān; also known as Bāvīsī) is a village in Sarqaleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baveysi-ye Mashian	Iran
country	Marlborough Apartments is an apartment building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Marlborough Apartments	Canada
country	Gartan (Irish: Gartán) is a parish in County Donegal, Ireland.	Gartan	Ireland
country	Chah-e Palami (Persian: چاه پلمي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Palamī) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Palami	Iran
country	Paseo de la Reforma is a wide avenue that runs diagonally across the heart of Mexico City.	Paseo de la Reforma	Mexico
country	The Lizard Lifeboat Station can refer to several Royal National Lifeboat Institution lifeboat stations located on The Lizard in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	The Lizard Lifeboat Station	United Kingdom
country	Hinulugang Taktak is a waterfall in the Philippines found in the province of Rizal on Luzon island.	Hinulugang Taktak	Philippines
country	Togra Sawroop Singh is located at south of Jhunjhunu City in the state of Rajasthan, India, and around 21 kilometers from headquarters.	Togra Sawroop Singh	India
country	Anklam (German pronunciation: (ˈaŋklam)) (Polish: Nakło nad Pianą), formerly known as Tanglim and Wendenburg, is a town in the Western Pomerania region of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Anklam	Germany
country	Windsor Public Library is a library in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Windsor Public Library	Canada
country	Glodeni (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡloˈdenʲ)) is a city in the northwest of Moldova; it is the seat of Glodeni District.	Glodeni	Moldova
country	People migrated from that village at the time of partition in 1947 to Pakistan inhabited that town so named Angakiri.	Angakiri	Pakistan
country	Taps Colony in Thane district, Maharashtra, India is the official colony of the Atomic power station.	Taps Colony	India
country	Sokcho Airport (IATA: SHO, ICAO: RKND) was an airport in Sokcho, a city in the Gangwon province of South Korea.	Sokcho Airport	South Korea
country	Klenovik (pronounced (klɛnɔˈʋiːk)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Klenovik	Slovenia
country	Smolna (ˈsmɔlna) (German: Schmollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Smolna	Poland
country	Point Lonsdale is a coastal township on the Bellarine Peninsula, near Queenscliff, Victoria, Australia.	Point Lonsdale	Australia
country	Vyngapur River (Russian: Вынгапур) is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, the right tributary of the Pyakupur River.	Vyngapur River	Russia
country	The Furkelpass is a mountain pass in South Tyrol, Italy.	Furkelpass	Italy
country	Kattendijk Sands is a five million years old marine geological formation north of Antwerp, Belgium.	Kattendijk Sands	Belgium
country	Idir-e Sofla (Persian: ايديرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Īdīr-e Soflá; also known as Īder, Īder Soflá, Īdīr-e Pā'īn, Igdir, and Īkdīr) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Idir-e Sofla	Iran
country	Concepción de Ataco is a municipality and city within the Ahuachapán Department, El Salvador.	Concepción de Ataco	El Salvador
country	Progress and Left Forces Alliance (Greek: Συμμαχία Προοδευτικών και Αριστερών Δυνάμεων, Symmachia) was a coalition of left-wing parties in Greece.	Progress and Left Forces Alliance	Greece
country	Tobermory Airport, (TC LID: CNR4), is located 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) southeast of Tobermory, Ontario, Canada.	Tobermory Airport	Canada
country	The Imperial Service Club was incorporated within the Royal Automobile Club of Australia (RACA) in 1986, bringing with it a history stretching back to World War I.	Imperial Service Club	Australia
country	Westmount Square is a residential and office complex located in Westmount, Quebec, Canada.	Westmount Square	Canada
country	Lago di Conza is a reservoir in the Campania region of southern Italy.	Lago di Conza	Italy
country	Mambare River is a river in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea, located at 8.05°S 148.0333333°E.	Mambare River	Papua New Guinea
country	The James Mpanza House where his family lived after his death was given a blue plaque to mark his contribution to the history of South Africa.	James Mpanza House	South Africa
country	The Itaimbezinho (Portuguese pronunciation: (itaĩbeˈziɲu or itaĩˌbɛˈziɲu)) is a canyon in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, about 170 km from Porto Alegre, near the border of the state of Santa Catarina.	Itaimbezinho	Brazil
country	The Tonto River is a river of Oaxaca, Mexico that flows from the mountains of Zongolica.	Tonto River	Mexico
country	Narva Reservoir (Estonian: Narva veehoidla, Russian: На́рвское водохрани́лище) is a reservoir by Narva River, shared by Russia and Estonia.	Narva Reservoir	Russia	Estonia
country	Takht-e Ravan-e Sofla (Persian: تختروان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Ravān-e Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Ravan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Saint-Gence (Occitan: Sent Gençan) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Saint-Gence	France
country	The Khumbu Glacier is located in the Khumbu region of northeastern Nepal between Mount Everest and the Lhotse-Nuptse ridge.	Khumbu Glacier	Nepal
country	Kaleo is a small town in the Nadowli district of the Upper West Region of Ghana.	Kaleo	Ghana
country	The Shire of Taringa is a former local government area of Queensland, Australia, located in western Brisbane.	Shire of Taringa	Australia
country	The Kutxa (pronounced (ˈkutʃa); short for Basque: Gipuzkoa Donostia Kutxa ``Savings Bank of Gipuzkoa and San Sebastián'') is a savings bank mainly operating within a regional scope in the Gipuzkoa province of Spain.	Kutxa	Spain
country	The Paraíba do Sul (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʁiu pɐɾɐˈibɐ du ˈsuw)), or simply termed Paraíba, is a river in southeast Brazil.	Paraíba do Sul	Brazil
country	Allo Mahar Sharif is a village and union council of Daska Tehsil, Sialkot District in Punjab, Pakistan.	Allo Mahar	Pakistan
country	Maulbronn (German pronunciation: (maʊ̯lˈbʁɔn)) is a city in the district of Enz in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Maulbronn	Germany
country	Berzelii Park is a small park in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Berzelii Park	Sweden
country	Rutovu is a small town and seat of the Commune of Rutovu in Bururi Province in southern Burundi.	Rutovu	Burundi
country	East Coast Lagoon is a man-made lagoon located at East Coast Park in Singapore.	East Coast Lagoon	Singapore
country	San Lupo is the name of a hill town and comune in the province of Benevento, in the Campania region of southern Italy.	San Lupo	Italy
country	The Liffey Railway Bridge is a rail bridge spanning the River Liffey near Heuston railway station in Dublin in Ireland.	Liffey Railway Bridge	Ireland
country	Surapata or Sura Pata (Aymara sura dry jiquima, a species of Pachyrhizus, pata step, ``sura step'', also spelled Sorapata) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range on the border of Bolivia and Peru.	Surapata	Bolivia	Peru
country	The Socialist Movement for Integration (Albanian: Lëvizja Socialiste për Integrim, LSI) is a social-democratic political party in Albania.	Socialist Movement for Integration	Albania
country	Mushayrib, also spelled Musheireb, is a settlement in Qatar, located in the municipality of Ad Dawhah.	Mushayrib	Qatar
country	Tietgenkollegiet (English: Tietgen Student Hall), named for Danish financier C.F. Tietgen (1829-1891), is a student residence located in the Ørestad district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Tietgenkollegiet	Denmark
country	The Jewish cemetery of Khotyn, Ukraine.	Jewish cemetery of Khotyn	Ukraine
country	The Leitha (German: Leitha; Hungarian: Lajta, Lajtha, formerly Sár(-víz); Czech and Slovak: Litava) is a river in Austria and Hungary, a right tributary of the Danube.	Leitha	Austria	Hungary
country	Seoul Grand Park is a park complex to the south of Seoul, South Korea, in the city of Gwacheon (과천시).	Seoul Grand Park	South Korea
country	Qatlu (Persian: قتلو‎, also Romanized as Qatlū) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qatlu	Iran
country	Skrađani (Serbian Cyrillic: Скрађани) is a village in Serbia.	Skrađani	Serbia
country	The Sarajevo Beltway is a beltway in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sarajevo Beltway	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Syltefjord Chapel (Norwegian: Syltefjord kapell) is a chapel in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Syltefjord Chapel	Norway
country	Puttalam (Sinhalese: පුත්තලම; Tamil: புத்தளம்) is a large town in Puttalam District, North Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Puttalam	Sri Lanka
country	The Allied Joint Force Command Brunssum is a NATO command at Brunssum, the Netherlands.	Allied Joint Force Command Brunssum	Netherlands
country	Tsiteli Khati (Georgian: წითელი ხატი) is a summit of the Kharuli Range in Northern Georgia.	Tsiteli Khati	Georgia
country	In the spring of 1982, Ofira was vacated as the Sinai was returned to Egypt pursuant to the Camp David Accords that led to the Egypt--	Ofira	Egypt
country	The Cliks' major label debut album, Snakehouse was released on April 24, 2007 by Warner Music in Canada and by Tommy Boy Records in the United States.	The Cliks	Canada
country	Culan is a commune in the Cher département in the Centre region of France.	Culan	France
country	Masbate City, officially the City of Masbate (Minasbate: Syudad san Masbate; Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Masbate; Hiligaynon: Dakbanwa sang Masbate; Tagalog: Lungsod ng Masbate), is a fourth class city and capital of the province of Masbate in the Philippines.	Masbate City	Philippines
country	Khomsianeh-ye Musaabad (Persian: خمسيانه موسي اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Khomsīāneh-ye Mūsáābād) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khomsianeh-ye Musaabad	Iran
country	Paeroa is a small town in New Zealand, in the northern Waikato region of the Thames Valley.	Paeroa	New Zealand
country	The first Corregidor Island Lighthouse was a historic lighthouse located on the island of Corregidor, in the province of Cavite, Philippines.	Corregidor Island Lighthouse	Philippines
country	Sępopol (sɛmˈpɔpɔl) (German: Schippenbeil) is a town in Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,025 inhabitants (2004).	Sępopol	Poland
country	Agraciada Beach is a historic beach area in Uruguay.	Agraciada Beach	Uruguay
country	Ivenca (pronounced (ˈiːʋɛntsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Ivenca	Slovenia
country	The Indooroopilly Island Conservation Park is a protected conservation park that is located on an island in the Brisbane River, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Indooroopilly Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Van der Nootska Palace (Swedish: van der Nootska palatset) is a palace located at Sankt Paulsgatan 21 in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden.	Van der Nootska Palace	Sweden
country	New Bight Airport (IATA: TBI, ICAO: MYCB) is an airport in New Bight on Cat Island in The Bahamas.	New Bight Airport	The Bahamas
country	Al-Qudaibiya Palace or Gudaibiya Palace is a palace in Gudaibiya, Manama, Bahrain.	Al-Qudaibiya Palace	Bahrain
country	Gornji Potočari (Serbian Cyrillic: Горњи Поточари) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Potočari	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tsushima Subprefecture (対馬支庁, Tsushima-shichō, 34°12′38``N 129°17′23''E) is an administrative subdivision of Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.	Tsushima Subprefecture	Japan
country	Allahabad-e Charuk (Persian: الله ابادچاروك‎, also Romanized as Allahābād-e Chārūk) is a village in Baghin Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Charuk	Iran
country	Kharagan (Persian: خارگان‎, also Romanized as Khāragān; also known as Khārakān) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kharagan	Iran
country	Gallarate railway station (Italian: Stazione di Gallarate) serves the city and comune of Gallarate, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy.	Gallarate railway station	Italy
country	Miriam Vale is a town and locality in the Gladstone Region, Queensland, Australia.	Miriam Vale	Australia
country	Stonava (Polish: Stonawa , German: Steinau) is a village in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic, on the Stonávka River.	Stonava	Czech Republic
country	Kusel, until 1865 written Cusel, is a town in the Kusel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Kusel	Germany
country	The Hoya of Baza is a valley in the northern part of the province of Granada, Andalusia, Spain.	Hoya of Baza	Spain
country	Ine Airport is a public use airstrip located in the village of Ine on Arno Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Ine Airport	Marshall Islands
country	Berguedà (in Catalan: El Berguedà) is an inland comarca (county) in Catalonia, Spain, lying partly in the Pyrenees and Pre-Pyrenees, and partly in the Catalan Central Depression.	Berguedà	Spain
country	Epulafquén Lake (Spanish pronunciation: (epuˈlafken)) is a lake in Neuquén Province, Patagonian Argentina.	Epulafquén Lake	Argentina
country	Gravia (Greek: Γραβιά) is a village and a former municipality in the northeastern part of Phocis, Greece.	Gravia	Greece
country	The Museum of the Monastery of Preveli is a museum in Preveli of Rethymno, Crete, Greece.	Museum of the Monastery of Preveli	Greece
country	Sućeska (Cyrillic: Сућеска) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sućeska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Chaos de Montpellier-le-Vieux is a 120-hectare (297-acre) blockfield at the southern edge of the Causse Noir, above the Gorges de la Dourbie, north-east of Millau and its famous viaduct, in the commune of La Roque-Sainte-Marguerite, Aveyron, France.	Chaos de Montpellier-le-Vieux	France
country	Beckov Castle (Slovak: Beckovský hrad or Beckov; Hungarian: Beckói vár) is a castle in ruins located near the village of Beckov in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District, Trenčín Region, western Slovakia.	Beckov Castle	Slovakia
country	Seyyed Shahab Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيدشهاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Shahab Rural District	Iran
country	Mount Issa or Djebel Aïssa (Arabic: جبل عيسى‎) is a 2,236 m high mountain in western Algeria.	Mount Issa	Algeria
country	Shahrak-e Yasrab (Persian: شهرك يثرب‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Yas̱rab) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Yasrab	Iran
country	Iksha (Russian: Икша) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Dmitrovsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 45 kilometers (28 mi) north of Moscow along the Dmitrov highway and the Moscow Canal, and is a junction of the Savyolovo Railway.	Iksha	Russia
country	Jelševica (pronounced (ˈjeːu̯ʃɛʋitsa)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Jelševica	Slovenia
country	The university was established in 1964 following the assent of the La Trobe University Act by Victorian Parliament on 9 December of that year, becoming the third university in the state and the twelfth university in Australia.	La Trobe University	Australia
country	Straže (pronounced (stɾaˈʒeː)) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Straže	Slovenia
country	Geli Tabeh (Persian: گلي تابه‎, also Romanized as Gelī Tābeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Geli Tabeh	Iran
country	Juutuanjoki is a river of Finland that flows from the Lake Paatari in the municipality of Inari in Finnish Lapland into the Lake Inari, which in turn flows through the Paatsjoki River towards Russia and into the Barents Sea.	Juutuanjoki	Finland
country	Marienfeld is a large (2.6 km² / 640 acres) grassy field on the reclaimed site of a former open-pit lignite mine about 20 km (12 mi) south-west of Cologne Cathedral in the city of Cologne, Germany, straddling the towns of Frechen and Kerpen.	Marienfeld	Germany
country	Grønnehave station is a railway station serving the northern part of the city of Helsingør, Denmark, as well as the nearby Kronborg Castle, Danish Maritime Museum, Kulturværftet cultural centre and the Øresundsakvariet public aquarium.	Grønnehave station	Denmark
country	Brezovička (German: Hamburg; Hungarian: Hámbor) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Brezovička	Slovakia
country	Tagensvej is a major street in the northwestern part of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Tagensvej	Denmark
country	Peenya Industry is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the Peenya area of Bangalore, India.	Peenya Industry	India
country	As of 2001 India census, Tangla town is divided into 4 wards for which elections are held every 5 years.	Tangla	India
country	Ashab (Persian: اصحاب‎, also Romanized as Aşḩāb) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ashab	Iran
country	San Cipriano (Spanish pronunciation: (san siˈpɾjano)) is a small village located at 200 metres (660 ft) above sea level on the Pacific nearby the port of Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca Department, Colombia.	San Cipriano	Colombia
country	The A410 autoroute is a short motorway in France.	A410 autoroute	France
country	Metro Hidalgo is a station on Line 2 and Line 3 of the Mexico City Metro system.	Metro Hidalgo	Mexico
country	Bedulu, also spelt Bedahulu or Bedaulu, is a historical site in Bali, Indonesia.	Bedulu	Indonesia
country	Lake Van (Turkish: Van Gölü, Armenian: Վանա լիճ, Vana lič̣, Kurdish: Gola Wanê‎) is the largest lake in Turkey, located in the far east of the country in the provinces of Van and Bitlis.	Lake Van	Turkey
country	Qasr-e Molla (Persian: قصرملا‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Mollā) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Molla	Iran
country	Şəmkir is a city in and the capital of Shamkir District in western Azerbaijan, located in the northern foothills of the Lesser Caucasus, on the coast of the Chagirchay River on Tbilisi-Yevlakh highway, about 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from Dallar railway station.	Şəmkir	Azerbaijan
country	The Giardino Bardini is an Italian Renaissance garden in Florence, Italy.	Giardino Bardini	Italy
country	Saja-Besaya Natural Park is a natural park in Cantabria, Spain.	Saja-Besaya Natural Park	Spain
country	Ballarat Bitter is a 4.9% (abv) Australian beer, originally brewed in Ballarat, Australia by the Ballarat Brewing Company.	Ballarat Bitter	Australia
country	Spring Point Airport (IATA: AXP, ICAO: MYAP) is an airport serving Spring Point on Acklins Island in The Bahamas.	Spring Point Airport	The Bahamas
country	Al-Zaafaraniyah (Arabic: الزعفرانية‎, also spelled al-Za'afaranah) is a village in the northern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located north of Homs.	Al-Zaafaraniyah	Syria
country	Kokemäki Castle (Finnish: Kokemäen linna, Swedish: Kumo slott) was a Medieval castle in Kokemäki in the province of Satakunta in Finland.	Kokemäki Castle	Finland
country	Tasermiut Fjord is a 70-kilometre-long fjord in Nanortalik, Greenland.	Tasermiut Fjord	Greenland
country	Fire and Rescue NSW (previously known as New South Wales Fire Brigades), an agency of the Government of New South Wales, Australia, is responsible for firefighting, rescue and hazmat services in the major cities, metropolitan areas and towns across rural and regional New South Wales.	Fire and Rescue NSW	Australia
country	Payapur is a village in the Khammam district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Payapur	India
country	Madlu (Persian: مادلو‎, also Romanized as Mādlū) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Madlu	Iran
country	Smokuč (pronounced (ˈsmɔːkutʃ)) is one of ten villages in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Smokuč	Slovenia
country	Rosochackie (rɔsɔˈxat͡skʲɛ) (German: Rosochatzken, from 1927-1945 Albrechtsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rosochackie	Poland
country	Kharagauli (Georgian: ხარაგაული) is an administrative center of Kharagauli district in Georgia.	Kharagauli	Georgia
country	Mehradaran (Persian: مهرادران‎, also Romanized as Mehrādarān and Mehrāderān; also known as Mehr Āvarān and Mehrdarān) is a village in Baharestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mehradaran	Iran
country	PATTS College of Aeronautics, also known as Philippine Air Transport and Training Services, is an aeronautical school at Lombos Ave., San Isidro, Parañaque City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	PATTS College of Aeronautics	Philippines
country	German submarine U-3505 was a Type XXI submarine of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 9 July 1944 at the Schichau-Werke yard at Danzig, launched on 25 August 1944, and commissioned on 7 October 1944 under the command of Oberleutnant zur See Horst Willner.	German submarine U-3505	Nazi Germany
country	Ulstrup Castle is a manor house located at the small town of Ulstrup, 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Randers, in western Denmark.	Ulstrup Castle	Denmark
country	The Uniklinikum Aachen, full German name Universitätsklinikum Aachen (``University Hospital Aachen'', abbreviated UKA), formerly known as Neues Klinikum (``New Clinic''), is the university hospital of the city of Aachen, Germany.	Uniklinikum Aachen	Germany
country	Boca Samí is a village on the island of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles.	Boca Samí	Curaçao
country	Radzanowo (rad͡zaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radzanowo	Poland
country	Isca Marina is a locality which forms part of the commune of Isca sullo Ionio in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Isca Marina	Italy
country	Ostad Ali Akbar (Persian: استادعلي اكبر‎, also Romanized as Ostād ``Alī Akbar) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Ostad Ali Akbar	Iran
country	Niuatui is an islet on the north-east of Nukufetau atoll, Tuvalu.	Niuatui	Tuvalu
country	The Route of the Monasteries of Valencia (GR-236) is a religious and cultural route that connects five monasteries located in central region of the Province of Valencia, (Valencian Community), in Spain.	Route of the Monasteries of Valencia	Spain
country	Rimouski Airport, (IATA: YXK, ICAO: CYXK), is an airport located 1.8 nautical miles (3.3 km; 2.1 mi) northeast of Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.	Rimouski Airport	Canada
country	Bilici Qorqan (also, Bilici-Qorğan) is a village in the municipality of Qorqan in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bilici Qorqan	Azerbaijan
country	Kofinas or Kophinas (Greek: Κόφινας) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Kofinas	Greece
country	The Schnaittach Valley Railway (German: Schnaittachtalbahn) is a single-tracked, branch line in the Bavarian province of Middle Franconia in southern Germany.	Schnaittach Valley Railway	Germany
country	Szczepanowo (ʂt͡ʂɛpaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szczepanowo	Poland
country	Hispano Aviación was established when a Hispano-Suiza car and aircraft parts factory complex in southern Spain was taken over by Franco led ``Nationalist'' forces in 1939, during the Spanish Civil War.	Hispano Aviación	Spain
country	Ghazanfari Khan Ahmad-e Sofla (Persian: غضنفري خان احمدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ghaẕanfarī Khān Aḩmad-e Soflá; also known as Ghaẕanfarī) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ghazanfari Khan Ahmad-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Society for Underwater Historical Research (SUHR) was an amateur maritime archaeology organisation operating in South Australia (SA).	Society for Underwater Historical Research	Australia
country	The Château de Maintenon is a château, developed from the original castle, situated in the commune of Maintenon in the Eure-et-Loir département of France.	Château de Maintenon	France
country	Koilada (Greek: Κοιλάδα) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Koilada	Greece
country	Omanaia is a settlement in the Hokianga area of Northland, New Zealand.	Omanaia	New Zealand
country	Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat (abbreviated as KTP) is a Finnish football club based in Kotka, Finland, and currently competing in Finland's second league, Ykkönen.	Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat	Finland
country	Mirjaveh County (Persian: شهرستان میرجاوه‎) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran.	Mirjaveh County	Iran
country	Padgook (Persian: پدگوک ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Padgook	Iran
country	The Glover Playgrounds are three playgrounds in the Adelaide Park Lands in Adelaide, South Australia.	Glover Playgrounds	Australia
country	The New Altstadt Church (German: Neue Altstädtische Kirche), also known simply as Altstadt Church, was a Protestant church in the Altstadt quarter of Königsberg, Germany.	New Altstadt Church	Germany
country	Velyki Birky (Ukrainian: Великі Бірки) is an urban-type settlement in Ternopil Raion, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Velyki Birky	Ukraine
country	Mazraeh-ye Nasrabad (Persian: مزرعه ناصراباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Nāşrābād) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 217, in 41 families.	Mazraeh-ye Nasrabad	Iran
country	The Meander Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the Upper Meander River, located in northern Tasmania, Australia.	Meander Dam	Australia
country	Khuznin (Persian: خوزنين‎, also Romanized as Khūznīn) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khuznin	Iran
country	Borshchiv (Ukrainian: Борщів, Russian: Борщёв, Polish: Borszczów) is a city in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Borshchiv	Ukraine
country	Cégep de Matane is a francophone CEGEP pre-university and technical college located at 616 Saint-Rédempteur in Matane, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Matane	Canada
country	The Velorama (Dutch: Nationaal fietsmuseum Velorama) is the only bicycle museum in the Netherlands.	Velorama	Netherlands
country	Gachin-e Pain (Persian: گچين پايين‎, also Romanized as Gachīn-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gachin-e Pain	Iran
country	Brzeżawa (bʐɛˈʐava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bircza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Brzeżawa	Poland
country	The Monts du Lyonnais are a range of low-altitude mountains and eastern foothills of the Massif Central located in the Loire and Rhône departments in France.	Monts du Lyonnais	France
country	Gravedona was a comune of Como Province, Italy.	Gravedona	Italy
country	Sydney Speleological Society (SSS) is a caving group based in Sydney, Australia.	Sydney Speleological Society	Australia
country	Clarendon Tower was a high rise building on Worcester Street at Oxford Terrace in the Christchurch Central City, New Zealand.	Clarendon Tower	New Zealand
country	Rijnwaarden ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the eastern Netherlands.	Rijnwaarden	Netherlands
country	Seregno railway station is the railway station of the city of Seregno, in Italy.	Seregno railway station	Italy
country	Moyne Aerodrome is an aerodrome situated north east of Thurles, County Tipperary in Ireland.	Moyne Aerodrome	Ireland
country	Kocherinovo (Bulgarian: Кочериново, pronounced (kutʃɛˈrinuvu)) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province.	Kocherinovo	Bulgaria
country	Qizlar (Persian: قيزلر‎, also Romanized as Qīzlar and Qezlar) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qizlar	Iran
country	The Campbell Shopping Complex fire was a major disaster in Malaysia which took place on 8 April 1976 at Jalan Campbell (now Jalan Dang Wangi), Kuala Lumpur.	Campbell Shopping Complex fire	Malaysia
country	Asian Highway 84 (AH84) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1074 km (667 miles) from Doğubeyazıt to Mersin, Turkey.	AH84	Turkey
country	Bongolava is a region in central-western Madagascar.	Bongolava	Madagascar
country	Enewetak Auxiliary Airfield is a private airport at Enewetak on Enewetak Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Enewetak Auxiliary Airfield	Marshall Islands
country	Ontario Lacrosse Association (OLA) is a sanctioning sports body in Ontario, Canada.	Ontario Lacrosse Association	Canada
country	Charlottetown City Hall is the seat of City Council in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Charlottetown City Hall	Canada
country	Loznani (Macedonian: Лознани) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia.	Loznani	Macedonia
country	Vestmannaeyjar (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈvɛstmanːaˌeiːjar), sometimes anglicized as Westman Islands) is a town and archipelago off the south coast of Iceland.	Vestmannaeyjar	Iceland
country	Nes Ammim (Hebrew: נֵס עַמִּים, lit. Banner of the Nations) is a Christian community in the northern district of Israel.	Nes Ammim	Israel
country	Kalkudah or Kalkuda (Pronounced Kal-Kuda, Tamil translation rock-bay) is a coastal resort town located about 35 kilometers northwest of Batticaloa, Batticaloa District, Sri Lanka.	Kalkudah	Sri Lanka
country	The Aboriginal Children's Advancement Society, (ACAS), is an organisation in New South Wales, Australia that aims to achieve aboriginal reconciliation by improving the education of aboriginal children.	Aboriginal Children's Advancement Society	Australia
country	Abel Cathrines Stiftelse is a listed building in Abel Cathrines Gade between Vesterbrogade and Istedgade in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Abel Cathrines Stiftelse	Denmark
country	Museum of Slavonia (Croatian: Muzej Slavonije) is the largest general-type museum in Croatia.	Museum of Slavonia	Croatia
country	Tøyen is a residential area in the central parts of Oslo, Norway, part of the borough of Gamle Oslo.	Tøyen	Norway
country	Dashtigul (Persian: دشت گل ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Dashtigul	Tajikistan
country	Wiskitki (visˈkitki) is a village in Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wiskitki	Poland
country	The HUD-1 Settlement Statement is a standard form in use in the United States of America which is used to itemize services and fees charged to the borrower by the lender or broker when applying for a loan for the purpose of purchasing or refinancing real estate.	HUD-1 Settlement Statement	United States of America
country	Bad Wildbad is a town in Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.	Bad Wildbad	Germany
country	Abbas Jub (Persian: عباس جوب‎, also Romanized as ``Abbās Jūb) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 112 families.	Abbas Jub	Iran
country	Brantford is a city in southwestern Ontario, Canada, founded on the Grand River.	Brantford	Canada
country	Oderzo (Latin: Opitergium) is a town and comune in the province of Treviso, Veneto, northern Italy.	Oderzo	Italy
country	The Mt William North Mining Project is a proposed coal mine planned for the West Coast Region of New Zealand.	Mt William North Mining Project	New Zealand
country	Lungotevere Raffaello Sanzio is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Ponte Sisto to Ponte Garibaldi in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Trastevere.	Lungotevere Raffaello Sanzio	Italy
country	Analytik Jena AG, based in Jena (Thuringia, Germany), is a provider of analytical, bioanalytical and optical systems for industrial and scientific applications.	Analytik Jena	Germany
country	Bongor Airport (IATA: OGR, ICAO: FTTB) is an airport serving the city of Bongor, in the Mayo-Kebbi Est Region of Chad.	Bongor Airport	Chad
country	Rungis (French pronunciation: ​(ʁœ̃ʒis)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France, in the département of Val-de-Marne.	Rungis	France
country	Federation of Swiss Private Schools (SFPS) (in German: Verband Schweizer Privatschulen ``VSP'' ), has national influence and is recognized internationally by the representative organisation of quality private Schools and Universities in Switzerland.	Federation of Swiss Private Schools	Switzerland
country	Farewell Harbour is a harbour and landing in the area of Johnstone Strait of the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located between Swanson, Crease and Harbledown Islands.	Farewell Harbour	Canada
country	Arenillas Ecological Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Ecológica Arenillas) is a 17,083-hectare (42,210-acre) protected area in Ecuador situated in the El Oro Province, in the Arenillas Canton and in the Huaquillas Canton.	Arenillas Ecological Reserve	Ecuador
country	Khan Qeshlaqi (Persian: خانقشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Khān Qeshlāqī; also known as Qā’emābād) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khan Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Sarab-e Kam (Persian: سرابكام‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Kām and Sarābekām) is a village in Shahu Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Kam	Iran
country	Romany-Janowięta (rɔˈmanɨ janɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Romany-Janowięta	Poland
country	The President of the Spanish Senate (Spanish: Presidente del Senado de España) is the presiding officer of the Spanish Senate, the upper house of Spain's Cortes Generales.	President of the Spanish Senate	Spain
country	Shani Glacier is a glacier in the north of Shani Peak (5,887 m (19,314 ft)) in Naltar Valley, Pakistan.	Shani Glacier	Pakistan
country	Mansur Khvajeh (Persian: منصورخواجه‎, also Romanized as Manşūr Khvājeh; also known as Mansoor Khajeh) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mansur Khvajeh	Iran
country	Partizak (Armenian: Պարտիզակ - meaning ``garden''; formerly, Bakhchajur), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Partizak	Armenia
country	Solvalla Stockholm is temporary motorsport race track in Sweden.	Solvalla Stockholm	Sweden
country	Tressignaux (Breton: Tresigne, Latin: Trisignala) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the Brittany region in northwestern France.	Tressignaux	France
country	Lê Hồng Phong High School for the Gifted (Vietnamese: Trường Phổ Thông Trung Học Chuyên Lê Hồng Phong; formerly known as Petrus Ký High School) is a highly selective high school in Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam.	Lê Hồng Phong High School	Vietnam
country	Emån is a stream in southern Sweden, rising just north of Bodafors in the highlands of Småland and running approximately 220 kilometers to the Baltic Sea just south of Oskarshamn.	Emån	Sweden
country	The Esteve Pharmacy (Catalan: Farmàcia Esteve, IPA: (fərˈmasiə əsˈteβə)) is a medieval pharmacy and museum located in the town of Llívia, in the comarca of Cerdanya, Catalonia, Spain.	Esteve Pharmacy	Spain
country	Lindås Church (Norwegian: Lindås kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Lindås Church	Norway
country	The Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier took place on July 28, 1488, between the forces of king Charles VIII of France, and those of Francis II, Duke of Brittany and his allies.	Battle of Saint-Aubin-du-Cormier	France
country	Il Vulcano Buono (Italian: The Good Volcano) is a shopping mall and leisure center located in Nola, near the hamlet Polvica, Italy.	Vulcano Buono	Italy
country	Gręzino (ɡrɛ̃ˈʑinɔ) (formerly German Granzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gręzino	Poland
country	Krivogaštani Municipality (Macedonian: Кривогаштани ) is a municipality in western Republic of Macedonia.	Krivogaštani Municipality	Macedonia
country	Nowe Worowo (ˈnɔvɛ vɔˈrɔvɔ) (formerly German Neu Wuhrow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowe Worowo	Poland
country	The Aniene (pronounced (aˈnjɛːne); Latin: Anio), formerly known as the Teverone, is a 99-kilometer (62 mi) river in Lazio, Italy.	Aniene	Italy
country	The Montmorency River is a river in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec, Canada.	Montmorency River	Canada
country	Le Bourget (pronounced: (lə buʁˈʒɛ)) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Le Bourget	France
country	Reshetylivka (Ukrainian: Решетилівка, Russian: Решетиловка) is a town in Reshetylivka Raion (district), Poltava Oblast (province) of central Ukraine.	Reshetylivka	Ukraine
country	Château Lagrange is a winery in the Saint-Julien appellation of the Bordeaux region of France, and is also the name of the red wine produced by this property.	Château Lagrange	France
country	Palazzo dei Cartelloni, also known as Palazzo Viviani, is a Baroque-style palace in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Palazzo dei Cartelloni	Italy
country	The Marina Coastal Expressway (Abbreviation: MCE) is the tenth of Singapore's network of expressways.	Marina Coastal Expressway	Singapore
country	The Hålogaland Court of Appeal (Norwegian: Hålogaland lagmannsrett) is one of six courts of appeal in the Kingdom of Norway.	Hålogaland Court of Appeal	Norway
country	Graylingwell Hospital (formerly The West Sussex County Lunatic Asylum) was a psychiatric hospital in Chichester, West Sussex, United Kingdom.	Graylingwell Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Moravian Library (Czech: Moravská zemská knihovna) is the second biggest library in the Czech Republic.	Moravian Library	Czech Republic
country	The J.C.J. van Speijk Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the North Sea coast near Egmond aan Zee, in the municipality of Bergen, North Holland, in the Netherlands.	J.C.J. van Speijk Lighthouse	Netherlands
country	The Bhote Koshi Power Plant (also known as Upper Bhote Koshi Project) is a run-of-the-river power plant in Sindhulpalchok District, Nepal.	Bhote Koshi Power Plant	Nepal
country	Nyamozero (Russian: Нямозеро) is the rural locality (a Station) in Kandalakshskiy District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Nyamozero	Russia
country	Leman University Geneva (LUG) is a private university founded in Geneva, Switzerland.	Leman University Geneva	Switzerland
country	6PR, known as 882 6PR, is a commercial radio station based in Perth, Australia.	6PR	Australia
country	Sobieraj (sɔˈbjɛrai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Sobieraj	Poland
country	Večići is a village in the Kotor Varoš municipality of the Republika Srpska region in northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Večići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Freiman Mall is an enclosed arcade between Rideau and George Streets in Downtown Ottawa, Canada, east of Sussex Drive and west of William Street.	Freiman Mall	Canada
country	Palisadoes (word apparently of Portuguese origin) is the thin tombolo of sand that serves as a natural protection for Kingston Harbour, Jamaica.	Palisadoes	Jamaica
country	Analalava is a coastal town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in north-western Madagascar over the Mozambique Channel.	Analalava	Madagascar
country	Molaly (Kazakh: Молалы) is a village in Almaty Region, in southeastern Kazakhstan.	Molaly	Kazakhstan
country	Sabine Channel Provincial Park, also known as Sabine Channel Marine Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, in the waters surrounding Jervis Island in Sabine Channel, which separates Texada Island (N) from Lasqueti Island (S).	Sabine Channel Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Castle da Rocha Forte is a ruined fort near Santiago de Compostela, in Galicia, Spain.	Castle da Rocha Forte	Spain
country	The First National Government (Spanish: Primer gobierno patrio) is a public holiday of Argentina, commemorating the May Revolution and the creation on May 25, 1810 of the Primera Junta, which is considered the first patriotic government of Argentina.	First National Government	Argentina
country	Aliabad-e Qarah Chay (Persian: علي ابادقره چاي‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Qarah Chāy) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 16 families.	Aliabad-e Qarah Chay	Iran
country	The Katoomba to Mittagong Trail is a long-distance walking trail of 132km that starts in the Blue Mountains at Katoomba (New South Wales, Australia) and finishes at Mittagong in the Southern Highlands.	Katoomba to Mittagong Trail	Australia
country	Guiding County(simplified Chinese: 贵定县; traditional Chinese: 貴定縣; pinyin: Guìdìng Xiàn) is a county of south-central Guizhou, People's Republic of China.	Guiding County	People's Republic of China
country	Hjørring station (Danish: Hjørring Banegård) is the main railway station serving the town of Hjørring, Denmark.	Hjørring station	Denmark
country	Chenevrey-et-Morogne is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.	Chenevrey-et-Morogne	France
country	Marijampolė ( pronunciation ; also known by several other names) is an industrial city and the capital of the Marijampolė County in the south of Lithuania, bordering Poland and Russian Kaliningrad oblast, and Lake Vištytis.	Marijampolė	Lithuania
country	Jaworzyna Śląska (javɔˈʐɨna ˈɕlɔ̃ska) (German: Königszelt, Latin: Sycomoria Silesiana ) is a town in Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jaworzyna Śląska	Poland
country	Senez Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame-de-l'Assomption de Senez) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral, and national monument of France, in Senez.	Senez Cathedral	France
country	The Ilz (German pronunciation: (ˈɪlt͡s)) is a river running through the Bavarian Forest, Germany.	Ilz	Germany
country	Białogorce (bjawɔˈɡɔrt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Białogorce	Poland
country	The Theodosius Cistern (Greek: Κινστέρνα Θεοδοσίου, Turkish: Şerefiye Sarnıcı) is one of many ancient cisterns of Constantinople that lie beneath the city of Istanbul, Turkey.	Theodosius Cistern	Turkey
country	Sidi Ouriache is a commune in Aïn Témouchent Province, north-western Algeria.	Sidi Ouriache	Algeria
country	Beit Yehoshua Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת בית יהושע‎, Taḥanat HaRakevet Beit Yehoshua) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in Beit Yehoshua and serves the village and the southern part of the city of Netanya, with its large industrial zones, as well as other small communities in the area.	Beit Yehoshua Railway Station	Israel
country	Dazzeland was a two-storey indoor amusement park occupying the top levels of the REMM Myer Centre in Rundle Mall, a major shopping mall in Adelaide, Australia.	Dazzeland	Australia
country	Buccino is a town and comune in Campania in Italy, in the province of Salerno, located about 700 m above sea level.	Buccino	Italy
country	The Caledon Canadians are a defunct Junior ``A'' ice hockey team from Caledon, Ontario, Canada.	Caledon Canadians	Canada
country	The Alexander von Humboldt National Forest is a national forest of Peru.	Alexander von Humboldt National Forest	Peru
country	Hasushiri (Persian: حسوشيري‎, also Romanized as Ḩasūshīrī) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasushiri	Iran
country	Bắc Ninh ( listen) is a city in the northern part of Vietnam and is the capital of Bắc Ninh Province.	Bắc Ninh	Vietnam
country	The Arboretum de Neuville-de-Poitou is a municipal arboretum located in Neuville-de-Poitou, Vienne, Poitou-Charentes, France.	Arboretum de Neuville-de-Poitou	France
country	Meydan Khalaf (Persian: ميدان خلف‎, also Romanized as Meydān Khalaf; also known as Meydān Ghalaf) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Meydan Khalaf	Iran
country	GEPetrol is the national oil company of the Equatorial Guinea.	GEPetrol	Equatorial Guinea
country	SOHAR Port and Freezone is a deep-sea port and adjacent free zone in the Middle East, located in Sohar, Oman, around 200 kilometres northwest of the capital Muscat.	SOHAR Port and Freezone	Oman
country	Vasudhara Falls is a waterfall situated near Badrinath, in Uttarakhand, India.	Vasudhara Falls	India
country	Chambéry Airport or Chambéry-Savoie Airport (French: Aéroport de Chambéry-Savoie) (IATA: CMF, ICAO: LFLB), also known as Chambéry Aix-les-Bains Airport, is a small international airport near Chambéry, a commune in Savoie, France.	Chambéry Airport	France
country	Apart from being an ancient suzerainty, Moirang today, is all the more akin to India's political history.	Moirang	India
country	Long Caye is a privately owned island 40 miles (64 km) off the coast of Belize.	Long Caye	Belize
country	Brindabella National Park is an 18,454 hectares (45,600 acres) national park in New South Wales, Australia, that is located approximately 267 kilometres (166 mi) southwest of Sydney central business district in the Brindabella Range.	Brindabella National Park	Australia
country	The Pearse Peninsula is a peninsula on the southwest end of Broughton Island in the Broughton Archipelago of the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Pearse Peninsula	Canada
country	Aigne (Occitan: Anha) is a French commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of southern France.	Aigne	France
country	Jølstravatnet or Jølstravatn is a lake in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Jølstravatn	Norway
country	The Darpana Academy of Performing Arts was founded in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India by Vikram Sarabhai and his wife Mrinalini Sarabhai.	Darpana Academy of Performing Arts	India
country	Otahuhu College is a secondary school in Auckland, New Zealand for students years 9 to 13.	Otahuhu College	New Zealand
country	Pangkalan Bun or Pangkalanbuun is a city (population: around 200,000) in Central Kalimantan (Kalimantan Tengah) province on Borneo in Indonesia.	Pangkalan Bun	Indonesia
country	The Coudehard-Montormel Memorial (mémorial de Coudehard-Montormel or mémorial de Montormel) is a historical museum on mont Ormel in France, dedicated to the battle of the Falaise pocket, the last episode in the battle of Normandy.	Coudehard-Montormel Memorial	France
country	Bushkan Water Station (Persian: ايستگاه ابرساني بوشكان‎ -- Īstgāh Ābrsānī-ye Būshkān) is a village and company town in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bushkan Water Station	Iran
country	Persiaran Tujuan is a main road in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Persiaran Tujuan	Malaysia
country	The Kaeng Krachan Dam (Thai: เขื่อนแก่งกระจาน) is a multi-purpose hydroelectric dam in the Kaeng Krachan District of Phetchaburi Province, Thailand.	Kaeng Krachan Dam	Thailand
country	The AeroVolga LA-8 is an 8-seat amphibious aircraft designed and built in Russia.	AeroVolga LA-8	Russia
country	The Khashm el-Girba Dam is a gravity and embankment composite dam on the Atbarah River about 4 km (2 mi) south of Khashm El Girba in Eastern Sudan.	Khashm el-Girba Dam	Sudan
country	Lilleaker is a neighbourhood and industrial site in Ullern, Oslo, Norway.	Lilleaker	Norway
country	Arly Airport (IATA: ARL, ICAO: DFER) is a public use airport located near Arli National Park or Arly, Tapoa Province, Burkina Faso.	Arly Airport	Burkina Faso
country	Ort Itzhak Rabin (sometimes referred to as Ort Gan Yavne) is a pluralistic high school and junior high school in Gan Yavne, Israel.	Ort Itzhak Rabin	Israel
country	Tubli Bay (Arabic: خليج توبلي‎) (also known as the Gulf of Tubli) is a bay in the east of Bahrain, between Bahrain Island and Sitra island.	Tubli Bay	Bahrain
country	Janowiec-Wieś (jaˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Janowiec-Wieś	Poland
country	Börzsöny (Slovak: Novohradské hory, New City Mountains) is a mountain range in Northern Hungary.	Börzsöny	Hungary
country	Kobylaki-Wólka (kɔbɨˈlaki ˈvulka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobylaki-Wólka	Poland
country	Ain Zaatout (Arabic: عين زعطوط‎) is the administrative name of a mountainous village in north east Algeria, called Ah Frah in the local Shawi dialect, and Beni Farah (sometimes spelled Beni Ferah) (Arabic: بني فرح‎) in Arabic.	Ain Zaatout	Algeria
country	Einsiedeln Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Einsiedeln in the Canton of Schwyz, Switzerland.	Einsiedeln Abbey	Switzerland
country	Jelsa Church (Norwegian: Jelsa kyrkje) is a parish church in Suldal municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Jelsa Church	Norway
country	Ahak Chal (Persian: اهك چال‎, also Romanized as Āhak Chāl) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ahak Chal	Iran
country	Occidental Mindoro (Tagalog: Kanlurang Mindoro, Spanish: Mindoro Occidental) is a province in the Philippines located in the MIMAROPA region in Luzon.	Occidental Mindoro	Philippines
country	The 1946 Vancouver Island earthquake occurred with a moment magnitude of 7.3 that struck Vancouver Island, on the Coast of British Columbia, Canada, at 10:15 a.m. on Sunday, June 23.	1946 Vancouver Island earthquake	Canada
country	The Botanischer Sondergarten Wandsbek (1.5 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located in the Eichtalpark, Wandsbek, at Walddörferstraße 273, Hamburg, Germany.	Botanischer Sondergarten Wandsbek	Germany
country	Papari (Cyrillic: Папари) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Papari	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pori Jazz is a large international jazz festival, held annually during the month of July in the coastal city of Pori (a population of 82,809 in January 2010), Finland.	Pori Jazz	Finland
country	Alto de la Sierra is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province within the Rivadavia department in northwestern Argentina.	Alto de la Sierra	Argentina
country	Alatona is a locality in the Cercle of Niono in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Alatona	Mali
country	Marie Curtis Park is a public park in Toronto and Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Marie Curtis Park	Canada
country	Bukit Daun (English: Daun Hill, means: Leaves Hill) is a stratovolcano, located in a sparsely populated region in Sumatra, Indonesia.	Bukit Daun	Indonesia
country	Castellaneta is a city and comune in the province of Taranto, in the Apulia region of Southern Italy, about 40 km (25 mi) from Taranto.	Castellaneta	Italy
country	Thrikkakara Temple is one of the few temples in India dedicated to Lord Vamana.	Thrikkakara Temple	India
country	The Commerzbank-Arena (German pronunciation: (koˈmɛʁt͡sbaŋk ʔaˈʁeːnaː), sometimes (kɔˈmɛʁt͡s-)) is a sports stadium in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany.	Commerzbank-Arena	Germany
country	Benguerra Island in Mozambique is the second largest island in the Bazaruto Archipelago, which broke away from the mainland thousands of years ago.	Benguerra Island	Mozambique
country	The Rotonda della Besana (also known as Rotonda di Via Besana or Complesso di San Michele ai Nuovi Sepolcri, and originally as Foppone della Ca' Granda) is a late baroque building complex and former cemetery in Milan, Italy, built between 1695 and 1732 and located close to the city center.	Rotonda della Besana	Italy
country	Kaseman Kola (Persian: كاسمان كلا‎, also Romanized as Kāsemān Kolā; also known as Kāsebān Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kaseman Kola	Iran
country	Berhet (Breton: Berc'hed) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Berhet	France
country	Kolonia Malennik (kɔˈlɔɲa maˈlɛnnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Malennik	Poland
country	St George's, Bloomsbury, is a parish church in Bloomsbury, London Borough of Camden, United Kingdom.	St George's, Bloomsbury	United Kingdom
country	Barrundia is a valley and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Autonomous Community, northern Spain.	Barrundia	Spain
country	Earl of Cromer is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, held by members of the Baring family, of German descent.	Earl of Cromer	United Kingdom
country	The Uauaris River is a river which runs within the Roraima state in northern Brazil.	Uauaris River	Brazil
country	Lacedonia is a comune of 3,010 people in the province of Avellino, Italy, overlooking the Osento River, which flows into the Lago di San Pietro (Lake of Saint Peter), an artificial lake.	Lacedonia	Italy
country	Caulfield Racecourse is one of Melbourne, Australia's best-known horse-racing tracks.	Caulfield Racecourse	Australia
country	Adamova Manor (Latvian: Adamovas muižas pils) is a manor house built in 1851 in the historical region of Latgale, in Latvia.	Adamova Manor	Latvia
country	Gudhem Abbey, Swedish Gudhems kloster, in operation from 1152 to 1529, was a nunnery in Sweden, initially Benedictine and later Cistercian.	Gudhem Abbey	Sweden
country	The Board of Internal Economy (French: Bureau de régie interne) is the body that governs the administrative and financial policies of the House of Commons of Canada.	Board of Internal Economy	Canada
country	Walferdange Castle (French: Château de Walferdange), located in the small town of Walferdange in central Luxembourg, dates from 1824 when William I of the Netherlands who was also Grand Duke of Luxembourg built it as a stud farm.	Walferdange Castle	Luxembourg
country	Petoro is a company that is wholly owned by the Government of Norway.	Petoro	Norway
country	Prilepnica (in Serbian; Прилепница) or Përlepnica (in Albanian) is a village in the Kosovo Pomoravlje region of eastern Kosovo.	Prilepnica	Kosovo
country	Tunjiška Mlaka (pronounced ('tuːnjiʃka ˈmlaːka)) is a dispersed settlement next to Tunjice in the Tunjice Hills (Slovene: Tunjiško gričevje) west of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Tunjiška Mlaka	Slovenia
country	Şuşulu (also, Şüşiilü, Şüşülü, and Shushulu) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şuşulu	Azerbaijan
country	Circuit du Val de Vienne is a 3.768 km (2.341 mi) motor racing circuit located in Le Vigeant, France.	Circuit du Val de Vienne	France
country	Montes Claros de Goiás is a municipality in western Goiás state, Brazil	Montes Claros de Goiás	Brazil
country	Konergino (Russian: Конергино; Chukchi: Кэийергын) is a village (selo) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Konergino	Russia
country	Cairo (/ˈkaɪroʊ/ KYE-roh; Arabic: القاهرة‎, al-Qāhirah) is the capital and largest city of Egypt.	Cairo	Egypt
country	Snop (Bulgarian: Сноп) is a small village near General Toshevo, Dobrich, Bulgaria.	Snop	Bulgaria
country	Sand Point Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CJD6) is located on Sand Point Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Sand Point Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Sæby is a town and seaport located on the east coast of the historical region of Vendsyssel in the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark.	Sæby	Denmark
country	Achern (German pronunciation: (ˈaxɐn)) is a city in Western Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Achern	Germany
country	Türi (German: Turgel) is a town in Järva County, Estonia.	Türi	Estonia
country	Hizaj (Persian: هيزج‎, also Romanized as Hīzaj and Ḩayzaj; also known as Hīzzach) is a village in Jeyhun Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hizaj	Iran
country	Bolærne is an archipelago in the outer part of Oslofjord, in the municipality Nøtterøy in Vestfold, Norway.	Bolærne	Norway
country	Silvaneh District (Persian: بخش سیلوانه‎) is one of the five districts (bakhsh) in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Silvaneh District	Iran
country	Molowghan (Persian: ملوغان‎, also Romanized as Molowghān and Molowqān; also known as Hashta Khān, Hashtoogan, and Hashtūgān) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Molowghan	Iran
country	Carmichael Road is an upmarket residential street of Mumbai, India.	Carmichael Road	India
country	Federación Deportiva Obrera (Workers Sport Federation, FDO) was a sporting organisation in Argentina, made up by more than 60 football clubs.	Federación Deportiva Obrera	Argentina
country	Budhasing is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Budhasing	Nepal
country	Shahr-e Pir (Persian: شهرپير‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Pīr and Shahr Pīr) is a city in and the capital of Izadkhvast District, in Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Pir	Iran
country	Silesian Museum (Polish: Muzeum Śląskie) is a museum in the city of Katowice, Poland.	Silesian Museum	Poland
country	Sepiddasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان سپيددشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sepiddasht Rural District	Iran
country	Suosjavrre Chapel (Norwegian: Suosjavrre kapell) is a chapel in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Suosjavrre Chapel	Norway
country	The Canton of Troyes-2 is a canton of the Aube department, in northern France.	Canton of Troyes-2	France
country	Vlkolínec, Slovakia, is a picturesque village under the administration of the town of Ružomberok.	Vlkolínec	Slovakia
country	Urasar (Armenian: Ուրասար) is a town in Armenia's Lori Province.	Urasar	Armenia
country	Maly Chembar River (Russian: Малый Чембар) is a river of Penza Oblast, Russia.	Maly Chembar River	Russia
country	Silver Creek Airport (IATA: SVK) is a public use airport located in the Stann Creek District, Belize.	Silver Creek Airport	Belize
country	S. Haijang village was established in the Churachandpur District of Manipur, India in 1991.	S. Haijang	India
country	Parya Chaka (Quechua parya reddish, copper or sparrow, chaka bridge, ``reddish (copper or sparrow) bridge'', hispanicized spelling Pariachaca) is a mountain in the south of the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 m (16,404 ft) high.	Parya Chaka	Peru
country	Grey Lake is a glacially fed lake in Torres del Paine National Park, southern Chile.	Grey Lake	Chile
country	The Lübbecke Loessland (German: Lübbecker Lößland) is a natural region that is mainly situated in northeastern North Rhine-Westphalia but with a small area also lying in the western part of Lower Saxony in Germany.	Lübbecke Loessland	Germany
country	Värmlandstrafik AB is the public transport authority for Värmland, Sweden.	Värmlandstrafik	Sweden
country	The Royal Danish Playhouse (Danish: Skuespilhuset) is a theatre building for the Royal Danish Theatre, situated on the harbour front in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Royal Danish Playhouse	Denmark
country	Kolonia-Łazy (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈwazɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia-Łazy	Poland
country	Skala Oropou (Greek: Σκάλα Ωρωπού) is a community in East Attica, Greece, on the South Gulf of Euboea, due north of Athens.	Skala Oropou	Greece
country	Sibuguey Bay is a large bay of the Moro Gulf, situated off the southwestern coast of Mindanao Island in the Philippines.	Sibuguey Bay	Philippines
country	Trefann Court is a small neighbourhood in the eastern part of downtown Toronto, Canada.	Trefann Court	Canada
country	Pibari is a village in Türi Parish, Järva County in central Estonia.	Pibari	Estonia
country	The Autovía A-23 is a motorway in Aragon, Spain.	Autovía A-23	Spain
country	Landal is one of twelve civil parishes (freguesias) in the municipality of Caldas da Rainha, Portugal.	Landal	Portugal
country	Kiselyovsk (Russian: Киселёвск) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located in the foothill belt of the Salair Ridge, at the source of the Aba River, 193 kilometers (120 mi) south of Kemerovo.	Kiselyovsk	Russia
country	Phansad Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife refuge in the Murud and Roha talukas of Raigad district, Maharashtra state, India.	Phansad Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	The Asmara President's Office is the building, in Italian neoclassical style, where the President of Eritrea lives and rules the country.	Asmara President's Office	Eritrea
country	Artiža Vas (pronounced (aɾˈtiːʒa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Artiža vas) is a small village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Artiža Vas	Slovenia
country	Buchanan's Hotel (nicknamed ``Buchs'') was a hotel on Sturt Street in the Townsville CBD, Australia.	Buchanan's Hotel	Australia
country	The Simon Fraser University Pipe Band is a grade one pipe band affiliated with Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	Simon Fraser University Pipe Band	Canada
country	Formigal, officially Aramón Formigal, is a ski resort in the Aragon Pyrenees of northeastern Spain, near the town of Sallent de Gallego in the upper Tena Valley in the province of Huesca.	Formigal	Spain
country	Tivoli World is an amusement park located in Benalmádena, Málaga, Spain, where the popular Spanish singer, Maria Isabel, performs regularly, with tickets selling for about 8 euros.	Tivoli World	Spain
country	National Cycle Route 21 (or NCR 21) is part of the United Kingdom's National Cycle Network.	National Cycle Route 21	United Kingdom
country	Saryshaghan is a town in Kazakhstan located on the coast of Lake Balkhash at Latitude (DMS): 46° 7' 9 N Longitude (DMS): 73° 37' 9 E in Karaganda Region.	Saryshaghan	Kazakhstan
country	Mattancherry (Malayalam: മട്ടാഞ്ചേരി) is a locality in the city of Kochi, India.	Mattancherry	India
country	Abag Banner (Mongolian: ᠠᠪᠠᠭ᠎ᠠ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Abaɣ-a qosiɣu; Chinese: 阿巴嘎旗; pinyin: Ābāgā Qí) is a county of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Abag Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Nowy Życk (ˈnɔvɨ ˈʐɨt͡sk) (German: Deutsch Zyck) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Życk	Poland
country	WesBank Raceway was a motorsport facility situated at Germiston in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	WesBank Raceway	South Africa
country	Nova Sintra is a town in the central part of the island of Brava in southwestern Cape Verde.	Nova Sintra	Cape Verde
country	Kemusuk is a village in the Argo Mulya area in the Sedayu subdistrict, Bantul Regency, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Kemusuk	Indonesia
country	Katerynivka (Ukrainian: Катеринівка, until 1944 Katerburg) is a village and a former town in Western Ukraine.	Katerynivka	Ukraine
country	Derwonaji (also transliterated Derwernache) is a town in eastern Ethiopia.	Derwonaji	Ethiopia
country	Plaridel Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Plaridel) (IATA: PRB, ICAO: RPUX) is an airport serving the general area of Plaridel, located in the province of Bulacan in the Philippines.	Plaridel Airport	Philippines
country	Ubay Poblacion is one of the 44 barangays of the municipality of Ubay, in the province of Bohol, Philippines.	Ubay Poblacion	Philippines
country	Bandar Mas is a settlement town in Kota Tinggi District, Johor, Malaysia.	Bandar Mas	Malaysia
country	Deh-e Chahar Dari (Persian: ده چها ردري‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Chahār Darī) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Chahar Dari	Iran
country	Ca Pierre is a village in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Ca Pierre	Haiti
country	Playa Kalki is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, also curiously known as ``Alice in Wonderland''.	Playa Kalki	Curaçao
country	Ali Adde (Somali: Cali Cadde, Arabic: أدى على‎) is a town in Djibouti.	Ali Adde	Djibouti
country	Kōgoishi (神篭石 or 神籠石) are earthenwork structures, on a stone foundation, constructed in Japan during the Asuka period, particularly in areas around Fukuoka, on the island of Kyūshū.	Kōgoishi	Japan
country	Istgah-e Havashnasi (Persian: ايستگاه هواشناسي‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Havāshnāsī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Havashnasi	Iran
country	Razborca (pronounced (ˈɾaːzbɔɾtsa)) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Razborca	Slovenia
country	Khotiv is a village of the Kyiv-Sviatoshynsky district of Kyiv region of Ukraine, directly adjoins the urban boundary in the southwestern outskirts of Kyiv (Golosiivsky region, Feofania).	Khotiv	Ukraine
country	Djemah is a town and sub-prefecture in the Haut-Mbomou Prefecture of the south-eastern Central African Republic.	Djemah	Central African Republic
country	Nartopa or Nartupa (Urdu/Hindko: نرتوپہ) is a village in Hazro Tehsil, Attock District in Punjab province, Pakistan.	Nartopa	Pakistan
country	Scania Arena is an arena in Duisburg, Germany which was named by Scania, the Swedish commercial vehicle manufacturer.	Scania Arena	Germany
country	Plouaret (Breton: Plouared) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plouaret	France
country	Mieczki-Ziemaki (ˈmjɛt͡ʂki ʑɛˈmaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mieczki-Ziemaki	Poland
country	The 1771 Great Yaeyama Tsunami (also called 明和の大津波, the Great Tsunami of Meiwa) was caused by the Yaeyama Great Earthquake at about 8 A.M. on April 24, 1771, south-southeast of Ishigaki Island, part of the former Ryūkyū Kingdom and now forming part of present-day Okinawa, Japan.	1771 Great Yaeyama Tsunami	Japan
country	Križevci pri Ljutomeru is a settlement in the Prlekija region in eastern Slovenia.	Križevci pri Ljutomeru	Slovenia
country	The Venediger Group is located in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol, and also in Italy in the region of Trentino-South Tyrol.	Venediger Group	Austria
country	Laboe (German pronunciation: (laˈbøː)) is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Laboe	Germany
country	Chróścin-Zamek (ˈxruɕt͡ɕin ˈzamɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chróścin-Zamek	Poland
country	Sierra Maestra is a mountain range that runs westward across the south of the old Oriente Province from what is now Guantánamo Province to Niquero in southeast Cuba, rising abruptly from the coast.	Sierra Maestra	Cuba
country	Duncraig Senior High School is an independent public high school located 18 kilometres north of Perth, Western Australia in the suburb of Duncraig.	Duncraig Senior High School	Australia
country	Hermanus (originally called Hermanuspietersfontein, but shortened as the name was too long for the postal service), is a town on the southern coast of the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Hermanus	South Africa
country	Ługwałd (ˈwuɡvau̯t) (German Hochwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ługwałd	Poland
country	German submarine U-2513 was a Type XXI U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine, that was operated by the United States Navy for several years after World War II.	German submarine U-2513	Nazi Germany
country	Khachig River (Mongolian: Хачиг гол, Tick river) is a river in the north west region of Mongolia.	Khachig River	Mongolia
country	Starposle (Cyrillic: Старпосле) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Starposle	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Novoozerne (Ukrainian: Новоозерне; Russian: Новоозёрное, translit. Novoozyornoye; Crimean Tatar: Novoozörnoye) is an urban-type settlement in the Yevpatoria municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Novoozerne	Ukraine	Russia
country	Oropi is a rural district located in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Oropi	New Zealand
country	Padarvand-e Vosta (Persian: پادروندوسطي‎, also Romanized as Pādarvand-e Vosţá; also known as Bādervand-e Vosţá) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Padarvand-e Vosta	Iran
country	Løkta is an island in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.	Løkta	Norway
country	Srednja Bukova Gora (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnja ˈbuːkɔʋa ˈɡɔːɾa); German: Mitterbuchberg) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Srednja Bukova Gora	Slovenia
country	Shorashim (Hebrew: שָׁרָשִׁים, שורשים, lit. Roots) is a communal settlement in the Lower Galilee, in the Northern District of Israel.	Shorashim	Israel
country	Rushall Garden is a community garden situated on former railway land in Fitzroy North, Victoria in inner suburban Melbourne, Australia.	Rushall Garden	Australia
country	Kubaczyn (kuˈbat͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kubaczyn	Poland
country	Choulou (Greek: Χούλου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km west of Agios Fotios at an altitude of about 350m above sea level.	Choulou	Cyprus
country	L'Abergement-de-Varey is a commune in the department of Ain in eastern France.	L'Abergement-de-Varey	France
country	The Turbio River (or Rio Turbio in Spanish) rises in a mountainous region of the Argentine Andes and discharges to the Última Esperanza Sound in Chile.	Turbio River	Chile
country	Dežanovac (Czech: Dežanovec) is a village and a municipality in Bjelovar-Bilogora County, Croatia.	Dežanovac	Croatia
country	Haftvaneh (Persian: هفتوانه‎, also Romanized as Haftvāneh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Haftvaneh	Iran
country	Floridia (Sicilian: Ciuriddia) is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy).	Floridia	Italy
country	Perumal Par, also known as Peremul Par, is an uninhabited coral atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, India.	Perumal Par	India
country	Kombat (the place of the giraffe) is a mine and its associated settlement at the southern margin of the Otavi Mountain Range in northern Namibia.	Kombat	Namibia
country	Meremere is a small town in the northern Waikato region in the North Island of New Zealand.	Meremere	New Zealand
country	Puncak Perdana is a main township in Petaling district in Selangor, Malaysia.	Puncak Perdana	Malaysia
country	Mileh (Persian: ميله‎, also Romanized as Mīleh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mileh	Iran
country	Sud-Bandama Region is a defunct region of Ivory Coast.	Sud-Bandama	Ivory Coast
country	Munkegata Terminal is the main bus station in Trondheim, Norway.	Munkegata Terminal	Norway
country	Sandøy Church (Norwegian: Sandøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Sandøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Sandøy Church	Norway
country	The Nordgeorgsfehn Canal (German: Nordgeorgsfehnkanal or NGFK) is a canal in East Frisia, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Nordgeorgsfehn Canal	Germany
country	Calabor is a village belonging to Pedralba de la Pradería, to the south of the shire of Sanabria in the province of Zamora, Spain.	Calabor	Spain
country	Savusavu is known as ``the hidden paradise of Fiji.''	Savusavu	Fiji
country	Hauna is a village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located in the Honde Valley communal land about 55 km north of Mutare.It is the Growth Point Centre for Mutasa District in Manicaland.	Hauna	Zimbabwe
country	The Signal Box Inn is a public house in the seaside resort of Cleethorpes, United Kingdom.	The Signal Box Inn	United Kingdom
country	Paşayiğit is a belde (town) in Keşan district of Edirne Province, Turkey.	Paşayiğit	Turkey
country	Yurqunabad-e Sofla (Persian: يورقون ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Yūrqūnābād-e Soflá) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yurqunabad-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mount Kunyit (Indonesian: Gunung Kunyit, means: Turmeric Mountain) is a fumarolic stratovolcano on Sumatra, Indonesia.	Mount Kunyit	Indonesia
country	The Tenczyn Castle, otherwise known as the Tęczyn Castle, is a medieval castle in the Polish Jura, in the village of Rudno, Poland.	Tenczyn Castle	Poland
country	Itatiaia National Park (Parque Nacional do Itatiaia), established in 1937, is the oldest national park in Brazil.	Itatiaia National Park	Brazil
country	Qovşudlu (also, Kovshutlu) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qovşudlu	Azerbaijan
country	Aman Magan (Persian: امان مگان‎, also Romanized as Āmān Magān; also known as Āmān Margān and Āmān Qal``eh) is a village in Dorungar Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 24 families.	Aman Magan	Iran
country	King Abdullah Economic City (KAEC, /ˈkeɪk/; Arabic: مدينة الملك عبدالله الإقتصادية‎) is a megaproject announced in 2005 by Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, the then king of Saudi Arabia.	King Abdullah Economic City	Saudi Arabia
country	Flinders Medical Centre is a 580 bed public teaching hospital and medical school, co-located with Flinders University and the 130 bed Flinders Private Hospital located at Bedford Park, South Australia.	Flinders Medical Centre	Australia
country	The Tierser Tal (also German: Tiersertal; Italian: Val di Tires (ˈval di ˈtiːres)) is a side valley of the Eisacktal in South Tyrol, Italy.	Tierser Tal	Italy
country	Manila Bay is a natural harbour which serves the Port of Manila (on Luzon), in the Philippines.	Manila Bay	Philippines
country	Govejk (pronounced (ɡɔˈʋeːi̯k)) is a small village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Govejk	Slovenia
country	Cooks Creek is a stream of Antigua and Barbuda.	Cooks Creek	Antigua and Barbuda
country	The Arama Caprelor River (Hungarian: Feketerez-patak) is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania.	Arama Caprelor River	Romania
country	The Freycinet Peninsula is a large peninsula located on the eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Freycinet Peninsula	Australia
country	Stara Sava (pronounced (ˈsaːʋa); 'old Sava'), also known as Sava , is a formerly autonomous settlement that is now part of the town of Jesenice, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Stara Sava	Slovenia
country	Mansoura University was founded in 1972 in Mansoura city, Egypt.	Mansoura University	Egypt
country	Le Transbordeur is a 1,800-seat concert hall located in Villeurbanne, France.	Le Transbordeur	France
country	Rubber Island (Gummiinsel) is the nickname of an estate in the western part of Giessen (Germany).	Rubber Island	Germany
country	Köhnə Quşçu (also, Köhnəquşçu, Këgna Kushchu, Kekhna-Kushchu, and Kogna-Kushchi) is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Köhnə Quşçu	Azerbaijan
country	The Stirone is a small river of Emilia-Romagna in north Italy, a left tributary of the Taro, which it joins shortly before the latter enters the Po.	Stirone	Italy
country	the Twic East County formerly known as Tui/twi/Twic is currently one of the counties of Jonglei State of South Sudan.	Twic East County	South Sudan
country	The 2007 Pan American Games, officially known as the XV Pan American Games, were a major continental multi-sport event that took place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from July 13 to July 29, 2007.	2007 Pan American Games	Brazil
country	Gniewkówiec (ɡɲɛfˈkuvjɛt͡s) (German: Argendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gniewkówiec	Poland
country	Stuartholme School is a Catholic, day and boarding school for girls, located in Toowong, an inner suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Stuartholme School	Australia
country	The Arboretum Bad Grund (120 hectares), also known as Exotenwald and sometimes called the Arboretum des Forstamtes Grund or the Forstaboretum der Niedersächsischen Landesforstverwaltung, is an arboretum located along the B 242 federal highway near the Hübichenstein, northwest of Bad Grund, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Arboretum Bad Grund	Germany
country	Frank Maddock High School is a public high school located in the town of Drayton Valley, Alberta, Canada.	Frank Maddock High School	Canada
country	Hermann's Cave (German: Hermannshöhle), together with Baumann's Cave, is one of two show caves in Rübeland near Wernigerode, Germany.	Hermann's Cave	Germany
country	Lake Roxburgh is an artificial lake, created by the Roxburgh Dam, the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Roxburgh	New Zealand
country	The Casino Mediceo di San Marco is a late-Renaissance or Mannerist style palace located on Via Cavour number 57 and via San Gallo in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Casino Mediceo di San Marco	Italy
country	Łuków Forest (Polish: Lasy Łukowskie) is the largest forest complex in South Podlachia Plain near Łuków in eastern Poland.	Łuków Forest	Poland
country	Zvërnec Islands is a group of two islands that are located within the Narta Lagoon in southern Albania.	Zvërnec Islands	Albania
country	The Torricelli Mountains are a mountain range in Sandaun Province, northwestern Papua New Guinea.	Torricelli Mountains	Papua New Guinea
country	Prospect Cricket Club (the ``Pirates'') are a Grade Cricket team located in Adelaide, South Australia.	Prospect Cricket Club	Australia
country	Ypati (Greek: Υπάτη) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis, Greece.	Ypati	Greece
country	Khvorzuq (Persian: خورزوق‎, also Romanized as Khvorzūq, Khowrzūq, Khowrz̄ūq, Khūrzūq, Khurzuq, and Khvor Z̄owq; also known as Khorzūq, Khowrz̄ūg, and Khūzūq) is a city in the Central District of Borkhar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khvorzuq	Iran
country	Capilla de Guadalupe is a city and municipality, in Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	Capilla de Guadalupe	Mexico
country	Slovianoserbsk Raion (Ukrainian: Слов’яносербський район) is a raion (district) in Luhansk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.	Slovianoserbsk Raion	Ukraine
country	The Bay of Tangier is a bay around Tangier on the Mediterranean in northern Morocco.	Bay of Tangier	Morocco
country	Butare (Kinyarwanda: (butɑ́ɾe)) is a city (population: 77,000 as of August 2002) in the Southern Province of Rwanda and capital of Huye district.	Butare	Rwanda
country	Mega Dereio (Greek: Μέγα Δέρειο) is a village in the central part of the Evros regional unit in Greece.	Mega Dereio	Greece
country	Waiye (Somali: Waaciye) is a town in the Bari province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia.	Waiye	Somalia
country	Hati Rural District (Persian: دهستان حتی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hati Rural District	Iran
country	Lake Mariout (Arabic: بحيرة مريوط‎ Boḥēret Maryūṭ , IPA: (boˈħeːɾet mɑɾˤˈjuːtˤ)), also spelled Maryut or Mariut, is a brackish lake in northern Egypt.	Lake Mariout	Egypt
country	The Franco-Swiss Company (French: Compagnie Franco-Suisse, FS) was a former railway company in Switzerland, formed in 1859 and absorbed into the Western Swiss Railways in 1872.	Franco-Swiss Company	Switzerland
country	Bangka Strait is the strait that separates the island of Sumatra from Bangka Island (Palau Banka) in the Java Sea, Indonesia.	Bangka Strait	Indonesia
country	Alanngorsuup Sermia (old spelling: Alángorsûp Sermia) is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland.	Alanngorsuup Sermia	Greenland
country	Konibodom (Tajik: Конибодом; Persian: کانی‌بادام‎) is a city and jamoat in the Sughd province of northern Tajikistan, in western Fergana Valley.	Konibodom	Tajikistan
country	On March 24, 2005, the Lions Gate Bridge was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.	Lions Gate Bridge	Canada
country	Canadian Immigrant is a free monthly magazine and daily website for newcomers to Canada.	Canadian Immigrant	Canada
country	Łysica (ˈwɨˈɕit͡sa) is the highest mountain in Świętokrzyskie Mountains of Poland.	Łysica	Poland
country	The Danube-Ipoly National Park is one of the most diverse national parks in Hungary.	Danube-Ipoly National Park	Hungary
country	Verkh-Borovlyanka (Russian: Верх-Боровля́нка) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Rebrikhinsky District of Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Priobskoye Plateau.	Verkh-Borovlyanka	Russia
country	Col de Méraillet (el. 1605 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France ; it belongs to the commune of Beaufort.	Col de Méraillet	France
country	The Tosor River (Kyrgyz: Тосор) is a river in Tong District and Jeti-Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Tosor River	Kyrgyzstan
country	Chaiyanam (Thai: ชัยนาม) is a subdistrict in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Chaiyanam	Thailand
country	Kaadedhdhoo Airport (IATA: KDM, ICAO: VRMT) is a domestic airport on the island of Kaadedhdhoo in Gaafu Dhaalu (South Huvadhu) atoll, Maldives.	Kaadedhdhoo Airport	Maldives
country	Tol-e Meshkin (Persian: تل مشكين‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Meshkīn; also known as Tol-e Meshgī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Meshkin	Iran
country	Shah Abd ol Azim (Persian: شاه عبدالعظيم‎, also Romanized as Shāh ``Abd ol ``Az̧īm) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families.	Shah Abd ol Azim	Iran
country	Fort Hubberstone, on the west side of Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, is a Grade II* Listed Building which belongs to a series of forts built as part of the inner line of defence of the Haven following the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom.	Fort Hubberstone	United Kingdom
country	Azarcheh (Persian: اذرچه‎, also Romanized as Āẕarcheh; also known as Bālā Āẕarcheh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Azarcheh	Iran
country	The Kłodawa Salt Mine (Polish: Kopalnia Soli Kłodawa, KSK) is the biggest operating salt mine in Poland.	Kłodawa Salt Mine	Poland
country	The Small Jamuna River (Bengali: ছোট যমুনা নদী) is a river in North Bengal, Bangladesh.	Small Jamuna River	Bangladesh
country	Makhmur District is a district in Iraqi Kurdistan, between the Erbil Governorate and the Nineveh Governorate, Iraq.	Makhmur District	Iraq
country	Soroti is the main municipal, commercial, and administrative centre of Soroti District in the Eastern Region of Uganda, lying near Lake Kyoga.	Soroti	Uganda
country	Machon Ayalon was an underground bullet factory, located on Kibbutz Hill in Rehovot, Israel.	Machon Ayalon	Israel
country	Steske (pronounced (ˈsteːskɛ)) is a small settlement in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica.	Steske	Slovenia
country	Xinghe County (Mongolian: ᠰᠢᠩᠾᠧ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Siŋhė siyan; simplified Chinese: 兴和县; traditional Chinese: 興和縣; pinyin: Xīnghé Xiàn) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering the provinces of Hebei to the east and Shanxi to the south.	Xinghe County	People's Republic of China
country	Lewków (ˈlɛfkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lewków	Poland
country	Menelaida (Greek: Μενελαΐδα) is a former municipality in the Karditsa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Menelaida	Greece
country	Oteševo (Macedonian: Отешево) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Oteševo	Macedonia
country	Kemaman Port is a major seaport located on the east coast of Malaysia in the state of Terengganu.	Kemaman Port	Malaysia
country	Penmarc'h or Penmarch is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Penmarch	France
country	Piliki (piˈliki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piliki	Poland
country	Antigua Caribbean Liberation Movement, a radical socialist and Pan-African political party in Antigua and Barbuda.	Antigua Caribbean Liberation Movement	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Corral de comedias de Almagro (``Comedy theatre of Almagro'') is located at Plaza Mayor in Almagro, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Corral de comedias de Almagro	Spain
country	Lacryma Christi, (also Lachryma Christi of Vesuvius, literally ``tears of Christ''), is the name of a celebrated Neapolitan type of wine produced on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius in Campania, Italy.	Lacryma Christi	Italy
country	The Collegiata di San Martino is a Renaissance-style, Roman Catholic collegiate church in the center of Sinalunga, province of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Collegiata di San Martino	Italy
country	The Biu Plateau is a highland area in Northeastern Nigeria containing many recently extinct volcanoes.	Biu Plateau	Nigeria
country	Vincent Massey Junior School (Vincent Massey JS, VMJS or Massey, in actuality, Vincent Massey Public School) is located at 68 Daisy Avenue West in Long Branch area of Toronto, Canada.	Vincent Massey Junior School	Canada
country	Stadium MRT Station (CC6) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Kallang, Singapore.	Stadium MRT Station	Singapore
country	As of 2011 India, Hinjilicut had a population of 25,092 (2nd biggest town after Brahmapur city in Ganjam District).	Hinjilicut	India
country	Corat (also, Jorat and Dzhorat) is a village and municipality in Sumqayit, Azerbaijan.	Corat	Azerbaijan
country	Beit Hashmonai (Hebrew: בֵּית חַשְׁמוֹנַאי, lit. Hasmonean House) is a Jewish locality in central Israel.	Beit Hashmonai	Israel
country	Ubundu, formerly known as Ponthierville or Ponthierstad, is a city located in Tshopo District of Orientale Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Ubundu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Bjørnøy Lighthouse (Norwegian: Bjørnøy fyr) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Bjørnøy Lighthouse	Norway
country	Kellidie Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia immediately east of Coffin Bay and immediately adjoining the south coast of Kellidie Bay.	Kellidie Bay Conservation Park	Australia
country	Wacławów-Gajówka (vat͡sˈwavuf ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wacławów-Gajówka	Poland
country	The Ponte Nomentano (called Pons Lamentanus in the Middle Ages) is a Roman bridge in Rome, Italy, which carried the Via Nomentana over the Aniene (Latin: Anio).	Ponte Nomentano	Italy
country	Manta Rota is a small seaside town in the civil parish of Vila Nova de Cacela, municipality of Vila Real de Santo António, in the Algarve, Portugal.	Manta Rota	Portugal
country	Lake Vodlozero (Russian: Водлозеро, Finnish: Vodlajärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the southeastern part of the Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Lake Vodlozero	Russia
country	Roots Ivy International University is a university college affiliated with University of London International Programmes in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Roots Ivy International University	Pakistan
country	Westerstetten is a village in the district of Alb-Donau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Westerstetten	Germany
country	Enemorina Eaner (``Enemor and Eaner'') is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Enemorina Eaner	Ethiopia
country	La Grande Borne is a housing estate, in the Essonne département on the southern outskirts of Paris, France.	La Grande Borne	France
country	Žubejevo (pronounced (ʒu'bɛːjɛʋɔ) or (ʒu'beːjɛʋɔ)) is a small dispersed settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žubejevo	Slovenia
country	Chang Almas (Persian: چنگ الماس‎, also Romanized as Chang Almās; also known as Changamās, Changarmās, and Changmās) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chang Almas	Iran
country	Blackstone & Co. was a farm implement maker at Stamford, Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.	Blackstone & Co	United Kingdom
country	Beit Nekofa (Hebrew: בֵּית נְקוֹפָה) is a moshav in the Jerusalem District of Israel.	Beit Nekofa	Israel
country	Nytorget is a square on Södermalm, a district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Nytorget	Sweden
country	Heřmanův Městec (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦɛr̝manuːf ˈmɲɛstɛts); German: Hermanmiestetz, Hermannstädt(e)l) is a town in Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Heřmanův Městec	Czech Republic
country	Pomietów (pɔˈmjɛtuf) (formerly German Pumptow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pomietów	Poland
country	A.J. Freiman Limited, or Freimans (FREE-mənz), was a landmark department store on Rideau Street in Ottawa, Canada, founded in 1918 by Archibald J. Freiman.	Freimans	Canada
country	Nova Kinosenter is a cinema located in the city of Trondheim in Norway.	Nova Kinosenter	Norway
country	Šlovrenc (pronounced (ˈʃloːu̯ɾɛnts)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Šlovrenc	Slovenia
country	Queen's University Belfast has its roots in the Belfast Academical Institution, which was founded in 1810, one of the United Kingdom's 10 oldest universities, and remains as the Royal Belfast Academical Institution.	Queen's University Belfast	United Kingdom
country	Koczarki (kɔˈt͡ʂarki) (German Kotzargen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Koczarki	Poland
country	Chalmeh Kandi (Persian: چالمه كندي‎, also Romanized as Chālmeh Kandī; also known as Chalmā, Chalmā Kandī, Chalmā Kendī, and Chālmeh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chalmeh Kandi	Iran
country	The Cross for Military Valour (French: Croix de la Valeur Militaire) is a military decoration of France.	Cross for Military Valour	France
country	Accélérateur Grand Louvre d'analyse élémentaire (AGLAE) is a particle accelerator housed in the Louvre museum in Paris, France.	Accélérateur Grand Louvre d'analyse élémentaire	France
country	Tryokhgorny (Russian: Трёхго́рный, lit. (a town of) three mountains) is a closed town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located in the western part of the oblast 200 kilometers (120 mi) from Chelyabinsk.	Tryokhgorny	Russia
country	Tuleh Sara (Persian: توله سرا‎, also Romanized as Ţūleh Sarā; also known as Ţūl Sarā) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tuleh Sara	Iran
country	Kokkuthoduvai or Kokkuththoduvai (pronounced Kokkuth-thodu-vai) is a Town in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka.	Kokkuthoduvai	Sri Lanka
country	Diavlo is a steel roller coaster at Himeji Central Park in Japan which is a clone of Batman the Ride.	Diavlo	Japan
country	The Copa Constitució or Andorran Cup is the national football cup competition in Andorra organized by the Andorran Football Federation.	Copa Constitució	Andorra
country	Turtle Tower (Vietnamese: Tháp Rùa), also called Tortoise Tower is a small tower in the middle of Sword Lake, Hanoi, Vietnam.	Turtle Tower	Vietnam
country	Bunken railway halt (Danish: Bunken Trinbræt) is a railway halt located in the southern part of Bunken Plantation south of Skagen in Vendsyssel, Denmark.	Bunken railway halt	Denmark
country	Región de Murcia International Airport is an airport recently constructed in the municipality of Murcia (Spain), whose works began in July 2008 and which was expected to be operational before the end of 2013.	Región de Murcia International Airport	Spain
country	Diatali is a village in Kalaskati Union of Bakerganj Upazila, Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.	Diatali	Bangladesh
country	Schlettau is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in Saxony in Germany.	Schlettau	Germany
country	Brezovica na Bizeljskem (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa na biˈzeːlskɛm); in older sources also Brezje, German: Birkdorf) is a settlement south of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Brezovica na Bizeljskem	Slovenia
country	Alucheh-ye Sabalan (Persian: الوچه سبلان‎, also Romanized as Ālūcheh-ye Sabalān) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Alucheh-ye Sabalan	Iran
country	Męcina Mała (mɛnˈt͡ɕina ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Męcina Mała	Poland
country	Lemberg (Stuttgart) is a hill, 384 metres high, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Lemberg (Stuttgart)	Germany
country	Bagneux British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in the département of the Somme, in Picardy in northern France.	Bagneux British Cemetery	France
country	Kathekani is a dryland farming area in Kenya's Eastern Province.	Kathekani	Kenya
country	The Nature Reserve of Ghirardi is a 370-hectare (910-acre) nature reserve located in the Province of Parma, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Nature Reserve of Ghirardi	Italy
country	Wasita (al-Wasīṭâ) (Arabic: الوسيطة‎) is a Basic People's Congress administrative division of Bayda, Libya.	Wasita	Libya
country	Charters Towers is a city in northern Queensland, Australia.	Charters Towers	Australia
country	Vagazin (Azerbaijani: Vaqazin) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan.	Vagazin	Azerbaijan
country	Lagro High School (Tagalog: Paaralang Sekundarya ng Lagro) is a public high school in the Lagro District of Quezon City in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Lagro High School	Philippines
country	The Mt Cattlin mine is a spodumene-tantalite mine 2.2 kilometres (1.4 mi) north of Ravensthorpe, Western Australia.	Mt Cattlin mine	Australia
country	The Hacienda San José Chactún is a hacienda located in the State of Yucatán in Mexico.	San José Chactún	Mexico
country	La Gare de Saint-Louis-la-Chaussée is a railway station serving the community of Saint-Louis-la-Chaussée (Neuweg) in the north of the commune of Saint-Louis, Alsace, France.	Gare de Saint-Louis-la-Chaussée	France
country	Kostelec nad Labem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkostɛlɛts ˈnadlabɛm); German: Elbekosteletz) is a town in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Kostelec nad Labem	Czech Republic
country	The Stadsbibliotheek Haarlem (Haarlem Public Library) is a collective name for all public libraries in the Haarlem area of the Netherlands.	Stadsbibliotheek Haarlem	Netherlands
country	The A115 autoroute is a motorway in Île-de-France in France.	A115 autoroute	France
country	Chodubka (xɔˈdupka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chodubka	Poland
country	Ak Toba is the name of a village and settlement in Afghanistan on the Kunduz River, 3 miles upstream of Kunda Guzar and about 32 miles southwest of Hazrat-i-Imam.	Ak Toba	Afghanistan
country	Rough Tor (/ˈraʊtər/ ROW-ter), or Roughtor, is a tor on Bodmin Moor, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Rough Tor	United Kingdom
country	The San Cristobal River (Tagalog: Ilog ng San Cristobal) is a river system in the cities of Calamba and Cabuyao, Laguna, Philippines.	San Cristobal River	Philippines
country	The University of the Arts Bremen (German: Hochschule für Künste Bremen, HfK Bremen) is a public university in Bremen, Germany.	University of the Arts Bremen	Germany
country	Mahabad Agricultural Training Camp (Persian: مركزاموزش كشاورزي مهابادوپادگان‎ -- Markazāmūzseh-ye Keshāvarzī-ye Mahābād va Pādegān) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mahabad Agricultural Training Camp	Iran
country	Banskandi is a Block level area in Cachar district, Assam, India, almost 13 km from Silchar.	Banskandi	India
country	Radawczyk (raˈdaft͡ʂɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Radawczyk	Poland
country	Amaxades (Greek: Αμαξάδες, Turkish: Arabacıköy) is a village and a former community in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Amaxades	Greece
country	Bobieding is a small Aboriginal community, located 120 km north of Broome in the Kimberley Region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Broome.	Bobieding	Australia
country	Adyanpara Falls is a cascading waterfall in the Kurmbalangodu village of Nilambur taluk in Kerala, India.	Adyanpara Falls	India
country	Dzenzursky (Russian: Дзензурский) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Dzenzursky	Russia
country	Caucasus University is a privately held university in Georgia, Caucasus.	Caucasus University	Georgia
country	Malchin Peak (Mongolian: Малчин оргил, lit. ``herder peak'') is the one of five peaks of the Tavan Bogd mountain on the Mongolia-Russian border.	Malchin Peak	Mongolia
country	The Promenade de la Croisette (pronounced: (pʀɔmənad də la kʁwazɛt)) (or Boulevard de la Croisette) is a prominent road in Cannes, France.	Promenade de la Croisette	France
country	At its best MoonTV could reach 1.3 million potential viewers in the 12 biggest cities across Finland.	MoonTV	Finland
country	Misamis Occidental Aquamarine Park is a tropical resort and a prominent habitat for various marine mammals in Mindanao, Philippines.	Misamis Occidental Aquamarine Park	Philippines
country	Crastatt (German: Krastatt) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Crastatt	France
country	Təndul (also, Təndül) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Təndul	Azerbaijan
country	Hung Yen University of Technology and Education (Vietnamese: Trường Đại học Sư phạm kỹ thuật Hưng Yên) is a government-funded university in Hưng Yên Province, Vietnam.	Hung Yen University of Technology and Education	Vietnam
country	Porkhov (Russian: По́рхов) is a town and the administrative center of Porkhovsky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Shelon River, 75 kilometers (47 mi) east of Pskov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Porkhov	Russia
country	Formentera (Catalan pronunciation: (furmənˈteɾə), Spanish: (formenˈteɾa)) is the smaller and more southerly island of the Pityusic Islands group (comprising Ibiza and Formentera, as well as various small islets), which belongs to the Balearic Islands autonomous community (Spain).	Formentera	Spain
country	Pont basculant de la Seyne-sur-Mer is a former bascule bridge in La Seyne-sur-Mer in France.	Pont basculant de la Seyne-sur-Mer	France
country	Nøstvik Church (also known as Velfjord Church) (Norwegian: Nøstvik kirke or Velfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Nøstvik Church	Norway
country	Vrashka Chuka (Bulgarian: Връшка чука) or Vrška čuka (Serbian: Вршка чука, Vrška čuka, pronounced (ʋr̩̂ːʃkaː tʃûka)) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains, situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia.	Vrashka Chuka	Bulgaria	Serbia
country	Shangombo District with headquarters at Shangombo is located in Zambia.	Shangombo District	Zambia
country	Valle de la Pascua is the capital city of the autonomous municipality of Leonardo Infante, Guárico, Venezuela .	Valle de la Pascua	Venezuela
country	Nippur was located in modern Nuffar in Afak, Al-Qādisiyyah Governorate, Iraq.	Nippur	Iraq
country	Milluqucha (Quechua millu salty / aluminum sulfate used to dye something, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Millococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Huancavelica Province, Acobambilla District.	Milluqucha	Peru
country	Himatangi is a small settlement in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island.	Himatangi	New Zealand
country	COWI A/S is an international consulting group, specialising in engineering, environmental science and economics, based in Lyngby, Denmark.	COWI A/S	Denmark
country	Garmeh (Persian: گرمه‎‎, formerly Persian: گرمه ‎‎ - Garmeh) is a city in and the capital of Garmeh County in North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Garmeh	Iran
country	Château Cantemerle is a winery in the Haut-Médoc appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France, in the commune of Macau.	Château Cantemerle	France
country	Qushqovan-e Olya (Persian: قوشقوان عليا‎, also Romanized as Qūshqovān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 14 families.	Qushqovan-e Olya	Iran
country	Margeride (In Occitan Marjarida) is a mountainous region of France, situated in the Massif Central, inside the départements of Cantal, Haute-Loire and Lozère.	Margeride	France
country	Barseh (Persian: برسه‎, also Romanized as Baraseh) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barseh	Iran
country	Ramathibodi Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลรามาธิบดี ) is a university hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital or Ramathibodi Hospital Faculty of Medicine which is a faculty within Mahidol University and the fourth oldest medical school in Thailand.	Ramathibodi Hospital	Thailand
country	Grabina Wielka (ɡraˈbina ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grabina Wielka	Poland
country	Škocjan Caves (pronounced (ˈʃkɔːtsjan); Slovene: Škocjanske jame, Italian: Grotte di San Canziano) is a cave system in Slovenia.	Škocjan Caves	Slovenia
country	Hoseyn Pump Complex (Persian: تلمبه خواجه حسيني‎ -- Tolombeh-ye Khvājeh Ḩoseynī) is a village and company town in Mosaferabad Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Pump Complex	Iran
country	Paramé is a former town and commune of France on the north coast of Brittany.	Paramé	France
country	Algorfa (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈɣorfa)) is a small town in the Costa Blanca area of Spain.	Algorfa	Spain
country	Mārupe is a village in and the centre of Mārupe municipality, Latvia.	Mārupe	Latvia
country	Knyki (ˈknɨkʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Knyki	Poland
country	Shaybah Airport is a small airfield located in the remote Shaybah oil complex in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Shaybah Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	Karmsund Bridge (Norwegian: Karmsund bru) is a bridge over the Karmsundet strait in Rogaland county, Norway.	Karmsund Bridge	Norway
country	Iaal (Arabic: ايعال‎, also spelt as Ī`āl, Iäal or I’aal) is an ancient village in northern Lebanon.	Iaal	Lebanon
country	Briggs Islet is a small granite island, with an area of 3.4 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Briggs Islet	Australia
country	Small Vraca (Albanian: Vraca e Vogël; Macedonian: Мало Враца Malo Vraca, Serbian: Мала Враца Mala Vraca) is a peak of the Šar Mountains located in Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia.	Small Vraca	Kosovo
country	The Furnas Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the Minas Gerais state of Brazil.	Furnas Dam	Brazil
country	Stambelići (Serbian Cyrillic: Стамбелићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stambelići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Bafa or Lake Bafa Nature Park (Turkish: Bafa Gölü Tabiat Parkı) is a lake and a nature reserve situated in southwestern Turkey, part of it within the boundaries of Milas district of Muğla Province and the northern part within Aydın Province's Söke district.	Lake Bafa Nature Park	Turkey
country	Surazh (Russian: Сураж) is a town and the administrative center of Surazhsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Iput River 177 kilometers (110 mi) southwest of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Surazh	Russia
country	Qarshi (Uzbek: Qarshi / Қарши; Persian: نخشب / Nakhshab‎‎; Russian: Karshi / Карши) is a city in southern Uzbekistan.	Qarshi	Uzbekistan
country	Ávila Railway Station (IATA: AVS) is the central railway station of Ávila, Spain.	Ávila Railway Station	Spain
country	The 2001 European Judo Championships were the 12th edition of the European Judo Championships, and were held in Paris, France from 18 May to 20 May 2001.	2001 European Judo Championships	France
country	Aquarium Finisterrae (Aquarium of the end of the World) is an aquarium located in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Aquarium Finisterrae	Spain
country	The Sarcofagi of Carajía are unusually large sarcofagi in Carajía, Peru.	Sarcofagi of Carajía	Peru
country	The Gurghiu Mountains (Romanian:Munții Gurghiu, Hungarian: Görgény, German: Rosengraben) are a range in the Căliman-Harghita Mountains of the Eastern Carpathians, Romania, in the Transylvania region.	Gurghiu Mountains	Romania
country	The Captain James Cook Memorial was built by the Commonwealth Government to commemorate the Bicentenary of Captain James Cook's first sighting of the east coast of Australia.	Captain James Cook Memorial	Australia
country	Stockholm Mean Machines is an American Football team based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Mean Machines	Sweden
country	Henson Park is a multi purpose sports ground in Marrickville, New South Wales, Australia.	Henson Park	Australia
country	The Bliggspitze is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps in Austria.	Bliggspitze	Austria
country	FK Drita (Macedonian: ФК Дрита) is a football club based in the village Bogovinje near Tetovo, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Drita	Macedonia
country	Delhi Public School, Gwalior opened in Gwalior, India, on July 3, 2006.	Delhi Public School, Gwalior	India
country	Germi (Persian: گرمي‎‎, also Romanized as Germī and Garmī; also known as Garmi Ejarood) is a city in and the capital of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Germi	Iran
country	Sabzazar situated in Lahore, Pakistan.	Sabzazar	Pakistan
country	Potaśnia (pɔˈtaɕɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Potaśnia	Poland
country	Tomaree Battery (Fort Tomaree) was an artillery battery located on the southern side of the entrance to Port Stephens at Tomaree Head, New South Wales, Australia.	Tomaree Battery	Australia
country	Pogradec is a city and municipality in southeastern Albania, situated on the shores of Ohrid lake.	Pogradec	Albania
country	Bunara (Cyrillic: Бунара) is a village in the municipality of Petrovac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bunara	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Shahrak-e Sofla (Persian: شهرك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Soflá; also known as Shārāk-e Pā’īn, Sharīkeh Pāin, and Sharīkeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Sofla	Iran
country	Department for Work and Pensions v Information Commissioner was a 2013 first-tier tribunal case in the United Kingdom.	Department for Work and Pensions v Information Commissioner	United Kingdom
country	Pukhavichy Raion (Puchavičy District) is a second-level administrative subdivision (raion) of Belarus in the east of Minsk Voblast.	Pukhavichy Raion	Belarus
country	The Ōnawe Peninsula is a volcanic plug inside Akaroa Harbour, on Banks Peninsula in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Ōnawe Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Wainwright High School (also known as WHS) is a public high school for grades 7--12 in Wainwright, Alberta, Canada.	Wainwright High School	Canada
country	Ocna Mureș (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌokna ˈmureʃ); Latin: Salinae, Hungarian: Marosújvár, German: Miereschhall) is a town in Alba County, Romania, located in the north-eastern corner of the county, near the Mureș River, with a population of 15,503 inhabitants as of 2002.	Ocna Mureș	Romania
country	Agarpara is a place in north Kolkata and under Khardah police stations of Barrackpore City Police under Barrackpore subdivision and Kolkata city of the state of West Bengal in India.	Agarpara	India
country	Sarhulan (Persian: سرهولان‎, also Romanized as Sarhūlān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarhulan	Iran
country	The Jean Talon Building is a federal government office building in Ottawa, Canada.	Jean Talon Building	Canada
country	The Tubas Red Sand mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of Namibia in Erongo Region.	Tubas Red Sand mine	Namibia
country	Thomas Erichsens Minde is a landmark estate and Manor house located on the isle of Askøy outside Bergen, on the west coast of Norway.	Thomas Erichsens Minde	Norway
country	Tebourba (Tunisian Arabic: طبربة‎ ṫbūrbā) is a town in Tunisia, located about 20 miles (30 km) from the capital Tunis, former Ancient city (Thuburbo Minus) and bishopric, now a Latin Catholic titular see.	Tebourba	Tunisia
country	The 1 August 2007 Baghdad bombings occurred on 1 August 2007, when several suicide bombings and car bombings occurred in Baghdad, the capital of Iraq.	1 August 2007 Baghdad bombings	Iraq
country	Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex near Krasnaya Polyana, Russia.	Biathlon at the 2014 Winter Olympics	Russia
country	The Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue of Montreal also known as Shearith Israel is a Montreal synagogue, located on St. Kevin Street in Snowdon, which is the oldest Jewish congregation in Canada.	Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue of Montreal	Canada
country	Dancenorth is a contemporary dance company based in Townsville, North Queensland, Australia.	Dancenorth	Australia
country	Sacatepéquez (Spanish pronunciation: (sakateˈpekes)) was a city in Guatemala from November 21, 1542 until July 29, 1773 when it was destroyed by the Santa Marta earthquake.	Sacatepéquez	Guatemala
country	The Clinique Ambroise Paré is a hospital in Conakry, Guinea, is considered to be the best hospital in the country.	Clinique Ambroise Paré	Guinea
country	The Canadian Museum of History (French: Musée canadien de l’histoire, formerly the Canadian Museum of Civilization) is Canada's national museum of human history.	Canadian Museum of History	Canada
country	Semarang Poncol railway station (Dutch:Pontjol) is a historic railway station in Semarang, Indonesia.	Semarang Poncol railway station	Indonesia
country	Adyge-Khablsky District (Russian: Ады́ге-Ха́бльский райо́н; Karachay-Balkar: Адыге-Хабль район; Kabardian: Адыгэ-Хьэблэ район; Abaza: Адыгьа-ХӀабльа район; Nogay: Адыге-хабльдын району) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia.	Adyge-Khablsky District	Russia
country	Änge (from Old Norse engi 'meadow') is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality, Jämtland County, Sweden with 314 inhabitants in 2010.	Änge	Sweden
country	Gawdawpalin Temple (Burmese: ကောတော့ပလ္လင်ဘုရား, IPA: (ɡɔ́dɔ̰pəlɪ̀ɴ pʰəjá)) is a Buddhist temple located in Bagan, Burma (Myanmar).	Gawdawpalin Temple	Myanmar
country	Loznica (Serbian: Лозница, pronounced (lǒznit͡sa)) is a city located in western Serbia, in the Mačva District.	Loznica	Serbia
country	Shkodër (definite Albanian form: Shkodra, for other names see the etymology section), is a city and municipality in northwestern Albania and the seat of the county with the same name.	Shkodër	Albania
country	Perom (Persian: پرم‎; also known as Parūm and Perūm) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Perom	Iran
country	Grabów nad Pilicą (ˈɡrabuf ˌnat piˈlit͡sɔ̃) is a village in Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabów nad Pilicą	Poland
country	The 2011 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships in speed skating were held at the IJsbaan Twente ice stadium in Enschede, Netherlands at 19 February 2011.	2011 KNSB Dutch Super Sprint Championships	Netherlands
country	Ring Knutstorp is a motor racing circuit in Kågeröd, Sweden.	Ring Knutstorp	Sweden
country	Békéscsaba (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːkeːʃt͡ʃɒbɒ); see also other alternative names) is a city in Southeast Hungary, the capital of the county Békés.	Békéscsaba	Hungary
country	The Natural Science Museum is a museum located in Victoria, on the island of Gozo, Malta, open to public since 1991.	Natural Science Museum	Malta
country	Alldays Airport (IATA: ADY, ICAO: FAAL) is an airport serving Alldays, a town in the Limpopo province in South Africa.	Alldays Airport	South Africa
country	Sloping Island, incorporating the adjacent Sloping Reef, is an island nature reserve, with an area of 117 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Sloping Island	Australia
country	FK 11 Oktomvri (Macedonian: ФК 11 Октомври) is a football club from Prilep, Republic of Macedonia.	FK 11 Oktomvri	Macedonia
country	Ulawa Airport is an airport in Arona on Ulawa Island in the Solomon Islands (IATA: RNA, ICAO: AGAR).	Ulawa Airport	Solomon Islands
country	SLNS Parakrama is a Sri Lanka Navy shore establishment sited on Flagstaff Street in Colombo, in close proximity to the Colombo Lighthouse.	SLNS Parakrama	Sri Lanka
country	The Gran Teatro Falla is a theater in the city of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Gran Teatro Falla	Spain
country	Kamyaran County (Persian: شهرستان کامیاران‎‎, Kurdish: Kamyaran - کامیاران‎) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran.	Kamyaran County	Iran
country	Parallel Creek is a creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Parallel Creek	Canada
country	Petauke is a town and seat of Petauke District located in the Eastern Province of Zambia.	Petauke	Zambia
country	The Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi (Georgian: თბილისის წმინდა სამების საკათედრო ტაძარი Tbilisis cminda samebis sakatedro tadzari) commonly known as Sameba (Georgian: სამება for Trinity) is the main cathedral of the Georgian Orthodox Church located in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.	Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi	Georgia
country	The Sainte-Chapelle (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃t ʃapɛl), Holy Chapel) is a royal medieval Gothic chapel, located near the Palais de la Cité, on the Île de la Cité in the heart of Paris, France.	Sainte-Chapelle	France
country	Lintuvaara (Finnish) or Fågelberga (Swedish) is a district of Espoo, a city in Finland.	Lintuvaara	Finland
country	Fesenduz (Persian: فسندوز‎, also Romanized as Fesendūz, Fesandooz, Fesandūz, and Fesondūz; also known as Pīr Sodūz and Sulduz) is a village in Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District, Marhemetabad District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fesenduz	Iran
country	Sorø Academy (Danish, Sorø Akademi) is a boarding school and gymnasium located in the small town of Sorø, Denmark.	Sorø Academy	Denmark
country	Ghoslak (Persian: غسلك‎) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Ghoslak	Iran
country	Blåbärskullen transmitter (Swedish: Blåbärskullenmasten) is a facility for FM/TV-broadcasting at Sunne in Sweden, which went in service on September 2, 1960.	Blåbärskullen transmitter	Sweden
country	Gzhelskogo kirpichnogo zavoda (Russian: Гже́льского кирпи́чного заво́да) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Gzhelskogo kirpichnogo zavoda	Russia
country	Zeila District (Somali: Degmada Saylac) is a district of the Awdal region in northwestern Somalia.	Zeila District	Somalia
country	Hedayatabad (Persian: هدايت اباد‎, also Romanized as Hedāyatābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hedayatabad	Iran
country	Kolding Storcenter is a shopping mall in the town of Kolding in Southern Denmark.	Kolding Storcenter	Denmark
country	Kierlikówka (kʲɛrliˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciana, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kierlikówka	Poland
country	Hesarlu (Persian: حصارلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşārlū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesarlu	Iran
country	Meiji Dam (Japanese: 明治ダム) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1993.	Meiji Dam	Japan
country	Mostar (Cyrillic: Мостар) is a city and municipality in southern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mostar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Poopó (Spanish: Lago Poopó) was a large saline lake located in a shallow depression in the Altiplano Mountains in Bolivia at an altitude of approximately 3,700 metres.	Lake Poopó	Bolivia
country	Valderrey (Spanish pronunciation: (baldeˈrei)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Valderrey	Spain
country	Gornji Suhor pri Vinici (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈsuːxɔɾ pɾi ˈʋiːnitsi); German: Obersuchor) is a village on the route from Dragatuš to Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Gornji Suhor pri Vinici	Slovenia
country	Močenok (Hungarian: Mocsonok) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Močenok	Slovakia
country	Derrybrien is a tiny village in County Galway, Ireland.	Derrybrien	Ireland
country	Ratanice (rataˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ratanice	Poland
country	Delhi Institute of Tool Engineering (DITE) is a Delhi State Government Engineering college located in the Wazirpur Industrial Area of New Delhi, India.	Delhi Institute of Tool Engineering	India
country	Royal Villa of Durrës, also known as Zog's Villa of Durrës (Albanian: Vila mbretërore e Durrësit) was the summer villa of King Zog in Durrës, Albania.	Royal Villa of Durrës	Albania
country	Marnes-la-Coquette (pronounced (maʁnə la kokɛt)) is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, France.	Marnes-la-Coquette	France
country	The Neamț Monastery (Romanian: Mănăstirea Neamț) is a Romanian Orthodox religious settlement, one of the oldest and most important of its kind in Romania.	Neamț Monastery	Romania
country	Anini (Hindi: अनिनी) is the headquarters of the Dibang Valley district in the state of Arunachal Pradesh in Northeast India.	Anini	India
country	Rrencë is a village in the former municipality Guri i Zi, northern Albania.	Rrencë	Albania
country	Loreto Normanhurst is a private, Roman Catholic, day and boarding school for girls, located in Normanhurst, a suburb on the upper North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Loreto Normanhurst	Australia
country	Miróbriga (Mirobriga Celticorum) is an ancient Roman town located near the village and civil parish of Santiago do Cacém, in the municipality of the same name in the south-west of Portugal.	Miróbriga	Portugal
country	Museo Universitario de Artes Populares María Teresa Pomar is a museum dedicated to Mexico's handcrafts and folk art tradition, called ``artesanía.''	Museo Universitario de Artes Populares María Teresa Pomar	Mexico
country	Macahambus Cave is a scenic cave in the Misamis Oriental province, part of Cagayan de Oro, in the Philippines.	Macahambus Cave	Philippines
country	Calakmul was a major Maya power within the northern Petén Basin region of the Yucatán Peninsula of southern Mexico.	Calakmul	Mexico
country	Åkviksundet Bridge (Norwegian: Åkviksundet bru) is a box girder bridge that crosses the Åkviksundet strait between the islands of Dønna and Staulen in Nordland county, Norway.	Åkviksundet Bridge	Norway
country	The Lemon Bucket Orkestra is a Canadian self-described ``Balkan-Klezmer-Gypsy-Party-Punk-Super Band'' based in Toronto, Canada.	The Lemon Bucket Orkestra	Canada
country	Vranovača (Serbian Cyrillic: Врановача) is a village in Croatia.	Vranovača	Croatia
country	Trutnov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtrutnof); German: Trautenau) is a city in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Trutnov	Czech Republic
country	Agh Bolagh-e Sofla (Persian: اغ بلاغ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh-e Soflá; also known as Āgh Bolāgh-e Pā’īn and Āq Bolāgh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Agh Bolagh-e Sofla	Iran
country	Strykówko (strɨˈkufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strykówko	Poland
country	Piętacz (ˈpjɛntat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nakło nad Notecią, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Piętacz	Poland
country	Zverosovkhoz (Russian: Зверосовхо́з) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) under the administrative jurisdiction of the urban-type settlement of Kildinstroy in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula beyond the Arctic Circle.	Zverosovkhoz	Russia
country	Chorbogh (Persian: چهارباغ ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Chorbogh	Tajikistan
country	The Shire of Boonah was a local government area in South East Queensland, Australia, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Brisbane.	Shire of Boonah	Australia
country	Edificio Lapido is a building on the 18 de Julio Avenue in Centro, Montevideo, Uruguay.	Edificio Lapido	Uruguay
country	Cappadocia (/kæpəˈdoʊʃə/; also Capadocia; Turkish: Kapadokya, Greek: Καππαδοκία Kappadokía, from Ancient Greek: Καππαδοκία, from Old Persian: Katpatuka; Armenian: Գամիրք (Gamirq)) is a historical region in Central Anatolia, largely in the Nevşehir, Kayseri, Aksaray, and Niğde Provinces in Turkey.	Cappadocia	Turkey
country	The People's Majlis is the unicameral legislative body of the Maldives.	People's Majlis	Maldives
country	Liaoning University of Petroleum and Chemical Technology (Chinese: 辽宁石油化工大学; pinyin: Liáoníng Shíyóu Huàgōng Dàxué) is a university in Fushun, Liaoning, People's Republic of China under the provincial government.	Liaoning University of Petroleum and Chemical Technology	People's Republic of China
country	Pars-e Jonubi-ye Do (Persian: پارس جنوبي 2‎, also Romanized as Pārs-e Jonūbī-ye Do) is a village in Central District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Pars-e Jonubi-ye Do	Iran
country	Lake Boonderoo is an ephemeral freshwater lake located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Lake Boonderoo	Australia
country	Mozang Chungi or Mozang is an area in Lahore, Pakistan.	Mozang Chungi	Pakistan
country	Baekunsan (lit. White Cloud Mountain) is a mountain located in Duseomyeon, Ulju County, Ulsan, South Korea.	Baekunsan	South Korea
country	Duraq (Persian: دورق‎, also Romanized as Dūraq; also known as Dūrag) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Duraq	Iran
country	Nuñomoral is the head village of a municipality of the same name located in the center of the comarca of Las Hurdes, province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain.	Nuñomoral	Spain
country	The Grande-Rivière railway station is located on Rue du Parc in the city of Grande-Rivière, Quebec, Canada.	Grande-Rivière railway station	Canada
country	Rue Saint-Malo is a paved street in Brest, France.	Rue Saint-Malo	France
country	Blanche Rock is a 0.07 ha dolerite islet in south-eastern Australia.	Blanche Rock	Australia
country	The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) is one of the largest militant groups in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria.	Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta	Nigeria
country	The Ballarat Showgrounds (officially Ballarat Showgrounds and Recreation Reserve) is a multi-purpose venue in Wendouree, a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia owned by the City of Ballarat and since 1934, the home of the Ballarat Show, an agricultural show which since 2010 has had its own public holiday in Ballarat.	Ballarat Showgrounds	Australia
country	Koforidua, also popularly known as K-dua, is a city and capital of Eastern Region in south Ghana.	Koforidua	Ghana
country	Mujiliao Station (Chinese: 木履寮車站; pinyin: Mùlǚliáo Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Zhuqi Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	Mujiliao Station	Taiwan
country	The municipality of Moxa forms part of the Saale-Orla district in Thuringia, Germany.	Moxa	Germany
country	Colonia Lapin is a settlement located near the town of Rivera in the southwest region of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, in the Municipality of Adolfo Alsina.	Colonia Lapin	Argentina
country	Slano (Islana in Italian) is a village in southern Croatia with a small harbour in the bay of the same name.	Slano	Croatia
country	Petrie Island is an island situated in the Ottawa River in the eastern part of the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Petrie Island	Canada
country	Kajuiyeh (Persian: كجوييه‎, also Romanized as Kajūīyeh; also known as Kowjū’īyeh) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kajuiyeh	Iran
country	Los Altares Valley (Valle de los Altares), also called Las Ruinas Valley (Valle de las Ruinas) is a valley in central Chubut Province in southern Argentina.	Los Altares Valley	Argentina
country	The Dongen Formation (Dutch: Formatie van Dongen; abbreviation: DO) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands.	Dongen Formation	Netherlands
country	The Berlin Outer Freight Ring (German: Güteraußenring, GAR) was a planned ring railway around the city of Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Outer Freight Ring	Germany
country	In the Mind of... is an interview program broadcast in Canada on The Biography Channel and Bravo!.	In the Mind of...	Canada
country	Lake Elton (Russian: Эльтон) is a salt lake in Volgograd Oblast, Russia, near the border with Kazakhstan.	Lake Elton	Russia
country	The service was launched in January 2002 as Viasat Explorer in Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Finland.	Viasat Explore	Sweden
country	Vannes (French pronunciation: ​(van); Breton: Gwened) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Vannes	France
country	Neskaupstaður is a town located on the fjord Norðfjörður on the eastern side of Iceland.	Neskaupstaður	Iceland
country	The Achankovil is a river in Kerala, India, created towards the southern tip of the peninsula by the confluence of the Rishimala, Pasukidamettu, and Ramakkalteri Rivers.	Achankovil	India
country	Uh Atoll is an atoll and municipality in the state of Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia.	Uh Atoll	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Samtah (also Romanized as Şāmitah or Samta; in Arabic صامطة) is a town and sub-division in Jizan Province, in southwestern Saudi Arabia.	Samtah	Saudi Arabia
country	Kerzaz (Arabic: آﺮزاز‎) is a town and commune, and capital of Kerzaz District, in Béchar Province, western Algeria.	Kerzaz	Algeria
country	Fériana (Arabic: فريانة‎) is a town and commune in the Kasserine Governorate, Tunisia.	Fériana	Tunisia
country	Noltorp Church (Swedish: Noltorpskyrkan) is a church in Alingsås, Västergötland, Sweden.	Noltorp Church	Sweden
country	German submarine U-486 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 321, launched on 12 February 1944 and commissioned on 22 March with Oberleutnant zur See Gerhard Meyer in command.	German submarine U-486	Germany
country	123 Albert Street, also known as Rio Tinto Tower, is a commercial office development in Brisbane, Australia.	123 Albert Street	Australia
country	Muráň Castle (Slovak: Muránsky hrad), is a ruin of a medieval castle situated above the village of Muráň, in the Muránska planina National Park in Slovakia.	Muráň Castle	Slovakia
country	Vladivostok State University of Economics and Service (Russian: Владивосто́кский госуда́рственный университе́т эконо́мики и се́рвиса), or VSUES (ВГУЭС), is a university located in Vladivostok, Russia.	Vladivostok State University of Economics and Service	Russia
country	Trocon is a lava dome complex in Argentina.	Trocon	Argentina
country	Ostravice is a village and a popular summer holiday resort in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic under the Moravian-Silesian Beskids to which it serves as a gate.	Ostravice	Czech Republic
country	Bethungra is a locality in Junee Shire in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia situated on the Olympic Way about 13 kilometres northeast of Illabo and 24 kilometres southwest of Cootamundra.	Bethungra	Australia
country	Agilkia Island (also called Agilika; Arabic: أجيليكا‎) is an island in the reservoir of the Old Aswan Dam along the Nile River in southern Egypt; it is the present site of the relocated Ancient Egyptian temple complex of Philae.	Agilkia Island	Egypt
country	Ponniammanmedu (Tamil: பொன்னியம்மன்மேடு), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Ponniammanmedu	India
country	Opava (Czech pronunciation: (ˈopava); Silesian: Uopawa, German: Troppau, Silesian German: Tropp, Polish: Opawa, Latin: Oppavia) is a city in the northern Czech Republic on the river Opava, located to the north-west of Ostrava.	Opava	Czech Republic
country	Mazraeh-ye Tarvij Gandam (Persian: مزرعه ترويج گندم‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tarvīj Gandam) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tarvij Gandam	Iran
country	Trasi is a place on the west coast of India, 109 km from Mangalore, 203 km from Canacona, Goa, 937 km from Mumbai and 12 km north from Kundapur in Kundapura Taluk, Udupi District.	Trasi	India
country	Warężyn (vaˈrɛ̃ʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siewierz, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Warężyn	Poland
country	General Viejo is a small town located in the South Pacific Region of Costa Rica.	General Viejo	Costa Rica
country	Basque Park is a north-facing reserve in Eden Terrace, a former working class suburb in central Auckland, the largest city in New Zealand.	Basque Park	New Zealand
country	Sollefteå Hospital (Swedish: Sollefteå sjukhus) is a hospital in Sollefteå in Västernorrland County, Sweden.	Sollefteå Hospital	Sweden
country	The Cordillera de Talamanca is a mountain range that lies on the border between Costa Rica and Panama.	Cordillera de Talamanca	Panama
country	Promyri (Greek: Προμύρι) is a village in Magnesia, Greece.	Promyri	Greece
country	Quartermaster sergeant instructor (QMSI) is a warrant officer appointment in the armies of the United Kingdom and Canada.	Quartermaster sergeant instructor	United Kingdom
country	Górkło (ˈɡurkwɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Górkło	Poland
country	Cot Valley is located half-a-mile south of St Just in west Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Cot Valley	United Kingdom
country	Villeurbanne (French pronunciation: ​(vi.lœʁ.ban)) is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Villeurbanne	France
country	Bukulja (Serbian Cyrillic: Букуља, pronounced (bǔkuʎa)) is a mountain near Aranđelovac in central Serbia.	Bukulja	Serbia
country	Fort Margherita is an old fort built in 1879 by Charles Brooke, Rajah of Sarawak situated in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Fort Margherita	Malaysia
country	Quarto Centenário is a municipality in the state of Paraná (PR) in Brazil.	Quarto Centenário	Brazil
country	Owji Talar (Persian: اوجي تالار‎, also Romanized as Owjī Tālār; also known as Ojī Tālār and Ūchītālār) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owji Talar	Iran
country	Ba'kelalan is a group of nine villages in the Bario Highlands of Sarawak, Malaysia about 3,000 feet (910 m) above sea level and 4 km from the border with Indonesian Kalimantan.	Ba'kelalan	Malaysia
country	Kulaneh (Persian: كولانه‎, also Romanized as Kūlāneh; also known as Kolūneh) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kulaneh	Iran
country	Schloss Greifenstein is a castle in the mountainous Fraconian Switzerland (Fränkische Schweiz) region of Upper Franconia, Germany.	Schloss Greifenstein	Germany
country	Hua Hin Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานหัวหิน) (IATA: HHQ, ICAO: VTPH) is an airport serving Hua Hin, a town in the Prachuap Khiri Khan Province of Thailand.	Hua Hin Airport	Thailand
country	Wayunka (Quechua for ``bunch of bananas'', hispanicized spelling Huayunca) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Wayunka	Peru
country	Bongdam is a town in the city of Hwaseong in South Korea.	Bongdam	South Korea
country	Madzikane Ka Zulu Memorial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Mount Frere in the Alfred Nzo District of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Madzikane Ka Zulu Memorial Hospital	South Africa
country	Santa Ana de Velasco (or simply Santa Ana) is a small town in the Santa Cruz Department of the South American Andean Republic of Bolivia.	Santa Ana de Velasco	Bolivia
country	Ləkit Kötüklü (also, Lekit Këtyuklyu) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ləkit Kötüklü	Azerbaijan
country	Plužnje (pronounced (ˈpluːʒnjɛ)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Plužnje	Slovenia
country	Lower Bhavani Project Canal is a 201-kilometre (125 mi) long irrigation canal which runs in Erode district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Lower Bhavani Project Canal	India
country	Shkolnaya railway station (Russian: Ста́нция Шко́льная) is a railway station located near Sestroretsk (suburb of Saint Petersburg), Russia.	Shkolnaya railway station	Russia
country	Schuttrange (Luxembourgish: Schëtter, German: Schüttringen) is a commune and small town in southern Luxembourg.	Schuttrange	Luxembourg
country	Volissos (Greek: Βολισσός) is the largest village in the northwest part of Chios, Aegean Islands, Greece.	Volissos	Greece
country	Aidanfield is a new suburb in the south-west of Christchurch, New Zealand, about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from the city centre.	Aidanfield	New Zealand
country	Binnayaga Buddhist caves also known as Vinayaka or Vinayaga are located at village Binnayaga in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Binnayaga Buddhist caves	India
country	Haybusak University of Yerevan , (ArmenianԵրևանի Հայբուսակ Համալսարան) is a private university in Armenia	Haybusak University of Yerevan	Armenia
country	Baependi developed along the Estrada Real - the first major means of regular communication in Brazil which linked the mines to the port of Paraty in Rio de Janeiro from where gold was shipped to Europe.	Baependi	Brazil
country	Planten un Blomen is an urban park with a size of 47 hectares (116.1 acres) in the inner-city of Hamburg, Germany.	Planten un Blomen	Germany
country	The Lethbridge Sugar Kings were a founding junior ``A'' ice hockey team in the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) based in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Lethbridge Sugar Kings	Canada
country	Jönköping (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈjœnːˈɕøːpiŋ); pronunciation) is a city in southern Sweden with 61,559 inhabitants (2013).	Jönköping	Sweden
country	Jebel Barkal or Gebel Barkal (Arabic: جبل بركل‎) is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of Khartoum, in Karima town in Northern State in Sudan, on a large bend of the Nile River, in the region called Nubia.	Jebel Barkal	Sudan
country	Hasnarud (Persian: حسنارود‎, also Romanized as Ḩasnārūd, Ḩasnā Rūd, Ḩosnārūd, and Ḩasanā Rūd; also known as Hasanrūd) is a village in Neyasar Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasnarud	Iran
country	Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, is a large teaching hospital affiliated with Dalhousie University.	Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre	Canada
country	The Canal de Saint-Quentin is a canal in northern France connecting the canalised Escaut River in Cambrai to the Canal latéral à l'Oise and Canal de l'Oise à l'Aisne in Chauny	Canal de Saint-Quentin	France
country	Molla-Mustafa Jami Mosque is located Bakhchisaray, Crimea, Russia/Ukraine.	Molla-Mustafa Jami Mosque	Ukraine
country	Kani Qaleh (Persian: كاني قلعه‎, also Romanized as Kānī Qal``eh) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 23 families.	Kani Qaleh	Iran
country	Musan County is a county in central North Hamgyong province, North Korea.	Musan County	North Korea
country	The Arboretum Kalmthout is a botanical garden in Kalmthout, Belgium.	Arboretum Kalmthout	Belgium
country	Göran Karlsson's Motor Museum is a museum of classic cars and motorcycles, opened in Sweden in 2007.	Göran Karlsson's Motor Museum	Sweden
country	Mont de Gourze (924 metres (3,031 ft)) is a mountain in Switzerland, overlooking Lake Geneva in the canton of Vaud.	Mont de Gourze	Switzerland
country	Bicsa Financial Center, first named Ice Tower, then Star Bay Tower, is a 68-storey skyscraper in Avenida Balboa, Panama City.	Bicsa Financial Center	Panama
country	The Svecofennian orogeny is a series of related orogenies that resulted in the formation of much of the continental crust in what is today Sweden and Finland plus some minor parts of Russia.	Svecofennian orogeny	Sweden
country	The 1995 World Women's Handball Championship took place in Austria and Hungary 5--17 December 1995.	1995 World Women's Handball Championship	Hungary
country	Arkhust (Mongolian: Архуст) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Arkhust	Mongolia
country	The Art Gallery of Mississauga (AGM) is a public, not-for-profit art gallery in Mississauga, Canada.	Art Gallery of Mississauga	Canada
country	Vollmershain is a town in the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft of Oberes Sprottental in the Thuringian landkreis of Altenburger Land in Germany.	Vollmershain	Germany
country	Añaswayq'u (Quechua añas skunk, wayq'u valley, ``skunk valley'', hispanicized spelling Añashuayco) is a valley in the Arequipa Region in Peru, northwest of the city of Arequipa.	Añaswayq'u	Peru
country	The Hump Ridge Track (sometimes called the Tuatapere Humpridge Track) is located in the south east of Fiordland National Park, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Hump Ridge Track	New Zealand
country	Rampe is a village in Tõlliste Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia.	Rampe	Estonia
country	Finno is a settlement in Mandera County, Kenya.	Finno	Kenya
country	The Landtag of Bavaria (State Diet of Bavaria) is the unicameral legislature of the state of Bavaria in Germany.	Landtag of Bavaria	Germany
country	Olive Island Conservation Park is a protected area associated with Olive Island which is located off the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west-northwest of Streaky Bay.	Olive Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	Menipo, is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands in Indonesia which is separated from Timor Island by a narrow strait.	Menipo	Indonesia
country	Mampata is a large village in the Bafatá Region of central Guinea-Bissau.	Mampata	Guinea-Bissau
country	Dalby Norreskog is a nature reserve located close to Dalby and Lund in southern Sweden.	Dalby Norreskog	Sweden
country	Odense International Film Festival is a short film festival in Denmark that takes place every year in August.	Odense International Film Festival	Denmark
country	Mombacho is a stratovolcano in Nicaragua, near the city of Granada.	Mombacho	Nicaragua
country	Mateur (Tunisian Arabic: ماطر‎ Maṭer) is a town in northern Tunisia.	Mateur	Tunisia
country	Saint Maur International School, established in 1872 in Yokohama within the Greater Tokyo Area, is the oldest international school in Japan.	Saint Maur International School	Japan
country	Ccotanca or Ccotancca is a populated place in Huancavelica Region, Peru.	Ccotanca	Peru
country	Baranów Sandomierski (baˈranuf sandɔˈmʲɛrskʲi) is a small town in southern Poland, in the Subcarpathian Voivodship, Tarnobrzeg County on the Vistula River, with 1,440 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Baranów Sandomierski	Poland
country	Øster Allé (literally ``East Avenue'') is a street in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark, connecting Trianglen to Vibenhus Runddel.	Øster Allé	Denmark
country	North Farra know as well ``Alfaraah Al Shamaliayah'' الفرعة الشمالية``, is a small town located in the south-west region of Saudi Arabia.	North Farra	Saudi Arabia
country	Oliveira do Bairro (Portuguese pronunciation: (oliˈvɐjɾɐ ðu ˈβajʁu)) is a town and a municipality in the district of Aveiro in Portugal.	Oliveira do Bairro	Portugal
country	Rietavas Municipality is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania.	Rietavas Municipality	Lithuania
country	The Kyzyloi Field is a dry natural gas field in southern Kazakhstan about 65 kilometres (40 mi) to the north of the border with the Karalkalpak region of Uzbekistan and 55 kilometres (34 mi) to the north-west of the Aral Sea.	Kyzyloi Field	Kazakhstan
country	Nowy Patok (ˈnɔvɨ ˈpatɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Patok	Poland
country	Huize Sevenaer (Huis Sevenaer, Huize Zevenaar or Huis Seventer) is a castle farm in Zevenaar, the Netherlands.	Huize Sevenaer	Netherlands
country	The Lotto Cross Cup is an annual series of international cross country running competitions in Belgium.	Lotto Cross Cup	Belgium
country	Hhelehhele is a town in central Swaziland, ten kilometres east of Manzini.	Hhelehhele	Swaziland
country	Linz Hauptbahnhof or Linz Central Station is a railway station in Linz, the third largest city in Austria, and capital city of the federal state of Upper Austria.	Linz Hauptbahnhof	Austria
country	Burford Bridge Hotel is a historic hotel in the village of Mickleham, Surrey, England.	Burford Bridge Hotel	England
country	Meriç Bridge (Turkish: Meriç Köprüsü), aka Yeni Köprü, meaning New Bridge or Mecidiye Bridge, after Sultan Abdülmecid I, is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne, Turkey.	Meriç Bridge	Turkey
country	Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith (formerly known as Uttarpara English High School) which was established on 6 March 1939, is an institution located in Uttarpara, West bengal in India.	Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith	India
country	The Ober Gabelhorn (4063 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland, located between Zermatt and Zinal.	Ober Gabelhorn	Switzerland
country	Havetoftloit (Danish: Havetoftløjt) is a village and a former municipality in the Schleswig-Flensburg district, near the Baltic Sea in northern Germany.	Havetoftloit	Germany
country	Mount Bosavi is a mountain in the Southern Highlands province, Papua New Guinea.	Mount Bosavi	Papua New Guinea
country	Smederevska Palanka (Serbian Cyrillic: Смедеревска Паланка, pronounced (smɛ̂dɛrɛʋska pǎlaːŋka)) is a town and municipality located in Eastern Serbia.	Smederevska Palanka	Serbia
country	Olejua (Basque: Olexoa) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Olejua	Spain
country	Bašaid (Serbian Cyrillic: Башаид) is a village located in the Kikinda municipality, in the North Banat District of the Republic of Serbia.	Bašaid	Serbia
country	The Arboretum de Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes is an arboretum located in Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits, Vendée, Pays de la Loire, France.	Arboretum de Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes	France
country	Soragna is a town and comune in the province of Parma of northern Italy with a population of about 4,800.	Soragna	Italy
country	The Tepid Baths are historical indoor public pools in Auckland, New Zealand.	Tepid Baths	New Zealand
country	Kotogwanda (also spelled Koto Ngonda) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Kotogwanda	Ivory Coast
country	Kili Faqiran is a remote village in Balochistan province south-western Pakistan.	Kili Faqiran	Pakistan
country	Janabiyah (Arabic:الجنبية) is a village situated in the north-west of Bahrain, close to the Gulf of Bahrain.	Janabiyah	Bahrain
country	Barossa Reservoir is a reservoir in South Australia, built between 1899 and 1902 to supply water to Gawler and other northern country areas.	Barossa Reservoir	Australia
country	Narali (Urdu: نڑالى, Alternate spellings: Nirali) is one of the oldest and largest towns of Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab province of Pakistan.	Narali	Pakistan
country	Mont-Tremblant/Lac Duhamel Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSE8), was located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northwest of Mont-Tremblant, Quebec, Canada.	Mont-Tremblant/Lac Duhamel Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Samurçay (also, Samurçay) is a village in the municipality of Nabran in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Samurçay	Azerbaijan
country	Adéane is a small town and rural community in Senegal.	Adéane	Senegal
country	Zalesie Gorzyckie (zaˈlɛɕɛ ɡɔˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zalesie Gorzyckie	Poland
country	The Viti Levu Group in Fiji consists of the island of Viti Levu and its outliers, including Bau, Beqa, Nukulau, and Vatulele.	Viti Levu Group	Fiji
country	Pobuđe (Cyrillic: Побуђе) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pobuđe	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Es Skhul (meaning kids) (Arabic: السخول‎) is a cave site situated c. 20 kilometers south of the city of Haifa, Israel, and c. 3 kilometers from the Mediterranean Sea.	Es Skhul	Israel
country	Canovee is the name of a rural region and a village nucleus in the Lee valley, Co. Cork, Ireland.	Canovee	Ireland
country	Aviastar Flight 7503 (MV7503/VIT7503) was a scheduled 60-minute passenger charter flight, operated by Aviastar (Indonesia) en route from Andi Jemma Airport, Masamba, to Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport, Makassar, Indonesia.	Aviastar Flight 7503	Indonesia
country	Batu Gajah (population 34,000) is a city in Kinta District, Perak, Malaysia.	Batu Gajah	Malaysia
country	Greek National Road 15 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 15, abbreviated as EO15) is a single carriageway road in northern Greece.	Greek National Road 15	Greece
country	In July 2013, CHVR-FM was acquired by Bell Media, a subsidiary of Bell Canada (the company which already owns CTV and local CTV Two outlet CHRO-TV) as a result of a buyout of Astral Media.	CHVR-FM	Canada
country	Somman (Persian: صمان‎, also Romanized as Şommān, Şamān, and Somān) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Somman	Iran
country	Shah Bodagh (Persian: شاهبداغ‎, also Romanized as Shāh Bodāgh) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shah Bodagh	Iran
country	The Detmold Open-air Museum (German: LWL-Freilichtmuseum Detmold -- Westfälisches Landesmuseum für Volkskunde; English: ``LWL Open-air Museum Detmold -- Westphalian State Museum for Folkloristics'') is a museum at Detmold in the Ostwestfalen-Lippe region of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Detmold Open-air Museum	Germany
country	Lega Nord Valle d'Aosta (French: Ligue du Nord Vallée d'Aoste; English: Northern League Aosta Valley) is a regionalist political party in Aosta Valley, Italy.	Lega Nord Valle d'Aosta	Italy
country	In 1286, after four years of intense war, representatives of the republics of Lombardy and of northern-Italy free cities, arrived to Lomazzo to sign the Peace of Lomazzo, at the presence of Loterio Rusca, Lord of Como, and Ottone Visconti, Lord of Milan.	Lomazzo	Italy
country	Hatunmarka (Quechua hatun big, marka settlement / storey, ``big settlement'', hispanicized spelling Hatunmarca, Jatun Malca) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Hatunmarka	Peru
country	FC Saxan Gagauz Yeri is a Moldovan football club based in Ceadîr-Lunga, Gagauzia, Moldova.	FC Saxan	Moldova
country	Pelister National Park is a national park in the Municipality of Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.	Pelister National Park	Macedonia
country	Nabukjuak Bay is an arm of the Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Nabukjuak Bay	Canada
country	The Royal Palace of Turin (Italian: Palazzo Reale di Torino) is a historic palace of the House of Savoy in the city of Turin in Northern Italy.	Royal Palace of Turin	Italy
country	The Tonkünstler Orchestra (German: Tonkünstler-Orchesters Niederösterreich) is an Austrian orchestra based in Vienna and St. Pölten, Lower Austria.	Tonkünstler Orchestra	Austria
country	The Lunenburgh River is a perennial river in the South West region of Western Australia.	Lunenburgh River	Australia
country	Jeyhoonak-e Bala (Persian: جیحونک بالا ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jeyhoonak-e Bala	Iran
country	Padborg is well known in Denmark for its motorsport ring, Padborg Park, and the head offices of the large discount chain Fleggaard.	Padborg	Denmark
country	Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht ( pronunciation ) (population: 29,147 in 2014) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands.	Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht	Netherlands
country	P'yŏngch'ŏn Station is a freight-only railway station in P'yŏngch'ŏn-dong, P'yŏngch'ŏn-guyŏk, P'yŏngch'ŏn, North Korea.	P'yŏngch'ŏn Station	North Korea
country	Kyrkslätt Idrottsföreningen (abbreviated KyIF and also known as Kyrkslätt IF) is a sports club from Kirkkonummi, Finland.	Kyrkslätt Idrottsförening	Finland
country	The Taara Army Base (Estonian: Taara sõjaväelinnak) is a military installation of the Estonian Defence Forces located in Võru, in South Estonia.	Taara Army Base	Estonia
country	Lake Arapuni is one of several artificial lakes formed as part of a hydroelectricity scheme on the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Arapuni	New Zealand
country	Zwentendorf an der Donau is a small market municipality in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Zwentendorf	Austria
country	Platanistasa (Greek: Πλατανιστάσα) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 14 km southwest of Mitsero.	Platanistasa	Cyprus
country	Rąbierz-Kolonia (ˈrɔmbjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rąbierz-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Canal de la Bruche is a canal in eastern France that originally connected Soultz-les-Bains, near Molsheim, to the city of Strasbourg.	Canal de la Bruche	France
country	Grottaminarda is a town and comune in the province of Avellino (Campania), situated 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Naples, in the southwest of Italy.	Grottaminarda	Italy
country	The Rospuda (rɔsˈpuda) is a small river in north-eastern Poland.	Rospuda	Poland
country	Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Canada Hockey Place, home of the National Hockey League's Vancouver Canucks, and at UBC Winter Sports Centre, home of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport's UBC Thunderbirds.	Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Belhezar-e Bala (Persian: بلهزاربالا‎, also Romanized as Belhezār-e Bālā; also known as Belhezar-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 29 families.	Belhezar-e Bala	Iran
country	The John Crow Mountains are a range of mountains in Jamaica.	John Crow Mountains	Jamaica
country	Diban (Arabic: ذيبان‎, also spelled Thiban or Dhiban) is a town in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate, located along the eastern bank of the Euphrates River, south of Deir ez-Zor, 17 kilometers south of al-Busayrah and 13 kilomaters north of Asharah.	Diban	Syria
country	The Victorian Ornithological Research Group (VORG) is a small project-focused ornithological group of amateurs and professionals based in Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Ornithological Research Group	Australia
country	Bhood is a village in Khanapur tehsil of Sangli district in Maharashtra, India.	Bhood	India
country	Cserdi (Croatian: Čerda) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Cserdi	Hungary
country	Giannitsochori (Greek: Γιαννιτσοχώρι) is a village in the municipality of Zacharo, southern Elis, Greece.	Giannitsochori	Greece
country	Maroni (Greek: Μαρώνι; Turkish: Maroni) is village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus.	Maroni	Cyprus
country	The Latin American University of Science and Technology-Laureate International Universities (in Spanish: Universidad Latinoamericana de Ciencia y Tecnología) (ULACIT-LIU) is a private university located in Panama City, Panama.	Latin American University of Science and Technology	Panama
country	Pakhanjore (Hindi : पखांजूर) is a major Nagar Panchayat (Notified Area Council) city in the Kanker district (North Baster) of Chhattisgarh state, central India.	Pakhanjore	India
country	Amrud is a village located in the Darwaz area of Afghanistan, situated near the Amu Darya.	Amrud	Afghanistan
country	Waiuku is a country town in the Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand.	Waiuku	New Zealand
country	Grebenac (Serbian Cyrillic: Гребенац, Romanian: Grebenaț) is a village in Vojvodina, Serbia.	Grebenac	Serbia
country	The Diapori chain is a chain of three uninhabited islands in the Argosaronikos Gulf of Greece.	Diapori chain	Greece
country	The Point Hicks Marine National Park is a protected marine national park in situated off Point Hicks in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Point Hicks Marine National Park	Australia
country	Xonacatlán (in full, Xonacatlán de Vicencio) is a town and municipality in Mexico State in Mexico.	Xonacatlán	Mexico
country	The Ducal Palace of Guastalla (Palazzo Ducale di Guastalla or Palazzo Gonzaga di Guastalla) is an urban Renaissance-style palace in the town of Guastalla, a municipality in the Province of Reggio Emilia, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Ducal Palace of Guastalla	Italy
country	Dobroslavtsi Air Base or 1st Fighter Air Base Dobroslavtsi (Bulgarian: 1ва Изтребителна авиобаза Доброславци) is an air force facility near Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Dobroslavtsi Air Base	Bulgaria
country	Navoiy also spelled as Navoi (Uzbek: Navoiy / Навоий; Russian: Навои) is a city (pop 125,800 in 2007) and the capital of Navoiy Region in the southwestern part of Uzbekistan.	Navoiy	Uzbekistan
country	The Këlcyrë Gorge (Albanian: Gryka e Këlcyrës) is a gorge in southern Albania created by the river Vjosë, near the town of Këlcyrë.	Këlcyrë Gorge	Albania
country	Niesulów (ɲeˈsuluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niesulów	Poland
country	Küttigkofen is a former municipality in the district of Bucheggberg, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland.	Küttigkofen	Switzerland
country	Leisure Time Party (Swedish: Fritidspartiet), is a local political party in Vallentuna, Sweden.	Leisure Time Party	Sweden
country	Polotsk Airport (also Polotsk South) is an airport in Belarus, located 9 km south of Polotsk.	Polotsk Airport	Belarus
country	Dyurtyuli (Russian: Дюртюли; Bashkir: Дүртөйлө, Dürtöylö) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the left bank of the Belaya River 126 kilometers (78 mi) northwest of Ufa.	Dyurtyuli	Russia
country	The Ida Valley lies east of the Manuherikia Valley in Central Otago, New Zealand.	Ida Valley	New Zealand
date of death	Sao Nang Hearn Kham, Daw Hearn Kham (b. 26 May 1916 in Hsenwi - d. 17 January 2003 in Canada) was the Mahadevi of Yawnghwe one of the most important Shan States.	Sao Nang Hearn Kham	17 January 2003
date of death	George Ashmore Fitch (1883--1979) was an American Protestant missionary in China, the Young Men's Christian Association, Nanking Safety Zone International Committee Administrative Director, and the grandfather of politician George B. Fitch.	George Ashmore Fitch	1979
date of death	Juan de Cartagena (died c. 1520) was a Spanish accountant and major participant in Ferdinand Magellan's quest to find a western sea route to the Spice Islands.	Juan de Cartagena	1520
date of death	Enrique Plancarte Solís (14 September 1970 -- 31 March 2014) was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel, a drug cartel headquartered in the state of Michoacán.	Enrique Plancarte Solís	31 March 2014
date of death	Sir Herbert Mackworth, 1st Baronet (1 January 1737 -- 25 October 1791) was a British landowner and politician.	Sir Herbert Mackworth, 1st Baronet	25 October 1791
date of death	Tony Viramontes (1960 - 1988) was an American fashion and beauty illustrator trained in New York, who found success in Europe.	Tony Viramontes	1988
date of death	Malcolm Vaughan (22 March 1929 -- 9 February 2010) was a Welsh traditional pop music singer and actor.	Malcolm Vaughan	9 February 2010
date of death	Ercole Gaetano Bertuzzi (Bologna, 1668-1710) was an Italian painter of history during the late Baroque period.	Ercole Gaetano Bertuzzi	1710
date of death	Frederick Lucian Hosmer (1840--1929) was an American Unitarian minister who served congregations in Massachusetts, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, and California and who wrote many significant hymns.	Frederick Lucian Hosmer	1929
date of death	Sultan Ali Ri'ayat Syah III (died 4 April 1607) was the eleventh Sulṭān of Acèh Darussalam in northern Sumatra.	Ali Ri'ayat Syah III	4 April 1607
date of death	Joseph Fawcett (c. 1758 -- 24 January 1804) was an 18th-century English Presbyterian minister and poet.	Joseph Fawcett	1804
date of death	Bartolomeo Montalbano (c. 1598 - before 18 March 1651, Venice) was an Italian Baroque composer.	Bartolomeo Montalbano	18 March 1651
date of death	Bob Kamps (1931--2005) was an American rock climber whose climbing career spanned five decades.	Bob Kamps	2005
date of death	Captain Frans Jansen Bloetgoet (Anglicized to Francis Bloodgood) (c. 1623 - 29 December 1676) was a Netherlander who immigrated to Flushing, Queens, He is the ancestor of the American Bloodgood family.	Frans Jansen Bloetgoet	1676
date of death	Charles Dibdin (before 4 March 1745 -- 25 July 1814) was a British musician, dramatist, novelist and actor.	Charles Dibdin	25 July 1814
date of death	Dosabhai Framji Karaka (1829 -- 1902) was an Indian newspaper editor and official, known for his history of the Parsis.	Dosabhai Framji Karaka	1902
date of death	Carlo Frigerio (April 5, 1763 -- 5 December 1800) was an Italian painter, and a pupil of Santo Cattaneo.	Carlo Frigerio	5 December 1800
date of death	Maurice Harris Newmark (March 3, 1859 - 1929) was a US grocer and writer from Los Angeles, California.	Maurice Harris Newmark	1929
date of death	Joseph Rimmer (6 January 1925 -- 9 July 2011) was an English cricketer who played for first class cricket for Derbyshire in 1949.	Joseph Rimmer	9 July 2011
date of death	Ela of Salisbury, 3rd Countess of Salisbury (1187 -- 24 August 1261) was a wealthy English heiress and the suo jure Countess of Salisbury, having succeeded to the title in 1196 upon the death of her father, William FitzPatrick, 2nd Earl of Salisbury.	Ela of Salisbury, 3rd Countess of Salisbury	24 August 1261
date of death	Edmund Stonelake (1873--1960) was a Welsh local politician and a prominent figure in establishing the Labour Party in Aberdare and the Merthyr Boroughs parliamentary constituency.	Edmund Stonelake	1960
date of death	Adolph Gregory Schmitt,C.M.M. (20 April 1905 -- 5 December 1976) was German Prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Adolph Gregory Schmitt	5 December 1976
date of death	Barnabas Gooch or Goche or Gough (died c 1626) was an English lawyer and academic who was Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge from 1611 to 1612.	Barnabas Gooch	1626
date of death	Edwin Carolan (died 22 January 1982) was a Gaelic footballer for Cavan.	Edwin Carolan	22 January 1982
date of death	Edward Denis de Vitre (24 March 1806 -- 4 October 1878) was an English physician, twice mayor of Lancaster, England, and one of the founders of the Royal Albert Hospital (originally The Royal Albert Asylum for Idiots and Imbeciles of the Northern Counties) in Lancaster.	Edward Denis de Vitre	4 October 1878
date of death	František Reichentál (May 6, 1895 -- April 2, 1971), also known as Frank/Ferenc, Reichenthal/Reichen-tal, was an Jewish Eastern European modern artist.	František Reichentál	1971
date of death	Clark Thomas Rogerson, (2 October 1918 -- 7 September 2001), was an American mycologist.	Clark Thomas Rogerson	7 September 2001
date of death	Catherine of Bosnia (Serbo-Croatian: Katarina Kosača/Катарина Косача; 1424/August 1425 -- 25 October 1478) was Queen of Bosnia as the wife of King Stephen Thomas, the penultimate Bosnian sovereign.	Catherine of Bosnia	25 October 1478
date of death	Sir Gerard Braybrooke I (c.1332-1403), of Colmworth, Bedfordshire and Horsenden, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	Gerard Braybrooke I	1403
date of death	Sir William Portus Cullen KCMG (28 May 1855 -- 6 April 1935) was Chief Justice of New South Wales, Australia.	William Portus Cullen	6 April 1935
date of death	Sir William Verner, 1st Baronet, KCH (25 October 1782 -- 20 January 1871), was a British soldier who served in the Napoleonic wars, was wounded at the Battle of Waterloo and resigned a Colonel.	Sir William Verner, 1st Baronet	20 January 1871
date of death	Sir Edward German (17 February 1862 -- 11 November 1936) was an English musician and composer of Welsh descent, best remembered for his extensive output of incidental music for the stage and as a successor to Arthur Sullivan in the field of English comic opera.	Edward German	11 November 1936
date of death	Pencho Georgiev (Bulgarian: Пенчо Георгиев; 1 February 1900, Vratsa - 2 April 1940, Sofia) was a Bulgarian painter, scenographer and illustrator; especially of children's books.	Pencho Georgiev	2 April 1940
date of death	Mary Austin Holley (1784--1846) was an American historical writer best known as the author of the first known English-language history of Texas, Texas (1833), expanded in 1836 into History of Texas.	Mary Austin Holley	1846
date of death	Yona Kesse (Hebrew: יונה כסה‎, born 1907, died 27 June 1985) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1965.	Yona Kesse	27 June 1985
date of death	Robert Lucas, 3rd Baron Lucas (c.1649 -- 31 January 1705) was an English nobleman and army officer.	Robert Lucas, 3rd Baron Lucas	31 January 1705
date of death	Air Vice Marshal Sir Geoffrey Rhodes Bromet KBE, CB, DSO, DL (28 August 1891 -- 16 November 1983) was a senior Royal Air Force (RAF) officer during the Second World War and Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man from 1945 to 1952.	Geoffrey Rhodes Bromet	16 November 1983
date of death	William Stapper (fl. 1386), of Reading, Berkshire, was an English politician.	William Stapper	1386
date of death	Johannes Rach (1720 -- 4 August 1783) was a Danish painter and draughtsman whose works from Copenhagen and Indonesia are a valuable source of architectural and cultural historic knowledge.	Johannes Rach	4 August 1783
date of death	Bert Hobson (c. 1890 -- 1963) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a defender.	Bert Hobson	1963
date of death	Jørgen Ravn, alternatively spelled Jørn Ravn, (3 June 1940 -- 4 June 2015) was a Danish football player.	Jørgen Ravn	4 June 2015
date of death	Augustus Clissold (c.1797--1882) was an English Anglican priest, known as a Swedenborgian active in later life in publishing on behalf of his views.	Augustus Clissold	1882
date of death	Ferenc Talányi (born Ferenc Temlin, Slovene: Franc Talanyi, or Talanji) (23 May 1883 -- 9 July 1959) was a Slovene (Prekmurian) writer, journalist, and painter.	Ferenc Talányi	9 July 1959
date of death	Nichimoku (日目, 1260--1333) was a disciple of Nichiren who sided with Nikkō in creating the Fuji lineage.	Nichimoku	1333
date of death	Austin Coates (1922--1997) was a British civil servant, writer and traveller.	Austin Coates	1997
date of death	Kjell Aukrust (19 March 1920 -- 24 December 2002) was a Norwegian author, poet and artist.	Kjell Aukrust	24 December 2002
date of death	Gerardo Allucingoli (died 1208) was an Italian cardinal and cardinal-nephew of Pope Lucius III, who elevated him in 1182.	Gerardo Allucingoli	1208
date of death	Paritala Ravindra (Telugu: పరిటాల రవీంద్ర; 30 August 1958 -- 24 January 2005), popularly known as ``Paritala Ravi'', was an Indian politician in the state of Andhra Pradesh.	Paritala Ravindra	24 January 2005
date of death	Alfred Walter Stewart (September 1880 -- 1 July 1947) was a British chemist and part-time novelist who wrote seventeen detective novels and a pioneering science fiction work between 1923 and 1947 under the pseudonym of JJ Connington.	Alfred Walter Stewart	1 July 1947
date of death	Väinö Liikkanen (1 November 1903 -- 15 October 1957) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1920s and 1930s.	Väinö Liikkanen	15 October 1957
date of death	Ezequiel Pedro Paz or José Clemente Paz Ezequiel Diaz (1871--1953) was an Argentine journalist.	Ezequiel Pedro Paz	1953
date of death	Friedrich Adolph Lampe (18 February 1683 -- 8 December 1729) was a German Pietist pastor, theologian and professor of dogmatics.	Friedrich Adolph Lampe	8 December 1729
date of death	Hans Georg Friedrich Groß, (4 May 1860 - 27 February 1924), was a German balloonist and airship constructor.	Hans Georg Friedrich Groß	27 February 1924
date of death	Hayâlî (خيالى) (1500?--1557) was the pen name (Ottoman Turkish: ﻡﺨﻠﺺ mahlas) of an Ottoman Turkish poet.	Hayâlî	1557
date of death	Eddie DeLange (15 January 1904 - 15 July 1949) was an American bandleader and lyricist.	Eddie DeLange	15 July 1949
date of death	Giridharilal Kedia (Hindi: गिरिधारिलाला केदिया Odia: ଗିରିଧାରିଲାଲ କେଡ଼ିଆ) (25 August 1936 -- 19 December 2009) was an Indian well known social entrepreneur.	Giridharilal Kedia	19 December 2009
date of death	Sidney Lambert (1838--1905) was a black American pianist, music educator and composer, born before the American Civil War as a free person of color.	Sidney Lambert	1905
date of death	Hans Kurath (13 December 1891 -- 2 January 1992) was an American linguist of Austrian origin.	Hans Kurath	2 January 1992
date of death	Bhavabhushan Mitra, or Bhaba Bhusan Mitter, alias Swami Satyananda Puri (1881--1970) was a Bengali Indian freedom fighter and an influential social worker.	Bhavabhushan Mitra	1970
date of death	Major General Charles Frederick Cox CB, CMG, DSO, VD (2 May 1863 -- 20 November 1944) was an Australian Army officer and politician.	Charles Frederick Cox	20 November 1944
date of death	Domnell mac Áedh Ó Flaithbheartaigh, leader of Iar Connacht and Chief of the Name, died 1410.	Domnell mac Áedh Ó Flaithbheartaigh	1410
date of death	John Manuel Cook (1910--1994) was a British classical archaeologist.	John Manuel Cook	1994
date of death	Alan Nunn May (2 May 1911 -- 12 January 2003) was a British physicist, and a confessed and convicted Soviet spy, who supplied secrets of British and United States atomic research to the Soviet Union during World War II.	Alan Nunn May	12 January 2003
date of death	Einar Skjæraasen (23 July 1900 -- 18 June 1966) was a Norwegian author and poet, a longtime resident of Trysil.	Einar Skjæraasen	18 June 1966
date of death	Roman Hinderer (in Chinese called Te) (21 September 1668 -- 24 August 1744) was a German Jesuit missionary in imperial China.	Roman Hinderer	24 August 1744
date of death	George Stanley Repton (died 1858) was an English architect.	George Stanley Repton	1858
date of death	Abba Hushi (Hebrew: אבא חושי‎; born Abba Schneller; 1898 -- 24 March 1969) was an Israeli politician who served as mayor of Haifa for eighteen years between 1951 to 1969.	Abba Hushi	24 March 1969
date of death	Giacomo II Crispo (or Jacopo) (1426--1447) was the thirteenth Duke of the Archipelago, etc., from 1433 to 1447, son of twelfth Duke John II Crispo and wife Nobil Donna Francesca Morosini, Patrizia Veneta.	Giacomo II Crispo	1447
date of death	Marcin Mielczewski (c. 1600 -- September 1651) was, together with his tutor Franciszek Lilius and Bartłomiej Pękiel, among the most notable Polish composers in the 17th century.	Marcin Mielczewski	September 1651
date of death	George Sweet (1844 -- 1920) was an English-born Australian geologist, president of the Royal Society of Victoria in 1905.	George Sweet	1920
date of death	Christiane Eberhardine of Brandenburg-Bayreuth (19 December 1671 -- 4 September 1727) was Electress of Saxony from 1694 to 1727 (her death) and titular Queen of the Polish--	Christiane Eberhardine of Brandenburg-Bayreuth	4 September 1727
date of death	Wang Ju-Rong (1928--2006) was a Chinese-Muslim martial artist and Wushu professor in the Shanghai Institute of Physical Education.	Wang Ju-Rong	2006
date of death	Saint Magnus of Avignon (French: Saint Magne) (died 660) was a bishop and governor of Avignon, his native city.	Magnus of Avignon	660
date of death	Atef Salem (Arabic: عاطف سالم‎; 23 July 1927 -- 30 July 2002) was an Egyptian film director.	Atef Salem	30 July 2002
date of death	Air Chief Marshal Sir Brendan Jackson GCB (23 August 1935 -- 19 November 1998) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Deputy Commander of RAF Strike Command.	Brendan Jackson	19 November 1998
date of death	William Spencer Anderson (c. 1832 -- 27 September 1872) was an American-born Liberian politician and explorer.	William Spencer Anderson	27 September 1872
date of death	John Bright (16 November 1811 -- 27 March 1889), Quaker, was a British Radical and Liberal statesman, one of the greatest orators of his generation and a promoter of free trade policies.	John Bright	27 March 1889
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal Albert Earl Godfrey MC (27 July 1890 --1 January 1982) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 14 victories while flying for the Royal Flying Corps.	Albert Earl Godfrey	1 January 1982
date of death	Walter Barfuss (4 February 1955 -- 24 July 1999) was a West German bobsledder who competed in the late 1970s.	Walter Barfuss	24 July 1999
date of death	Jan Czochralski (pronounced as YAN choh-RAL-skee, Polish pronunciation: ('jan t͡ʂɔ'xralskʲi); 23 October 1885 -- 22 April 1953) was a Polish chemist who invented the Czochralski process, which is used for growing single crystals and in the production of semiconductor wafers.	Jan Czochralski	22 April 1953
date of death	Ellis Loring Dresel (November 28, 1865 -- September 19, 1925) was an American lawyer and diplomat.	Ellis Loring Dresel	1925
date of death	Uglješa Kojadinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Угљеша Којадиновић; 14 February 1936 - 20 June 1982) was a Serbian, Croatian and Yugoslav actor.	Uglješa Kojadinović	20 June 1982
date of death	Frederik Nannestad (21 October 1693--11 August 1774) was a Norwegian theologian and bishop.	Frederik Nannestad	11 August 1774
date of death	Nancy Spender (1909--2001) was a British painter, described on her death as ``much underrated''.	Nancy Spender	2001
date of death	Hans Lietzau (2 September 1913 -- 30 November 1991) was a German theatre director, actor, and producer.	Hans Lietzau	30 November 1991
date of death	Harvey B. Hurd (1828--1906) was a prominent Chicago lawyer, abolitionist, and social reformer.	Harvey B. Hurd	1906
date of death	Bernard Ato IV (died 1129) was the Viscount of Nîmes of the Trencavel family from 1074 to his death.	Bernard Ato IV	1129
date of death	Albert Micajah Shipp (1819-1887) was an American Methodist minister and university administrator.	Albert Micajah Shipp	1887
date of death	Sir Christopher Hales (died 1541) was an English judge and Master of the Rolls.	Christopher Hales	1541
date of death	John Shaw, Sr. (1776--1832) was an English architect related to the Shaw and Hardwick family, and one of the first architects to draw up plans for semi-detached housing in London.	John Shaw, Sr.	1832
date of death	Joseph Timothy Haydn (died 17 January 1856), compiler of dictionaries, was well known as the author of the ``Dictionary of Dates'', 1841 (19th edition, 1889), and of the ``Book of Dignities'', 1851 (3rd revised edition, 1894).	Joseph Timothy Haydn	17 January 1856
date of death	Edward Prentice Mawson (1885, Ambleside, Westmorland -- 22 December 1954, Lancaster) was the eldest of the nine children of Thomas Hayton Mawson, and, like his father a British garden designer, landscape architect, and town planner.	Edward Prentice Mawson	22 December 1954
date of death	Hans Boije af Gennäs (died 1 January 1573) was a Swedish commander for the fortification at Weissenstein in present-day Paide in Estonia, during the time of the Nordic twentyfive year war start.	Hans Boije af Gennäs	1 January 1573
date of death	Gordon Arthur Riley (11 June 1911 -- 7 October 1985) was an American biological oceanographer most associated with his studies of the dynamics of plankton ecosystems.	Gordon Arthur Riley	7 October 1985
date of death	Gerald Henry Rendall (1851--1945) was an English educator and college administrator, born at Harrow, where his father was assistant master.	Gerald Henry Rendall	1945
date of death	Norton Chase (September 3, 1861 Albany, New York -- 1922) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Norton Chase	1922
date of death	Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland KG (c. 1449 -- 28 April 1489) was an English aristocrat during the Wars of the Roses.	Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland	28 April 1489
date of death	Geoffrey R. Waters (1948--2007) was an American poet, and translator.	Geoffrey R. Waters	2007
date of death	Alfred H. Grebe (1895-October 24, 1935) was a pioneer in the radio broadcasting field.	Alfred H. Grebe	1935
date of death	Sir John Swynnerton (died 8 December 1616) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1611.	John Swynnerton	8 December 1616
date of death	Alexander Forbes, 4th Lord Forbes of Pitsligo (1678--1762) was a Scottish Jacobite nobleman and refugee, also known as a writer.	Alexander Forbes, 4th Lord Forbes	1762
date of death	Ernesto Levorati (Padua, 1880-1920) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects set in period costumes of the earlier Venetian centuries.	Ernesto Levorati	1920
date of death	Edward Perronet (1726 -- 2 January 1792) was the son of an Anglican priest, who worked closely with Anglican priest John Wesley and his brother Charles Wesley for many years in England's eighteenth century revival.	Edward Perronet	2 January 1792
date of death	Richard Percival Lister, known simply as R. P. Lister (23 November 1914 -- 1 May 2014), was an English author, poet, artist and metallurgist.	Richard Percival Lister	1 May 2014
date of death	John Smith de Burgh, 11th Earl of Clanricarde, (11 November 1720 -- 21 April 1782) was an Irish peer.	John Smith de Burgh, 11th Earl of Clanricarde	21 April 1782
date of death	Sir Donald Fergusson, GCB (26 August 1891 -- 4 March 1963) was a British civil servant who as Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Agriculture had directed the Food Production Campaign during the Second World War.	Donald Fergusson	4 March 1963
date of death	Iravikkutti Pillai (1603--1635) was a great Commander-in-Chief of the Venad Kingdom of South Kerala in India.	Iravikkutti Pillai	1635
date of death	Elizabeth, Countess de Gramont (née Hamilton; 1640 -- 3 June 1708), was an Irish-born courtier and a lady-in-waiting (Dame du Palais) to Louis XIV's queen consort, Maria Theresa of Spain.	Elizabeth, Countess de Gramont	3 June 1708
date of death	Gwenddoleu ap Ceidio (died c. 573) or Gwenddolau was a Brythonic king who ruled in Arfderydd (now Arthuret).	Gwenddoleu ap Ceidio	573
date of death	Kamakahukilani Von Oelhoffen (1935--1999) was a Native Hawaiian educator, poet, and activist known for her repeated assertion of the rights of indigenous cultural practice.	Kamakahukilani	1999
date of death	Joseph Devonsher Jackson PC (23 June 1783 -- 19 December 1857) was an Irish Conservative MP in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge.	Joseph Devonsher Jackson	19 December 1857
date of death	Louis Salvérius, also known as Salvérius or Salve (Soignies, 1 April 1930 - 22 May 1972) was a Walloon comics artist.	Louis Salvérius	22 May 1972
date of death	Sir Christopher More (c.1483--16 August 1549) was an English administrator, landowner, and Member of Parliament.	Christopher More	16 August 1549
date of death	Nathan Krinsky, also known as Nat Krinsky, (8 January 1899 -- 8 May 1984) was born to Russian immigrants and was a professional basketball player.	Nat Krinsky	8 May 1984
date of death	Merrill Blosser (May 28, 1892 -- 1983) was the creator of the comic strip Freckles and His Friends, which had a long run (1915--71).	Merrill Blosser	1983
date of death	Sir William Ashburnham, 5th Baronet (5 March 1739 -- 21 August 1823) was a British politician.	Sir William Ashburnham, 5th Baronet	21 August 1823
date of death	Johann Matthias Gesner (9 April 1691 -- 3 August 1761) was a German classical scholar and schoolmaster.	Johann Matthias Gesner	3 August 1761
date of death	Elma Napier (née Gordon-Cumming; 23 March 1892 -- 12 November 1973), also known as Elma Gibbs and by the pen-name Elizabeth Garner, was a Scottish-born writer and politician who lived most of her life in the Caribbean island of Dominica.	Elma Napier	1973
date of death	Muhammad Said al-Attar (محمد سعيد العطار) (2005--1927) was the acting Prime Minister of Yemen for five months in 1994.	Muhammad Said al-Attar	2005
date of death	Nathaniel Gow (1763--1831) was the fourth son of Niel Gow, and a celebrated performer, composer and arranger of tunes, songs and other pieces on his own right.	Nathaniel Gow	1831
date of death	Gan of Balhae (died 818) (r. 817--818) was king of Balhae.	Gan of Balhae	818
date of death	Hideki Richard Okada (2 July 1945 -- 4 April 2012) was Professor of Japanese at Princeton University, in the East Asian Studies Department.	Richard Okada	4 April 2012
date of death	Sir Richard de Exeter (died 1327) was an Anglo-Irish knight and baron.	Sir Richard de Exeter	1327
date of death	Rai Bahadur Daya Ram Sahni CIE (16 December 1879 -- 7 March 1939) was an Indian archaeologist who supervised the excavation of the Indus valley site at Harappa in 1921-22.	Daya Ram Sahni	7 March 1939
date of death	Alberico da Romano (1196 -- 26 August 1260), called Alberico II, was an Italian condottiero, troubadour, and an alternatingly Guelph and Ghibelline statesman.	Alberico da Romano	26 August 1260
date of death	Joseph Sobek (1918--1998) was an American inventor who invented racquetball.	Joseph Sobek	1998
date of death	Alexander Bogen (Hebrew: אלכסנדר בוגן‎; born January 24, 1916 -- October 20, 2010) was a Polish-Israeli artist, painter, sculptor, stage designer, book illustrator and a commander partisan during World War II.	Alexander Bogen	2010
date of death	Karin Gunvor Sjöblom Hägglund (2 March 1932 -- 19 August 2011), better known as Gun Hägglund, was a Swedish television host and translator.	Gun Hägglund	19 August 2011
date of death	Jack Bee Garland (9 December 1869 -- 19 September 1936) was a trans man, author, nurse and adventurer.	Jack Bee Garland	19 September 1936
date of death	Nathaniel Davison (c.1736--1809) was an English diplomat, known for his writings on Egyptian archaeology.	Nathaniel Davison	1809
date of death	Francis Stephen Cary (10 May 1808 -- 6 January 1880) was an English painter and art teacher who succeeded Henry Sass as the head of Sass's art academy.	Francis Stephen Cary	6 January 1880
date of death	Sir Bevil Granville (died 1706) was an English soldier who served as Governor of Pendennis Castle in Cornwall and as Governor of Barbados.	Bevil Granville	1706
date of death	Guido Fibbia (1 October 1917 -- 1 July 1988) was an Italian Second World War fighter pilot in the Regia Aeronautica and in the Aeronautica Nazionale Repubblicana.	Guido Fibbia	1 July 1988
date of death	Sir James Long, 2nd Baronet (c. 1617 -- 22 January 1692) was an English politician and Royalist soldier.	Sir James Long, 2nd Baronet	22 January 1692
date of death	Arthur Midy is a French painter born on 18 March 1877 in Saint-Quentin and died on 18 March 1944 in Le Faouët.	Arthur Midy	1944
date of death	Terry Major-Ball (2 July 1932 -- 13 March 2007) was the elder brother of the former British Prime Minister John Major, who during his brother's seven-year premiership had a brief career as a television and radio personality and newspaper columnist.	Terry Major-Ball	13 March 2007
date of death	Andrew Vivian (1759--1842) was a British mechanical engineer, inventor, and mine captain of the Dolcoath mine in Cornwall, England.	Andrew Vivian	1842
date of death	Lord George Gordon (26 December 1751 -- 12 November 1793) was a British politician best known for lending his name to the Gordon Riots of 1780.	Lord George Gordon	12 November 1793
date of death	Egon Eis, born Egon Eisler (6 October 1910 -- 6 September 1994) was an Austrian screenwriter.	Egon Eis	6 September 1994
date of death	Malinovskii Ioanikii Aleksieevich (04 (16). ХІ.1868, Ostroh of Volyn guberniya -- 12. І. 1932, Kyiv) -- historian of law, legal scholar, academician of All-Ukrainian Academy of Sciences (Ukr. Abbr. ``VUAN'').	Malinovskii Ioanikii Aleksieevich	1932
date of death	Baldwin FitzGilbert (died 1090) (alias Baldwin the Sheriff, Baldwin of Exeter, Baldwin de Meulles/Moels and Baldwin du Sap) was an Anglo-Norman magnate and one of the 52 Devon Domesday Book tenants-in-chief of King William the Conqueror.	Baldwin FitzGilbert	1090
date of death	Aodh mac Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair, Prince of Connacht and Irish Crusader, died 1219.	Aodh mac Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Conchobair	1219
date of death	Philip Dixon Hardy (1794 - 1875) was an Irish poet, bookseller, printer and publisher.	Philip Dixon Hardy	1875
date of death	Johanne Reutz Gjermoe ( 4 January 1896 -- 4 February 1989) was a Norwegian economist and politician, a proponent for women's rights and peace activist.	Johanne Reutz Gjermoe	4 February 1989
date of death	Hugh Holmes QC (17 February 1840 -- 19 April 1916) was an Irish Conservative Party then after 1886 a Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge of the High Court and Court of Appeal in Ireland.	Hugh Holmes	19 April 1916
date of death	Rowland De Winton Aldridge (1906--1997) (commonly known as Winton Aldridge) was a British architect, architectural historian and artist.	Winton Aldridge	1997
date of death	Lucius Israel Barber (October 7, 1806 - February 16, 1889) was a politician in the Wisconsin Territory and Connecticut.	Lucius Israel Barber	1889
date of death	Anastasia of Greater Poland (Polish: Anastazja Mieszkówna; b. ca. 1164 - d. aft. 31 May 1240), was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast and by marriage Duchess of Pomerania.	Anastasia of Greater Poland	1240
date of death	Sava Dobroplodni (Bulgarian: Сава Доброплодни; 3 December 1820 -- 19 April 1894), born Sava Hadzhiiliev (Сава Хаджиилиев), was a Bulgarian writer, teacher and theatrical worker of the Bulgarian National Revival and an honorary member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.	Sava Dobroplodni	1894
date of death	Mary Melissa Hoadley Dodge (1861 -- 24 December 1934) was an American heiress who moved to England and sponsored many causes during her life, including women's suffrage, Theosophy and the arts.	Mary Melissa Hoadley Dodge	24 December 1934
date of death	Giles of Lessines OP (died c. 1304) was a thirteenth-century Dominican scholastic philosopher, a pupil of Thomas Aquinas.	Giles of Lessines	1304
date of death	John Minter Morgan (1782--1854), was an author and philanthropist.	John Minter Morgan	1854
date of death	Yrjö Norta (originally Nyberg, 18 March 1904 -- 11 November 1988) was a Finnish film director, screenwriter, editor, cinematographer and sound editor.	Yrjö Norta	11 November 1988
date of death	Pandeli Sotiri (1842--1892) was an Albanian activist that acted as director of the first Albanian school of modern times in Korçë.	Pandeli Sotiri	1892
date of death	J. Nicholas Podier (died 1 July 1988) was a Liberian soldier and government official in the 1980s.	Nicholas Podier	1 July 1988
date of death	Johann Friedrich Krummnow (or Krumnow) (1811 -- 3 October 1880) was a German-born settler in Australia.	Johann Friedrich Krummnow	3 October 1880
date of death	Joseph Bernard Clark (1868-1940) was a British ornamental plasterer and co-founder of the specialist plasterwork company of Clark & Fenn.	Joseph Bernard Clark	1940
date of death	Frank Edward Tylecote CBE (23 May 1879 -- 7 October 1965) was a British doctor, and one of the first physicians to draw attention to the connection between smoking and lung cancer.	Frank Edward Tylecote	7 October 1965
date of death	Jan Baptist van Heil (1604 in Brussels --1685) was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Jan Baptist van Heil	1685
date of death	Sir William Carson (baptised 4 June 1770 -- 26 February 1843), often called ``The Great Reformer'', was an important doctor and businessman in Newfoundland.	William Carson	26 February 1843
date of death	Sayyid Baraka (1343--1403) was a holy man of the commercial city of Tirmidh, and spiritual teacher and friend to the 14th century warlord Timur.	Sayyid Baraka	1403
date of death	Philip George Houthem Gell (20 October 1914 -- 3 May 2001) was an immunologist working in postwar Britain.	Philip George Houthem Gell	3 May 2001
date of death	Iacob Dybwad Sømme (5 September 1898 -- 3 March 1944) was a Norwegian ichthyologist and resistance member.	Iacob Dybwad Sømme	3 March 1944
date of death	Czeslaw Znamierowski (23 May 1890 -- 9 August 1977) was a renowned Soviet Lithuanian painter, known for his large artworks and love of nature.	Czeslaw Znamierowski	9 August 1977
date of death	Charles Edward Sims (4 May 1925 - 8 August 1983) was the State Librarian of Kansas from 1973 to 1975.	Charles Edward Sims	8 August 1983
date of death	William Galeon (died 1507), was a learned English Augustinian.	William Galeon	1507
date of death	Mariangiola Criscuolo (c. 1548--1630) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in her natal city of Naples.	Mariangiola Criscuolo	1630
date of death	J. Vreeland Moore (1824-- July 8, 1903) was a brigadier general of the 1st New Jersey Regiment who played a major role in the history of Leonia, New Jersey.	J. Vreeland Moore	1903
date of death	John Hayls, also Hailes (1600--1679), was an English Baroque-era portrait painter, principally known for his portrait of Samuel Pepys.	John Hayls	1679
date of death	Rev. Hamnet Holditch, also spelled Hamnett Holditch (1800 -- 12 December 1867), was an English mathematician who was president of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.	Hamnet Holditch	1867
date of death	Geoffrey de Burgh (c. 1180 -- 8 December 1228) was a medieval Bishop of Ely.	Geoffrey de Burgh	8 December 1228
date of death	Carlo Portelli (died 1574) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Florence.	Carlo Portelli	1574
date of death	Alexander Brownlie Docharty (1862-1940) was a Scottish painter, mainly in oils.	Alexander Brownlie Docharty	1940
date of death	Henry Hayes Vowles (born at Victoria Park Farm, 26 June 1843, Bath, England and died 13 November 1905, Gloucester, England) was an English author, theologian and a Wesleyan Minister.	Henry Hayes Vowles	13 November 1905
date of death	İsfendiyar Bey (full name: İzzettin İsfendiyar) was the bey (ruler) of Candaroğlu Beylik an Anatolian beylik between 1385 and 1440.	İsfendiyar Bey	1440
date of death	Giovanni Battista Crivelli (died March 1652) was an Italian composer.	Giovanni Battista Crivelli	March 1652
date of death	Virginia Wales Johnson (28 December 1849, in Brooklyn, New York -- 16 January 1916) was a United States novelist.	Virginia Wales Johnson	16 January 1916
date of death	Sulim Yamadayev was shot in Dubai on 28 March 2009, and died in hospital on 30 March 2009.	Sulim Yamadayev	28 March 2009
date of death	Lydia Gould (born 1952-1957) is a racing cyclist specialising in cross country and marathon mountain bike racing, and is a prolific medallist at the national championships and national points series.	Lydia Gould	1957
date of death	George Thomas Bryan Palmer (1899--1990) was an Australian Rugby Union player who coached the Wallabies.	Bryan Palmer	1990
date of death	Constantine Coronini (September 19, 1881 - 1924, Harbin, China ) was a Russian Orthodox (later Greek Catholic) priest.	Constantine Coronini	1924
date of death	João, Prince of Brazil (Lisbon, 30 August 1688 - Lisbon, 17 September 1688) was the first child of Pedro II of Portugal and Maria Sophia of Neuburg.	João, Prince of Brazil	17 September 1688
date of death	Nicholas Ling (fl.1570--1607) was a London publisher, bookseller, and editor who published several important Elizabethan works, including the first and second quartos of Shakespeare's Hamlet.	Nicholas Ling	1607
date of death	Sigmund Rascher (12 February 1909 -- 26 April 1945) was a German SS doctor.	Sigmund Rascher	26 April 1945
date of death	Fortunato Pio Castellani (6 May 1794 -- 1 January 1865) was a 19th-century Italian jeweller and founder of Castellani, an Italian jewellery company.	Fortunato Pio Castellani	1 January 1865
date of death	Stephen Fumio Hamao (濱尾 文郎 Hamao Fumio) (9 March 1930 -- 8 November 2007) was a Japanese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was the President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Migrants and Itinerants until it merged with other elements of the Roman Curia.	Stephen Fumio Hamao	8 November 2007
date of death	Zhou Baozhong (Chinese: 周保中; pinyin: Zhōu Bǎozhōng; 1902--1964) was a commander of the Northeast Anti-Japanese United Army resisting the pacification of Manchukuo by the Empire of Japan.	Zhou Baozhong	1964
date of death	Sir Husein Hasanally Abdoolcader, CBE (b. 10 September 1890, in Surat, Bombay Presidency, British India; d. 16 June 1974) was a barrister and politician in Malaya.	Husein Hasanally Abdoolcader	16 June 1974
date of death	Hakaru Masumoto (1895--1987) was a pioneer in metal and alloy research.	Hakaru Masumoto	1987
date of death	Yu Eung-bu (died 1456) was a military official of the early Joseon Dynasty and is remembered as one of the six martyred ministers.	Yu Eung-bu	1456
date of death	Paul Pons (1864--1915), stage name le Colosse, was a French wrestler.	Paul Pons	1915
date of death	Hans Holtermann (c. 1709 -- 1781), also known as Hans Henrik Holtermann or Hans Henriksen Holtermann, was a Norwegian businessman and landowner.	Hans Holtermann	1781
date of death	On the 8 March 1995, Naomi Feinbrun-Dothan died just before her ninety-fifth birthday.	Naomi Feinbrun-Dothan	8 March 1995
date of death	Owen Lloyd George, 3rd Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor, DL (28 April 1924 -- 29 July 2010) was a British Peer.	Owen Lloyd George, 3rd Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor	29 July 2010
date of death	Niall mac Cernaig Sotal (died 701) was a king in southern Brega of the Uí Chernaig sept of Lagore of the Síl nÁedo Sláine.	Niall mac Cernaig Sotal	701
date of death	René Guilbaud (8 October 1890 -- 18 June 1928) was an early-20th-century French military aviator.	René Guilbaud	18 June 1928
date of death	Mohib Omar al-Jadaan was killed by an explosive device in Atme on 5 January 2015, near the Turkish border.	Mohib Omar al-Jadaan	5 January 2015
date of death	Daniel Isaac Eaton (1753--1814) was an English radical author, publisher and activist.	Daniel Isaac Eaton	1814
date of death	Bran Mut mac Conaill (died 693) was a king of Leinster from the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin.	Bran Mut mac Conaill	693
date of death	Stephen Gold (died 12 January 2015) was a hacker and journalist who in the mid-1980s was convicted--and then acquitted--of accessing the personal message account of Prince Philip.	Stephen Gold	12 January 2015
date of death	Ben Barrell (14 May 1885 -- 14 July 1969) was an English first-class cricketer who represented Lancashire.	Ben Barrell	14 July 1969
date of death	Sir Harry Gilbert Barling, 1st Baronet CB CBE FRCS (30 April 1855 -- 27 April 1940) was an English surgeon.	Gilbert Barling	27 April 1940
date of death	John Van Zandt (died 1847) was an abolitionist who aided the Underground Railroad resistance movement in Ohio after having been a slaveholder in Kentucky.	John Van Zandt	1847
date of death	Melchor Casco de Mendoza (1581-1658) was a Spanish noblemen, Alcalde, and Alferez real of Buenos Aires.	Melchor Casco de Mendoza	1658
date of death	Vally Weigl (11 September 1894 -- 25 December 1982) was an Austrian-American composer and music therapist.	Vally Weigl	25 December 1982
date of death	Major-General Sir Theodore Fraser KCB, CSI, CMG (15 June 1865 -- 22 May 1953), was a British soldier of the Royal Engineers, serving for most of his career with the Indian Army.	Theodore Fraser	22 May 1953
date of death	Hugh Moss Gerald Forsgate, CBE, JP (Chinese: 霍士傑, 22 February 1919 -- 21 October 2001) was a director and general manager of Hong Kong and Kowloon Wharf and Godown Company Limited, member and chairman of the Urban Council, and chairman of the Kowloon--	Hugh Moss Gerald Forsgate	21 October 2001
date of death	Józef Berger (14 March 1901 in Orłowa - 11 June 1962 in Bratislava) was a Polish Lutheran pastor, theologian and politician from the region of Zaolzie, Czechoslovakia.	Józef Berger	11 June 1962
date of death	Maksim Sedej (26 May 1909 -- 13 May 1974) was a Slovene painter, one of the key figures of the mid-20th-century art scene in Slovenia.	Maksim Sedej	13 May 1974
date of death	Douglas Marsden-Jones CBE born Marsden Douglas Jones (1893 -- 5 January 1955) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and London Welsh.	Douglas Marsden-Jones	5 January 1955
date of death	Giselbert of Luxembourg (c. 1007 -- 14 August 1059) was count of Salm and of Longwy, then count of Luxemburg from 1047 to 1059.	Giselbert of Luxembourg	14 August 1059
date of death	Friedrich Held (21 July 1812 -- 25 January 1872) was a German malacologist.	Friedrich Held	1872
date of death	Susan Baird (26 May 1940 -- 24 January 2009) was the Labour Party Councillor for the Braidfauld ward of the City of Glasgow, Scotland.	Susan Baird	24 January 2009
date of death	Harry Winter (24 September 1914 -- 3 December 2001), born Horst Winter, was a German-Austrian singer, musician and band director.	Harry Winter	3 December 2001
date of death	After being incapacitated for several years as the result of a dancing injury, Penelope Spencer died of pneumonia on 3 October 1993.	Penelope Spencer	3 October 1993
date of death	Mahmud al-Hasan (Urdu: محمود الحسن‎, Maḥmūdu'l-Ḥasan) also known as Mahmud Hasan (1851 -- 30 November 1920) was a Deobandi Sunni Muslim scholar who was active against British rule in India.	Mahmud al-Hasan	30 November 1920
date of death	Barney Ramsden (Sheffield, 8 November 1917 -- California, 1990) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool, Sunderland and Hartlepools United.	Barney Ramsden	1990
date of death	Barbara Hemphill ( -- 1858) was an Irish writer of novels.	Barbara Hemphill	1858
date of death	Giovanni Nanni, also Giovanni de' Ricamatori, better known as Giovanni da Udine (1487--1564), was an Italian painter and architect born in Udine.	Giovanni da Udine	1564
date of death	Sir Walter Calverley, 1st Baronet (1670 -- 15 October 1749) was an English aristocrat.	Sir Walter Calverley, 1st Baronet	15 October 1749
date of death	Patrick Hines (1930--1985), born Mainer Patrick Hines, was an American actor who portrayed Kapellmeister Bonno in the 1984 film Amadeus.	Patrick Hines	1985
date of death	Robert Barlow (18 February 1813 -- 16 February 1883) was a cartographer and topographical draftsman from England who spent most of his career there with the Ordnance Survey of Great Britain.	Robert Barlow	16 February 1883
date of death	John Howard Parnell (1843 -- 3 May 1923) was an older brother of the Irish Nationalist leader Charles Stewart Parnell and after his brother's death was himself a Parnellite Nationalist Member of Parliament, for South Meath from 1895 to 1900.	John Howard Parnell	3 May 1923
date of death	Josef Karl Rädler (1844--1917) was a porcelain painter from Austria, described as ``...one of the most exciting self-taught artists to be discovered in recent years.''	Josef Karl Rädler	1917
date of death	Napuc Chi (died ca. 1541), often known by his title Ah Kin Chi (where Ah Kin, or in modern orthography Aj K'in is a title meaning ``priest'' or ``sacerdote'') was a Yucatec Maya noble from Maní.	Napuc Chi	1541
date of death	Arnold Pressburger (27 August 1885 -- 17 February 1951) was an Austrian Jewish film producer who produced 79 films between 1913 and 1951.	Arnold Pressburger	17 February 1951
date of death	Felipe Diricksen, also Diriksen or Deriksen, (1590-1679), was a Spanish Baroque painter primarily of portraits and religious paintings, and a member of a family of Flemish painters.	Felipe Diricksen	1679
date of death	James Watney (18 December 1800--1884) was a brewer and landowner who resided at Haling Park, Croydon, and Beddington, Surrey.	James Watney	1884
date of death	Charalambos Vilaetis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Βιλαέτης, 1781--1821) was a Greek revolutionary leader.	Charalambos Vilaetis	1821
date of death	Sir Thomas Erpingham KG (c. 1355--1428) was an English knight who became famous as the commander of King Henry V's longbow wielding archers at the Battle of Agincourt.	Thomas Erpingham	1428
date of death	Minggatu (Mongolian script: ᠮᠢᠨᠭᠭᠠᠲᠦ; Chinese: 明安图; pinyin: Ming'antu, c.1692-c. 1763), full name Sharabiin Myangat (Mongolian: Шаравын Мянгат) was a Mongolian astronomer, mathematician, and topographic scientist at the Qing court.	Minggatu	1763
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Oudry (17 March 1686 -- 30 April 1755) was a French Rococo painter, engraver, and tapestry designer.	Jean-Baptiste Oudry	30 April 1755
date of death	John George Gibson PC, QC (13 February 1846 - 28 June 1923), was an Irish lawyer and Conservative politician.	John George Gibson	28 June 1923
date of death	Peter M. Arthur (1831 - 17 July 1903) was a Scottish immigrant to the United States who was leader of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE) for many years.	Peter M. Arthur	17 July 1903
date of death	Anna Pierce Hobbs Bixby, born Anna Pierce (1812--1873), was a midwife, herbologist, and frontier doctor in southern Illinois.	Anna Pierce Hobbs Bixby	1873
date of death	Charlotte Lennox, Duchess of Richmond (née Lady Charlotte Gordon; 20 September 1768 -- 5 May 1842), was a British peeress best known as the hostess of the Duchess of Richmond's ball.	Charlotte Lennox, Duchess of Richmond	5 May 1842
date of death	Alice Curwen (c. 1619--1679) was an English Quaker missionary, who wrote an autobiography published, along with correspondence, as part of A Relation of the Labour, Travail and Suffering of that Faithful Servant of the Lord, Alice Curwen(1680).	Alice Curwen	1679
date of death	Major General Deshamanya Alexander Richard Udugama, MBE, psc, CSR (11 November 1911 -- 14 May 1995) was a Sri Lankan military leader, politician and diplomat.	Richard Udugama	14 May 1995
date of death	Elisabeth Berenberg (2 December 1749 -- 16 January 1822) was a Hamburg heiress, merchant banker and a member of the Berenberg family.	Elisabeth Berenberg	16 January 1822
date of death	François Dupré (1888 -- 26 June 1966) was a French, hotelier, art collector, and owner of the thoroughbred horse breeding and racing farm, Haras d'Ouilly.	François Dupré	26 June 1966
date of death	William Trail (23 June 1746 -- 3 February 1831) was a mathematician from Scotland in the 18th century, known by his text books.	William Trail	3 February 1831
date of death	William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby, KG (1561 -- 29 September 1642) was an English nobleman.	William Stanley, 6th Earl of Derby	29 September 1642
date of death	Robert Ashley Vines (16 January 1891 -- 10 August 1977) was an Australian rules footballer who played with University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ashley Vines	10 August 1977
date of death	Princess Xu Zhaopei (徐昭佩) (died 549) was an imperial princess of the Chinese Liang Dynasty.	Princess Xu Zhaopei	549
date of death	Luella Bates (b. Luella Born, October 17, 1897 - d. Luella Coates, November 25, 1985) was the first woman truck driver.	Luella Bates	1985
date of death	John Knox Bokwe (15 March 1855 -- 22 February 1922) was a South African journalist, Presbyterian minister and one of the most celebrated Xhosa hymn writers and musician.	John Knox Bokwe	22 February 1922
date of death	Robert Petre, 7th Baron Petre (1689 -- 22 March 1713) was a British peer, the son of Thomas Petre, 6th Baron Petre (1633--1706) and his wife Mary Clifton, daughter of Sir Thomas Clifton.	Robert Petre, 7th Baron Petre	22 March 1713
date of death	Hugo Valentin (1888--1963) was a Swedish historian, scholar and leading Zionist.	Hugo Valentin	1963
date of death	George Whitney Calhoun (September 16, 1890 -- December 6, 1963) was a sports and telegraph editor for the Press-Gazette of Green Bay, Wisconsin, USA.	George Whitney Calhoun	1963
date of death	Gongsun Du (died 204), courtesy name Shengji, was a military general and warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Gongsun Du	204
date of death	William Goodlad (c. 1576--1639) was a 17th-century English whaler.	William Goodlad	1639
date of death	Thomas Cockson, or Coxon (bap. 1569 -- fl. 1609-30 or 1636 -- d. 1641), was one of the earliest English engravers.	Thomas Cockson	1641
date of death	Archimandrite Monsignor Victor J. Pospishil (1915 -- 2006) was a Ukrainian Catholic priest and a leading scholar on Canon law and the Eastern Catholic churches.	Victor J. Pospishil	2006
date of death	Ravi Chopra (27 September 1946 -- 12 November 2014) was an Indian movie producer and director.	Ravi Chopra	12 November 2014
date of death	Nestore Leoni (L'Aquila, Abruzzo, February 14, 1862 - 1947) was an Italian painter and illuminator of manuscripts (miniatore).	Nestore Leoni	1947
date of death	Édouard Vanzeveren (27 April 1905 -- 12 May 1948) was a French freestyle swimmer.	Édouard Vanzeveren	12 May 1948
date of death	Lauchlan Maclean, 2nd Laird of Brolas (1650--1687) was the second Laird of Brolas.	Lauchlan Maclean, 2nd Laird of Brolas	1687
date of death	Alick Horsnell (1882--1916) was an architect, draughtsmen and artist working in London during the early years of the 20th Century.	Alick Horsnell	1916
date of death	After his death on 27 June 1922, Malick Sy was succeeded by his son Seydi Ababacar Sy as the khalife général des Tidjanes from 1922 to 1957.	Malick Sy	27 June 1922
date of death	Jane Savage (born 1752/1753, died 1824) was an English harpsichordist and composer.	Jane Savage	1824
date of death	William Hamlin (15 October 1772 -- 22 November 1869), an entrepreneur, was an early American engraver and the first engraver for the state of Rhode Island.	William Hamlin	22 November 1869
date of death	John W. Keys III (1941--2008) was the director of the United States Bureau of Reclamation from 2001 to 2006.	John W. Keys	2008
date of death	Mehli Mehta (25 September 1908 -- 19 October 2002) was an Indian conductor and violinist.	Mehli Mehta	19 October 2002
date of death	Colonel William Thomas Reay CBE VD (10 November 1858--11 November 1929) was an Australian journalist, newspaper editor and politician.	William Thomas Reay	1929
date of death	Alexander Savvas (1907-1981) was a Greek Professor of Medicine at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Faculty of Anatomy.	Alexander Savvas	1981
date of death	Benjamin Harrison III (1673 -- April 10, 1710) was an early member of the Harrison Family of Virginia, serving as the colony's Attorney General, Treasurer, and Speaker of the House of Burgesses.	Benjamin Harrison III	1710
date of death	Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer (Tamil: மகாராஜபுரம் விசுவநாதையர்) (1896--1970) was one of the great Indian Carnatic vocalists.	Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer	1970
date of death	James Fussell IV (1748--1832) was an iron magnate operating the Old Ironstone Works, Mells in Vallis Vale between Mells and Great Elm in Somerset.	James Fussell IV	1832
date of death	Miles Dewey Davis, Jr. (March 1, 1898--1962) was an afluent American dentist and father of jazz legend Miles Davis.	Miles Dewey Davis, Jr.	1962
date of death	John Brereton (ca. 1571/1572 - ca. 1632) was a gentleman adventurer and chronicler of the 1602 voyage to the New World led by Bartholomew Gosnold.	John Brereton	1632
date of death	James Thomas Hooper (1 September 1897 -- 9 February 1971) was a British collector of ethnographic artifacts of the Inuit, Native American, Oceanic and African peoples.	James Thomas Hooper	9 February 1971
date of death	Samuel Colver (September 10, 1817 -- February 15, 1891) was one of the first pioneers of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Samuel Colver	1891
date of death	Edvard Heiberg (11 June 1911, in Oslo -- 10 June 2000, in Oslo) was a Norwegian director and engineer.	Edvard Heiberg	10 June 2000
date of death	Arthur Dacres (1624--1678) was an English physician and academic, briefly Gresham Professor of Geometry.	Arthur Dacres	1678
date of death	Theodoros Natsinas (Greek: Θεόδωρος Νάτσινας; 8 July 1872 - 2 February 1949) was a Greek teacher.	Theodoros Natsinas	2 February 1949
date of death	Fartein Valen-Sendstad (1918--1984) was a Norwegian historian and museologist.	Fartein Valen-Sendstad	1984
date of death	Gaetano Bavagnoli (1879--1933) was an Italian conductor who was particularly known for his work within the field of opera.	Gaetano Bavagnoli	1933
date of death	Richard Southby (1623 - 7 January 1704) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and from 1679 to 1689.	Richard Southby	7 January 1704
date of death	Henri Smets (Wezembeek-Oppem, 1895 - Brussel, 1994) was a Belgian cross country athlete.	Henri Smets	1994
date of death	Henry John Stephen Smith (2 November 1826 -- 9 February 1883) was a mathematician remembered for his work in elementary divisors, quadratic forms, and Smith--	Henry John Stephen Smith	9 February 1883
date of death	Jacques Hardel (died March 1678) was a French composer and harpsichordist.	Jacques Hardel	March 1678
date of death	Hallgerður Gísladóttir (28 September 1952 -- 1 February 2007) was an Icelandic ethnologist and poet.	Hallgerður Gísladóttir	1 February 2007
date of death	Edmund Kean (4 November 1787 -- 15 May 1833) was a celebrated Shakespearean stage actor born in England, who performed in London, Belfast, New York, Quebec, and Paris among other places.	Edmund Kean	15 May 1833
date of death	John Dooley Reigh (died Manchester, 25 February 1914) was a cartoonist whose work generally supported Irish nationalism.	John Dooley Reigh	25 February 1914
date of death	Barnabe Googe or Goche (11 June 1540 -- 7 February 1594) (also spelled Barnaby Goodge) was a poet and translator, one of the earliest English pastoral poets.	Barnabe Googe	7 February 1594
date of death	Nicholas O'Shea (1866--1912) was an Irish hurler who played as midfielder for the Dublin senior team.	Nicholas O'Shea	1912
date of death	George Loftus Noyes (1864--1954) was a Canadian born artist who gained fame in the early 20th century as an American Impressionist.	George Loftus Noyes	1954
date of death	Albrecht Glockendon the Elder (c. 1432, Nuremberg -- 1474. Also spelled Albert Glockenton) was a German engraver and manuscript illuminator.	Albrecht Glockendon the Elder	1474
date of death	Michele Maylender (Hungarian: Maylender Mihály) (September 11, 1863 -- 1911) was an Italian politician (inside the Hungarian Crown's states) who was the founder of the Autonomist Association, known also as Autonomist Party in Fiume.	Michele Maylender	1911
date of death	Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer (6 June 1877 -- 15 June 1949) (commonly known as Ulloor) was a Malayalam poet and historian.	Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer	15 June 1949
date of death	Ave Ninchi (14 December 1915 -- 10 November 1997) was an Italian supporting actress who played character roles on stage, television, and in over 98 feature films that included Tomorrow Is Too Late (1949) and Louis Malle's Lacombe Lucien (1974).	Ave Ninchi	10 November 1997
date of death	Joseph B. Hagey (1810--1876) was the Bishop of the Mennonite Church in Ontario from 1852 until his death in 1876.	Joseph B. Hagey	1876
date of death	Winétt de Rokha was the mid-career pen name of the Chilean poet and writer Luisa Victoria Anabalón Sanderson (July 7, 1894 -- August 7, 1951).	Winétt de Rokha	1951
date of death	Mika Ahola (13 December 1974 -- 15 January 2012) was a Finnish enduro rider and a five-time world champion.	Mika Ahola	15 January 2012
date of death	Alexander Travis (23 August 1790 -- 2 December 1852) was a Baptist preacher and a prominent member of the Alabama Baptist State Convention.	Alexander Travis	2 December 1852
date of death	William Henry Leggett (February 24, 1816 -- April 11, 1882) was a botanist and journalist, who founded the Torrey Botanical Bulletin.	William Henry Leggett	1882
date of death	Sir David Hardie (4 June 1856 -- 11 November 1945) was an Australian medical practitioner.	David Hardie	11 November 1945
date of death	Max Loehr (4 December 1903 - 16 September 1988) was an art historian and professor of Chinese art at Harvard University from 1960 to 1974.	Max Loehr	16 September 1988
date of death	Ángel Rambert (12 June 1936 -- 25 October 1983) was an Argentine-born French footballer.	Ángel Rambert	25 October 1983
date of death	Alfred Owen Crozier (1863--1939) was a Midwest attorney who wrote eight books on the political, legal, and monetary problems of the United States.	Alfred Owen Crozier	1939
date of death	Donatus, Romulus, Secundian, and 86 Companions (died c. 304) were a group of Christians who were martyred at Gruaro (at the time called Concordia), near Venice, during the Diocletian persecution.	Donatus, Romulus, Secundian, and 86 Companions	304
date of death	G. S. Gai (Govind Swamirao Gai) (March 3, 1917 -- February 5, 1995) was an Indian epigraphist, historical linguist, and historian, known for his expertise in early-medieval Kannada language inscriptions.	G. S. Gai	1995
date of death	Charles Southwell (1814 -- 7 August 1860) was a radical English journalist and freethinker.	Charles Southwell	7 August 1860
date of death	Christina Reinira van Reede (14 August 1776, Utrecht - 18 December 1847, The Hague) was a Dutch courtier and noble orangist heroine.	Christina Reinira van Reede	18 December 1847
date of death	Sir John Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 2nd Baronet (28 August 1799 -- 24 February 1869) was a British Member of Parliament.	John Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone	24 February 1869
date of death	Helen Iglauer Glueck (1907--1995) was an American physician known for her research in blood chemistry that linked bleeding disorders in newborns with lack of Vitamin K in breast milk.	Helen Iglauer Glueck	1995
date of death	Anton Rolandsson Martin (3 August 1729 at Mijntenhoff Manor, Reval--30 January 1785 in Åbo) was a Swedish botanist.	Anton Rolandsson Martin	30 January 1785
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Rondelet (4 June 1743 -- 25 September 1829) was an architectural theorist of the late Enlightenment era and chief architect of the church of Sainte-Geneviève after the death of Jacques Germain Soufflot of cancer in 1780.	Jean-Baptiste Rondelet	25 September 1829
date of death	Richard Overton Hunziker (6 Jul 1916 -- 29 May 1971) was a decorated World War II fighter pilot and later United States Air Force major general.	Richard Overton Hunziker	29 May 1971
date of death	The Reverend William Darwin Fox (23 April 1805 -- 8 April 1880) was an English clergyman, naturalist, and a second cousin of Charles Darwin.	William Darwin Fox	8 April 1880
date of death	Pedro Rodriguez Flores Díaz (1609-1682) was a Spanish military, landowner.	Pedro Rodriguez Flores	1682
date of death	Henry Francis Lyte (1 June 1793 -- 20 November 1847) was an Anglican divine, hymn-writer and poet.	Henry Francis Lyte	20 November 1847
date of death	Marion Vera Cuthbert (1896--1989) was a writer and intellectual associated with the Harlem Renaissance.	Marion Vera Cuthbert	1989
date of death	Thomas Ludford Bellamy (1770--1843) was an English singer, also for a time a theatre manager.	Thomas Ludford Bellamy	1843
date of death	Sergeant Major Henry H. Black (9 February 1929 -- 24 August 2012), USMC retired, was the seventh Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps (1975--1977).	Henry H. Black	24 August 2012
date of death	Nathaniel Plimer (1757--1822) was an English miniature portrait painter.	Nathaniel Plimer	1822
date of death	Liu Shouwen (劉守文) (died 910) was a warlord who ruled Yichang Circuit (義昌, headquartered in modern Cangzhou, Hebei) as its military governor (Jiedushi) late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and early during Tang's succeeding dynasty Later Liang.	Liu Shouwen	910
date of death	Carl Conjola (1773--1831) was a German landscape painter in water colours and oil.	Carl Conjola	1831
date of death	Vytautas Norkus (28 January 1921 -- 29 January 2014) was a Lithuanian-born American basketball player.	Vytautas Norkus	29 January 2014
date of death	Rogelio Nores Martínez (1906--1975) was an Argentine engineer and politician.	Rogelio Nores Martínez	1975
date of death	Jack Rigby (1924--1997) was a footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League for Manchester City.	Jack Rigby	1997
date of death	Pearce Bailey (1865--1922) was an American neurologist and psychiatrist, educated at Princeton and Columbia Universities.	Pearce Bailey	1922
date of death	Josef Leopold Zvonař (22 January 1824 -- 23 November 1865) was a Czech composer, pedagogue, and big music critic.	Josef Leopold Zvonař	23 November 1865
date of death	Ruy González de Clavijo (died 2 April 1412) was a Castilian traveller and writer.	Ruy González de Clavijo	2 April 1412
date of death	Gustaf Cronhielm (18 July 1664, Stockholm -- 3 June 1737) was a Swedish nobleman and politician.	Gustaf Cronhielm	3 June 1737
date of death	Otto, Lord of Lippe (c. 1300 -- c. 1360) was the ruling Count of Lippe-Lemgo from 1344 until his death.	Otto, Lord of Lippe	1360
date of death	Cathal O'Byrne (1867 -- 1 August 1957) was an Irish singer, poet and writer.	Cathal O'Byrne	1 August 1957
date of death	Subutai revealed the plot and Puresh, his son Atämaz and many Moksha warriors were killed sleeping after midnight of 9 April 1241.	Puresh	1241
date of death	Tanyus Shahin Saadeh al-Rayfouni (also spelled Tanios Chahine Saadé Al Rayfouné, given name also spelled Taniyus or Tanius) (1815--1895) was a Maronite muleteer from Mount Lebanon who led a peasants' revolt in the area of Keserwan in 1859.	Tanyus Shahin	1895
date of death	Anderson Gray McKendrick (8 September 1876 -- 30 May 1943) was a Scottish physician and epidemiologist pioneered the use of mathematical methods in epidemiology.	Anderson Gray McKendrick	30 May 1943
date of death	Herbert Money (29 November 1899 -- 9 January 1996) was a pioneering educator who had a significant and lasting impact on the growth and life of the evangelical church in Peru and South America.	Herbert Money	9 January 1996
date of death	Edmund Veckenstedt (1840--1903) was an educator, ethnologist and folklorist who published many works, sometimes under the pseudonym Heinrich Veltheim.	Edmund Veckenstedt	1903
date of death	Saint Benedict of Aniane (c. 747 -- 12 February 821), born Witiza and called the Second Benedict, was a Benedictine monk and monastic reformer, who left a large imprint on the religious practice of the Carolingian Empire.	Benedict of Aniane	12 February 821
date of death	Tormod Skagestad (9 August 1920 -- 4 January 1997) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, playwright, actor and theatre director.	Tormod Skagestad	4 January 1997
date of death	Dai Zhou (died 633), courtesy name Xuanyin, posthumously known as Duke Zhong of Dao, was a Chinese official who lived in the Sui dynasty and early Tang dynasty.	Dai Zhou	633
date of death	Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon (born 16 March 1904 in Bodegraven -- died 25 July 1979 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician.	Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon	25 July 1979
date of death	Könchek (died 1308) was Khan of the Chagatai Khanate (1307--1308).	Könchek	1308
date of death	Lord Edward FitzGerald (15 October 1763 -- 4 June 1798) was an Irish aristocrat and revolutionary who died of wounds received while resisting arrest on a charge of treason.	Lord Edward FitzGerald	4 June 1798
date of death	Augustin van de Werve (1764--1793), baron of Lichtaert, formed part of a very old, important and noble family of Antwerp.	Augustin van de Werve	1793
date of death	Malik Akhmedilov (Russian: Малик Ахмедилов; c. 1976 -- 11 August 2009), also known as Abdulmalik Akhmedilov, was a Russian investigative journalist based in the southern Republic of Dagestan.	Malik Akhmedilov	11 August 2009
date of death	Archbishop André Perraudin (7 October 1914 - 25 April 2003) was a Swiss Catholic clergyman who lived in Rwanda for nearly fifty years.	André Perraudin	25 April 2003
date of death	Bernard Laidebeur (11 July 1942 -- 21 April 1991) was a French athlete, who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Bernard Laidebeur	21 April 1991
date of death	Teresio Maria Languasco (1651--1698) was an Italian painter and an Augustinian monk.	Teresio Maria Languasco	1698
date of death	Jean Victor Tharreau or Jean Victor Thareau (15 January 1767, Le May-sur-Èvre -- 26 September 1812), was a General of Division in the Army of the French Empire.	Jean Victor Tharreau	26 September 1812
date of death	Cyril Furmstone Evans (born 1892 in Croydon, Surrey, UK, died 1959) was a 20th-century wireless telegraphist notable for his involvement in the Titanic tragedy.	Cyril Furmstone Evans	1959
date of death	Euphemia F. Vsevolozhskaya (1630-1657), was a Russian noble, the fiancee of Tsar Alexis of Russia.	Euphemia F. Vsevolozhskaya	1657
date of death	Elias Lee Francis III (ca. 1945 -- 7 July 2003) was a Laguna Pueblo-Anishinaabe poet, educator, and founder of the Wordcraft Circle of Native Writers and Storytellers.	Lee Francis	7 July 2003
date of death	Alfred P. Southwick (1826--1898), was a steam-boat engineer, dentist and inventor from Buffalo, New York.	Alfred P. Southwick	1898
date of death	Wendy Boase (14 October 1944 -- 15 March 1999) born in Melbourne, Australia, she was one of the co-founders of the children's publishing company Walker Books.	Wendy Boase	15 March 1999
date of death	Friedrich Julius Stahl (16 January 1802 -- 10 August 1861), German constitutional lawyer, political philosopher and politician.	Friedrich Julius Stahl	10 August 1861
date of death	Sir Philip Hoby (also Hobby or Hobbye) (1505 -- 31 May 1558) was a 16th-century English Ambassador to the Holy Roman Empire and Flanders.	Philip Hoby	31 May 1558
date of death	Robert Prentiss Daniel (November 2, 1902 -- January 1968) was an African-American educator and college administrator.	Robert Prentiss Daniel	January 1968
date of death	Carl Axel Mothander (1886-1965) a former Swedish reserve officer; major in the White Finnish Army in the Finnish War of Independence 1917/18, organizer of the Finnish White Army's field hospitals promoted to major; commander of the Swedish volunteers in the Estonian War of Independence promoted to lieutenant colonel.	Carl Axel Mothander	1965
date of death	Henry C. Dudley (1813--1894), known also as Henry Dudley, was an English-born North American architect, known for his Gothic Revival churches.	Henry C. Dudley	1894
date of death	Theodore Cardwell Barker (19 July 1923 -- 22 November 2001), usually known as Theo Barker, was a British social and economic historian.	Theo Barker	22 November 2001
date of death	Riccardo Cassin (2 January 1909 -- 6 August 2009) was an Italian mountaineer, developer of mountaineering equipment and author.	Riccardo Cassin	6 August 2009
date of death	Charles Concordia (born 20 June 1908 - died 25 December 2003) was a noted American electrical engineer specializing in electrical power engineering and the early history of computer hardware.	Charles Concordia	25 December 2003
date of death	Dr. Bartholomew Woodlock DD (1819-1902) was an Irish Catholic priest, educator and bishop, a founder of the Society of Saint Vincent de Paul in Ireland.	Bartholomew Woodlock	1902
date of death	Khenpo Jigme Phuntsok (Tib. འཇིགས་མེད་ཕུན་ཚོགས་འབྱུང་གནས་, Wyl. 'jigs med phun tshogs 'byung gnas; 1933--2004) was a Nyingma lama from Serthar of Kham.	Jigme Phuntsok	2004
date of death	Spencer Timothy Hall (16 December 1812 -- 26 April 1885) was an English writer and mesmerist.	Spencer Timothy Hall	26 April 1885
date of death	Major general Jaroslav Čihák (24 July 1891 -- 30 April 1944) was an Austro-Hungarian army officer from 1914 and Russian legionary from 1916 (command platoon and battalion).	Jaroslav Čihák	30 April 1944
date of death	Saint Hunna (Una) (died 679) is a French saint.	Hunna	679
date of death	Tiberius Julius Synges, also known as Synges (flourished 3rd century -- died 276) was a prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom.	Tiberius Julius Synges	276
date of death	Brigadier-General John Carnac (1716 -- 29 November 1800) was a British officer who served three times as Commander-in-Chief of India.	John Carnac	29 November 1800
date of death	Alija Sirotanović (14 August 1914 -- 16 May 1990) was a Yugoslav miner, Hero of Socialist Labour and perhaps the most famous of all Yugoslav udarniks.	Alija Sirotanović	16 May 1990
date of death	Mujdin Aliu (1974--1999) was a Macedonian Albanian soldier who gained prominence in the Kosovo War.	Mujdin Aliu	1999
date of death	Nahapet Kuchak (Armenian: Նահապետ Քուչակ) (died 1592) was an Armenian medieval poet, one of the first ashughs.	Nahapet Kuchak	1592
date of death	László Deseő (26 June 1893 - 25 June 1948) was a Hungarian military officer and diplomat, who served as artillery commander of the Hungarian Second Army's First Corps during the Second World War.	László Deseő	25 June 1948
date of death	Russell Cornell Leffingwell (1878--1960) was an American banker who led the Council on Foreign Relations from 1944 until 1953.	Russell Cornell Leffingwell	1960
date of death	Olavi Reimas (real name Unto Kalervo Eskola, 14 March 1914 − 9 June 1995) was a Finnish actor.	Olavi Reimas	9 June 1995
date of death	Lloyd Saxon Graham (January 14, 1922 -- May 19, 2012) was a prominent American epidemiologist.	Lloyd Saxon Graham	2012
date of death	Ben E. Rich (1855--1913) was a leading missionary and spokesman for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in the early 20th-century.	Ben E. Rich	1913
date of death	James J. Baldwin (1888-1955), commonly known as J.J. Baldwin, was an American architect who designed numerous courthouse buildings and other works in several U.S. states.	James J. Baldwin	1955
date of death	George Claydon (4 September 1933 -- 4 October 2001) was a British actor notable for his dwarfism.	George Claydon	4 October 2001
date of death	Thomas Birtwistle, Thomas (16 October 1833, Great Harwood, Lancashire -- 22 March 1912, Accrington) was a trade unionist and factory inspector.	Thomas Birtwistle	22 March 1912
date of death	Peter Nicolay Skibsted died on 18 April 1832 in Copenhagen, and is buried in the churchyard of the Danish Naval Church ved Holmen.	Peter Nicolay Skibsted	18 April 1832
date of death	Adolf Gottstein (2 November 1857 in Breslau - 3 March 1941) was a German social hygienist and epidemiologist.	Adolf Gottstein	3 March 1941
date of death	Catherine, Lady Walpole (née Shorter; 1682 -- 20 August 1737) was the first wife of British politician and Prime Minister Robert Walpole from 30 July 1700 until her death in Chelsea in 1737.	Catherine, Lady Walpole	20 August 1737
date of death	Mangalam Muthuswamy (1937--2007) was one of the notable vainikas in recent times.	Mangalam Muthuswamy	2007
date of death	Patrick Francis McGill (1913--1977), known as Paddy McGill or P. F. McGill was a journalist and nationalist politician in Ireland.	Paddy McGill	1977
date of death	Ed Tweddell (c. 1941 -- 4 August 2005) was an Australian businessperson best known for his stint as CEO of Australia's largest indigenous pharmaceutical manufacturer F H Faulding and as Chairman of Ansell.	Ed Tweddell	2005
date of death	Raoul Ploquin (died 29 November 1992) was a French film producer, production manager and screenwriter.	Raoul Ploquin	29 November 1992
date of death	Stephanie of Lampron (ca. 1220/1225 -- soon after April 1, 1249, buried at Santa Sophia, Nicosia), was a queen consort of Cyprus, wife of Herny I de Lusignan, king of Cyprus.	Stephanie of Lampron	1249
date of death	John Biscoe (28 June 1794 -- 1843) was an English mariner and explorer who commanded the first expedition known to have sighted the areas named Enderby Land and Graham Land along the coast of Antarctica.	John Biscoe	1843
date of death	Charles-Richard Lambert (died 1862) was a black American musician, conductor and music educator.	Charles-Richard Lambert	1862
date of death	Fu Gongshi (輔公祏; died 624) was an agrarian rebel leader who served as Du Fuwei's lieutenant during the disintegration of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty, who later followed Du in submitting to Tang Dynasty.	Fu Gongshi	624
date of death	Henry Cheyne, 1st Baron Cheyne (31 May 1540 -- 3 September 1587) was an English politician.	Henry Cheyne, 1st Baron Cheyne	3 September 1587
date of death	Charles Scott Haley (November 8, 1884 -- 1958), a mining engineer, was an expert in the field of placer gold deposits.	Charles Scott Haley	1958
date of death	André Thomkins (1930 - 8 November 1985) was a Swiss painter, illustrator, and poet.	André Thomkins	8 November 1985
date of death	Antonio Ascari (15 September 1888 -- 26 July 1925) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing champion.	Antonio Ascari	26 July 1925
date of death	Kwok Chan (1904 -- 17 June 1967) was a Hong Kong businessman and member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong.	Kwok Chan	17 June 1967
date of death	Sir James Stansfeld PC (5 October 1820 -- 17 February 1898), was a British politician.	James Stansfeld	17 February 1898
date of death	James Otto Lewis (February 3, 1799 -- November 2, 1858) was an American engraver and painter who was noted for his portraits of Native Americans and other figures of the American frontier.	James Otto Lewis	1858
date of death	Andreas Leo Ateng Suripto (8 August 1942 -- 6 May 2003), better known as Ateng and also known by the Chinese name Kho Tjeng Lie (邱诚烈), was a popular Indonesian actor and comedian.	Ateng	6 May 2003
date of death	Charalambos Tseroulis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Τσερούλης, Missolonghi, 1 June 1879 -- 2 May 1929) was a distinguished Greek infantry officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Charalambos Tseroulis	2 May 1929
date of death	Gëzim Erebara (19 May 1929 -- 12 February 2007) was an Albanian film director, screen player, translator and cinematography historian of the second half of the 20th century.	Gëzim Erebara	12 February 2007
date of death	Sir Charles Cockerell, 1st Baronet (18 February 1755 -- 6 January 1837) was an Somerset-born Englishman who prospered as an official of the British East India Company and became a politician.	Sir Charles Cockerell, 1st Baronet	6 January 1837
date of death	Ratanchand Hirachand Doshi (1902--1981) was a scion of Walchand group, a noted industrialist, philanthropist, freedom fighter, and Jain social leader.	Ratanchand Hirachand	1981
date of death	Leopold Casper (31 May 1859 -- 16 March 1959) was a German physician and urologist born in Berlin.	Leopold Casper	16 March 1959
date of death	Ethel Leginska née Liggins (13 April 1886 -- 26 February 1970) was a British pianist, composer, conductor and music educator, having among her students harpsichordist Gavin Williamson, a long-time student of Artur Schnabel and Theodor Leschetizky, James Henry Fields, Daniel Pollack and Bruce Sutherland.	Ethel Leginska	26 February 1970
date of death	The Blessed Stephana de Quinzanis, T.O.S.D., (variant spellings include Stephanie, Stefana; also, Quinzani) (1457 -- 2 January 1530) was an Italian Dominican Sister, stigmatic and mystic.	Stephana de Quinzanis	2 January 1530
date of death	Tasos Neroutsos (1826--1892) was a Greek physician and scholar.	Tasos Neroutsos	1892
date of death	Mikołaj Kiczka (died 1429) was a Polish noble, diplomat and priest.	Mikołaj Kiczka	1429
date of death	Alice Comyn, Countess of Buchan, Lady Beaumont (1289 -- 3 July 1349) was a Norman-Scottish noblewoman, a member of the powerful Comyn family which supported the Balliols, claimants to the disputed Scottish throne against their rivals, the Bruces.	Alice Comyn, Countess of Buchan	3 July 1349
date of death	John Raithby (1766--1826), lawyer, born in 1766, was eldest son of Edmund Raithby of Edenham, Lincolnshire.	John Raithby	1826
date of death	Chen Shixiang (陈世骧; 1905--1988), also known as Sicien H. Chen, was a Chinese entomologist.	Chen Shixiang	1988
date of death	The Honourable George Charles Grantley Fitzhardinge Berkeley (10 February 1800 -- 20 February 1881), known as Grantley Berkeley, was a British politician, writer and sportsman.	Grantley Berkeley	20 February 1881
date of death	Sir Edward Hoblyn Warren Bolitho KBE CB DSO (1882 -- 18 December 1969) was a Cornish landowner and politician.	Edward Hoblyn Warren Bolitho	18 December 1969
date of death	Henry Otto Wix (1866--1922), also known as Otto Wix, was a German-born landscape and portrait painter who emigrated to the United States in the late 1890s.	Henry Otto Wix	1922
date of death	Ann Harriet Hughes (1852 -- 25 April 1910) was a Welsh language novelist, under the pen-name Gwyneth Vaughan.	Ann Harriet Hughes	25 April 1910
date of death	George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly (1514 -- 28 October 1562) was a Scottish nobleman.	George Gordon, 4th Earl of Huntly	28 October 1562
date of death	Dr. Gyula Krajczár (1953--1998) was a Hungarian politician, who served as mayor of Komárom between 1990 and 1998.	Gyula Krajczár	1998
date of death	James Frederic Elton (1840--1877) was an English explorer in Africa.	James Frederic Elton	1877
date of death	Kong Rong (153--208), courtesy name Wenju, was a politician, scholar and minor warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Kong Rong	208
date of death	Ya'akov Hazan (Hebrew: יעקב חזן‎‎, 4 June 1899 -- 22 July 1992) was an Israeli politician and social activist.	Ya'akov Hazan	22 July 1992
date of death	Marguerite III de Neufchâtel, (1480-1544), was a German-Roman monarch as Princess Abbess of the Imperial Remiremont Abbey in France.	Marguerite III de Neufchâtel	1544
date of death	Jože Šmit (1 February 1922 -- 7 February 2004) was a Slovene poet, translator, editor and journalist.	Jože Šmit	7 February 2004
date of death	Abraham Follett Osler (22 March 1808 -- 26 April 1903), known as A. Follett Osler, was a pioneer in the measurement of meteorological and chronological data in Birmingham, England.	A. Follett Osler	26 April 1903
date of death	Zhang Lichang (July 1939 -- 10 January 2008) was a Chinese politician.	Zhang Lichang	10 January 2008
date of death	Annesley Dias (Sinhala : ඇනස්ලි ඩයස්) (31 January 1927 to 12 June 2009) was a popular Sri Lankan comedian.	Annesley Dias	12 June 2009
date of death	Iestyn ap Gwrgant (ˈjɛstɪn ap ˈgʊrgant) (or Jestyn ap Gwrgant) (English: Justin, son of Gwrgant) (c. 1045 -- 1093) was the last ruler of the Welsh kingdom of Morgannwg, which encompassed the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouthshire.	Iestyn ap Gwrgant	1093
date of death	Sándor Képíró (18 February 1914 -- 3 September 2011) was a gendarmerie captain during World War II accused of war crimes committed by Hungarian forces, and found not guilty.	Sándor Képíró	3 September 2011
date of death	Hugh Emlyn Hooson, Baron Hooson QC (26 March 1925 -- 21 February 2012) was a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician.	Emlyn Hooson, Baron Hooson	21 February 2012
date of death	The Rt Rev Allen Goodings (born 7 May 1925, died 15 December 1992) was the tenth Bishop of Quebec.	Allen Goodings	15 December 1992
date of death	Mary Catherine Ferguson (1823--1905) was an author and biographer in Dublin, Ireland.	Mary Catherine Ferguson	1905
date of death	Virginia Rich (1914--1985) was a mystery author who pioneered the ``culinary mystery'' subgenre.	Virginia Rich	1985
date of death	Georgi Bolshakov (1922--1989) was a Soviet GRU officer under journalist cover who was posted to Washington, D.C., twice, most significantly in the early 1960s.	Georgi Bolshakov	1989
date of death	Ripley Hitchcock, born James Ripley Wellman Hitchcock, (1857--1918) was a prominent American editor.	Ripley Hitchcock	1918
date of death	Frederick W. Garber (1877--1950) was an American architect in Cincinnati, Ohio and the principal architect in the Garber & Woodward firm with Clifford B. Woodward (1880--1932).	Frederick W. Garber	1950
date of death	Trần Thuận Tông, (1378--1399), given name Trần Ngung, was the eleventh emperor of the Trần Dynasty who reigned in Đại Việt from 1388 to 1398.	Trần Thuận Tông	1399
date of death	Harry Baisden (aka Harry Bastin, né Cyrus Harry Baisden; 18 April 1893 Lester Prairie, Minnesota -- 4 December 1926 Augusta, Georgia) was an American composer of popular music, arranger, pianist, and an acclaimed dance orchestra leader.	Harry Baisden	4 December 1926
date of death	George Smith Duncan (11 July 1852 -- 4 September 1930) was a tramway and mining engineer best known for his work on cable trams, and for his work in the gold mining industry.	George Smith Duncan	4 September 1930
date of death	Rev. Rufus Halley (died 28 August 2001) was a Roman Catholic missionary of the Society of St. Columban who spent more than 20 years promoting ecumenical dialogue between Christians and Muslims in Asia.	Rufus Halley	28 August 2001
date of death	Professor Michael J. O'Kelly (1915 -- October 1982) was an Irish archaeologist who excavated and restored Newgrange, a Late Stone Age passage tomb in the Boyne Valley, County Meath, Ireland, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Michael J. O'Kelly	October 1982
date of death	Rakhaldas Bandyopadhyay (12 April 1885 -- 23 May 1930), also known as R. D. Banerji, was an Indian historian and a native Indian pioneer in the fields of Indian archaeology, epigraphy and palaeography.	R. D. Banerji	23 May 1930
date of death	Masao Mimatsu (三松正夫) (9 July 1888 -- 8 December 1977) was a Japanese postmaster who recorded the growth of the Showashinzan mountain in 1944--1945.	Masao Mimatsu	8 December 1977
date of death	Bertie Reginald Mills (23 February 1900 -- 22 January 1994), known as Paddy Mills, was a professional footballer who scored 139 goals in 358 appearances in the Football League playing for Hull City (in two spells), Notts County and Birmingham.	Paddy Mills	22 January 1994
date of death	George Gilman Rushby (1900 in England -- 1968 in Africa), was an elephant hunter, poacher, prospector, farmer, forestry officer, and game warden.	George Gilman Rushby	1968
date of death	Theodor Martin Peter Ziesemer (26 May 1899 -- 28 November 1961) was an Australian dairy farmer and wheat farmer.	Theodor Martin Peter Ziesemer	28 November 1961
date of death	Julius Briganticus (died AD 69) was a Batavian who commanded auxiliary cavalry in the Roman Army.	Julius Briganticus	69
date of death	William Morton Payne (February 14, 1858, Newburyport -- 1919) was an American educator, literary critic and writer.	William Morton Payne	1919
date of death	Paleologo Zaccaria (1235--1314) was the Lord of Chios and Phocaea, as well as other Aegean islands from 1307 until his death.	Paleologo Zaccaria	1314
date of death	Ignace François Broutin (La Bassée, 1690--1751) was a French military officer, commander of Fort Rosalie among the Natchez people, and later an architect in colonial Louisiana.	Ignace François Broutin	1751
date of death	Sir John Fogge (c.1417--1490) was an English courtier, soldier and supporter of the Woodville family under Edward IV who became an opponent of Richard III.	John Fogge	1490
date of death	Don Flowers (1908--1968) was an American cartoonist best known for his syndicated panel Glamor Girls.	Don Flowers	1968
date of death	Jaladi Raja Rao (Telugu: జాలాది రాజా రావు) (9 August 1932 -- 14 October 2011) was a versatile writer, playwright and lyricist in Telugu cinema.	Jaladi Raja Rao	14 October 2011
date of death	Lily Laskine (31 August 1893 -- 4 January 1988) was one of the most prominent harpists of the twentieth century.	Lily Laskine	4 January 1988
date of death	Xu Yushi (許圉師) (died 679), formally Duke Jian of Ping'en (平恩簡公), was briefly a chancellor of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Xu Yushi	679
date of death	Charles Brandon, 3rd Duke of Suffolk (1537/1538 -- 14 July 1551), known as Lord Charles Brandon until shortly before his death, was the son of the 1st Duke of Suffolk and the suo jure 12th Baroness Willoughby de Eresby.	Charles Brandon, 3rd Duke of Suffolk	14 July 1551
date of death	John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgewater KB, PC (1579 -- 4 December 1649) was an English peer and politician from the Egerton family.	John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgewater	4 December 1649
date of death	Luka Mislej (16 October 1658 -- 5 February 1727) was a Carniolan stonemason and sculptor.	Luka Mislej	5 February 1727
date of death	Teodor Keko (1958--2002) was an Albanian writer, journalist, and politician.	Teodor Keko	2002
date of death	Jacques Tavernier or Le Lyonnais (1625--1673) was a French privateer and buccaneer supposedly active in the Caribbean during the mid-17th century.	Jacques Tavernier	1673
date of death	Peder Krabbe Gaarder (23 April 1814 -- 5 August 1883) was a Norwegian jurist and political theorist.	Peder Krabbe Gaarder	1883
date of death	Thomas Hughes Jones (1895--1966) was a Welsh poet and writer from Ceredigion (Cardiganshire) in West Wales.	Thomas Hughes Jones	1966
date of death	Ernest Warburton (10 June 1937 in Irlam -- 7 August 2001 in London) was a noted musicologist who specialized in the music of Johann Christian Bach.	Ernest Warburton	7 August 2001
date of death	Albert Hermann Vermeer (1911--1980), known as Al Vermeer, was an American cartoonist.	Al Vermeer	1980
date of death	Charles Bayliss (1850-4 June 1897), photographer, was born in Hadleigh, Suffolk, England in 1850.	Charles Bayliss	1897
date of death	Urushibara Mokuchu (漆原木虫) (1888--1953), given name Yoshijirô, was a Japanese print maker known for his many black-and-white prints of horses.	Urushibara Mokuchu	1953
date of death	Lloyd Bertram (10 October 1903 -- 12 April 1971) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Lloyd Bertram	12 April 1971
date of death	Umbarra, or King Merriman (died 1904) was an Aboriginal elder of the Djirringanj/Yuin people of the Bermagui area on the South Coast of New South Wales.	Umbarra	1904
date of death	Herman of Hauteville (Ermanno in Italian) (c. 1045 -- 1097) was the younger son of Humphrey, count of Apulia and Calabria (1051--1057), and his Lombard wife, Gaitelgrima of Salerno, also known as Altrude.	Herman of Hauteville	1097
date of death	Gyula Kabos (19 March 1887, Budapest -- 6 October 1941, New York) was a Hungarian actor and comedian, widely known for his comedic movie roles in the late 1930s.	Gyula Kabos	6 October 1941
date of death	William Wilding Galloway (1853 or 1854 - 27 September 1936) was an English businessman in the cotton industry.	William Wilding Galloway	27 September 1936
date of death	Jack Mangan (6 May 1927 - 17 September 2013) was an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway senior team.	Jack Mangan	17 September 2013
date of death	Antonio Brioschi (fl. c. 1725 -- 1750) was an Italian symphony composer who wrote at least twenty six symphonies; most of which were preserved in the collection of Pierre Philibert de Blancheton.	Antonio Brioschi	1750
date of death	Nicolai Hanson (24 August 1870 -- 14 October 1899) was a Norwegian zoologist and Antarctic explorer.	Nicolai Hanson	14 October 1899
date of death	Kanety Krishna Menon (1942 - 2012) was a Telugu writer with about 80 short stories and 6 novels to his credit.	Kanety Krishna Menon	2012
date of death	Kelly Ray Masters (June 16, 1897 -- 1987), was an American writer using the pen name Zachary Ball.	Kelly Ray Masters	1987
date of death	Sir Charles William Siemens FRSA (originally Carl Wilhelm Siemens; 4 April 1823 -- 19 November 1883) was a German-born engineer who for most of his life worked in Britain and later became a British subject.	Carl Wilhelm Siemens	19 November 1883
date of death	Yaacov Bar-Siman-Tov (1946-2013) was a prominent international relations and conflict resolution scholar.	Yaacov Bar-Siman-Tov	2013
date of death	Henry Levin (5 June 1909 -- 1 May 1980) began as a stage actor and director but was most notable as an American film director of over fifty feature films.	Henry Levin	1 May 1980
date of death	Fred Blackham (6 April 1873 -- 31 January 1967) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Blackham	31 January 1967
date of death	Shalom Zysman (Hebrew: שלום זיסמן‎, born 14 March 1914, died 12 February 1967) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955.	Shalom Zysman	12 February 1967
date of death	William Mellor (1888--1942) was a left-wing British journalist.	William Mellor	1942
date of death	Horatio Nelson, 3rd Earl Nelson (7 August 1823 -- 25 February 1913) was a British politician.	Horatio Nelson, 3rd Earl Nelson	25 February 1913
date of death	Park Jong-yang(korean:박정양, hanja:朴定陽, 1841--1904) was a Korean Joseon dynasty politician and edification activist.	Park Jong-yang	1904
date of death	Lawrence Edwin Blazey (1902--1999) was an American artist and teacher, listed in ``Who's Who in American Art''.	Lawrence Edwin Blazey	1999
date of death	Adoniram Judson Gordon (1836--1895) was an American Baptist preacher, writer, composer, and founder of Gordon College and Gordon--	Adoniram Judson Gordon	1895
date of death	Mary Julia Baldwin (4 October 1829 -- 1 July 1897) was a Virginia educator for whom Mary Baldwin College in Staunton, Virginia, is named.	Mary Julia Baldwin	1 July 1897
date of death	Guido Martino (1895 in Naples - 1922) was an Italian follower of Benito Mussolini.	Guido Martino	1922
date of death	Victor Hasselblad (March 8, 1906 -- August 5, 1978) was a Swedish inventor and photographer, known for inventing the Hasselblad 6x6 cm medium format camera.	Victor Hasselblad	1978
date of death	Peter Oakley (20 August 1927 -- 23 March 2014) was a pensioner from Bakewell, Derbyshire, England.	Peter Oakley	23 March 2014
date of death	Won-il Rhee (Hangul: 이원일; hanja: 李圓一; 2 November 1960 -- 11 January 2011) was a South Korean digital art curator.	Won-il Rhee	11 January 2011
date of death	Robert L. Ketter (1929--1989), was an authority on earthquake engineering research and a former president of the State University of New York at Buffalo (UB).	Robert L. Ketter	1989
date of death	Occo of Schleswig (also Aage, Aagge, Ogge) was the bishop of the Diocese of Schleswig between 1141 and 1145 and again from 1161 to 1167.	Occo of Schleswig	1167
date of death	Richard de la Pole (1480 -- 24 February 1525) was a pretender to the English crown.	Richard de la Pole	24 February 1525
date of death	Lothar Lutze (7 September 1927 -- 4 March 2015) was a Polish-born German scholar, writer, translator, Indologist and the Emeritus Professor of the Department of Modern Languages and Literatures at the Heidelberg University.	Lothar Lutze	4 March 2015
date of death	Ben Essing (1935--1994) was a Dutch impresario from Blokker, Netherlands.	Ben Essing	1994
date of death	Martha Blount (1690--1762) was an English woman, a friend of many English literary figures, especially Alexander Pope.	Martha Blount	1762
date of death	June Harwood (June 16, 1933 -- January, 2015) was an American painter based in California who made a name for herself in the 1960s as an inventive artist of the hard-edge movement.	June Harwood	January, 2015
date of death	Badr al-Jamali (Arabic: بدر الجمالى‎‎, 1015--1094) was a vizier, Amir al-Juyush (امير الجيوش, Commander of Forces), Badi al-Duat (بدى الدعاة, Chief Missionary) and prominent statesman for the Fatimids under the Caliphate and Imamate of Al-Mustansir.	Badr al-Jamali	1094
date of death	George Montagu, 1st Duke of Montagu KG, PC, FRS (26 July 1712 -- 23 May 1790) styled Lord Brudenell until 1732 and known as The Earl of Cardigan between 1732 and 1766, was a British peer.	George Montagu, 1st Duke of Montagu	23 May 1790
date of death	Jack Thorogood (4 April 1911 -- 1970) was an English professional footballer who scored 26 goals in 98 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham and Millwall.	Jack Thorogood	1970
date of death	Thomas Raeburn White (1875--1959) was a prominent attorney, political reformer, newspaper publisher and law professor in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Thomas Raeburn White	1959
date of death	William Stevens Robinson (7 December 1818, Concord, Massachusetts -- 11 March 1876, Malden, Massachusetts) was a United States journalist.	William Stevens Robinson	11 March 1876
date of death	Felice Ficherelli (30 August 1605 -- 5 March 1660) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, born in San Gimignano and active mainly in Tuscany.	Felice Ficherelli	5 March 1660
date of death	Oskar Minkowski (13 January 1858 -- 18 July 1931) held a professorship at the University of Breslau and is most famous for his research on diabetes.	Oskar Minkowski	18 July 1931
date of death	Roberto Cantoral García (7 June 1935 -- 7 August 2010) was a Mexican composer, singer and songwriter.	Roberto Cantoral	7 August 2010
date of death	Sir John Gostwick (c.1480--15 April 1545) was an English courtier, administrator and MP.	John Gostwick	1545
date of death	Netta Rheinberg MBE (24 October 1911 at Willesden, Middlesex -- 18 June 2006) played for the English women's cricket team in a single Test, but was a notable figure in the women's game as an administrator and journalist.	Netta Rheinberg	18 June 2006
date of death	Lalith William Samarasekera Athulathmudali (Sinhala:ලලිත් ඇතුලත්මුදලි; 26 November 1936 -- 23 April 1993) known as Lalith Athulathmudali was a prominent Sri Lankan politician of the United National Party and former Cabinet Minister of Trade, National Security, Agriculture, Education and deputy minister of defence.	Lalith Athulathmudali	23 April 1993
date of death	Terry Bonchaka (c. 1982 -- 29 October 2003) was a Ghanaian hiplife artist who after a performance died in a car accident.	Terry Bonchaka	29 October 2003
date of death	John Henry Clarke (1853 -- 24 November 1931) was a prominent English classical homeopath.	John Henry Clarke	24 November 1931
date of death	Ross Gilmore Marvin (1880--1908) was an Arctic explorer who took part in Robert Peary's 1905--1906 and 1908--1909 expeditions.	Ross Gilmore Marvin	1908
date of death	Laurier Lévesque (October 13, 1929 -- September, 2005) was a Canadian educator and a politician in the Province of New Brunswick.	Laurier Lévesque	2005
date of death	Hugh Philp (1786--1856) was one of the most celebrated golf club makers of his era.	Hugh Philp	1856
date of death	Jan Jiří Benda, also Johann Georg Benda (baptized 16 April or August 30, 1713 in Benátky nad Jizerou -- 1752 in Potsdam), was a Bohemian violinist and composer active in Germany.	Johann Georg Benda	1752
date of death	Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven PC (29 April 1686 -- 1 January 1742), styled The Honourable Peregrine Bertie between 1686 and 1704, Lord Willoughby de Eresby between 1704 and 1715 and Marquess of Lindsey between 1715 and 1723, was a British nobleman and statesman.	Peregrine Bertie, 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven	1 January 1742
date of death	Sir Thomas Foote, 1st Baronet (1598 -- 12 October 1687) was a wealthy Citizen and grocer of London.	Thomas Foote	12 October 1687
date of death	Li Chongjun (李重俊) (died 7 August 707), formally Crown Prince Jiemin (節愍太子), was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the second reign of his father Emperor Zhongzong.	Li Chongjun	7 August 707
date of death	Jæger Dokk (12 December 1921 -- 17 June 2000) was a Norwegian insurance leader.	Jæger Dokk	17 June 2000
date of death	William T.B. Sanford (died 1863) was a road builder, a landowner and the second postmaster of Los Angeles, California, after it became a part of the United States.	William T.B. Sanford	1863
date of death	Edmund Robert Harris (c. 1804 -- 27 May 1877) was an English lawyer from Preston, Lancashire, UK who was the principal benefactor of the Harris Museum, Harris Institute or Art School, Harris Technical School and the Harris Orphanage.	Edmund Robert Harris	27 May 1877
date of death	James Colville, 1st Lord Colville of Culross (1551--1629) was a Scottish soldier and courtier who served in the British Army.	James Colville, 1st Lord Colville of Culross	1629
date of death	Peter Diamand, CBE (8 June 1913 -- 16 January 1998) was an arts administrator and director of the Edinburgh Festival, carrying out that role from 1965 to 1978.	Peter Diamand	16 January 1998
date of death	Dr. Timothy Lin (Chinese: 林道亮) (18 January 1911 - 11 October 2009) was a Chinese-born Old Testament scholar, master of Biblical languages, seminary professor, pastor, and president of China Evangelical Seminary in Taipei, Taiwan.	Timothy Lin	11 October 2009
date of death	Aloisia Brial (died 1972) was a queen of Uvea, ruling from 1953 until 1958.	Aloisia Brial	1972
date of death	Emma Gelders Sterne (1894--1971) was an American author of children's books, with a historical and literary focus.	Emma Gelders Sterne	1971
date of death	Cú Chuimne (died 747) was a monk of Iona.	Cú Chuimne	747
date of death	Georg August Goldfuss (Goldfuß, 18 April 1782 -- 2 October 1848) was a German palaeontologist, zoologist and botanist.	Georg August Goldfuss	2 October 1848
date of death	Erasmus Oswald Schreckenfuchs (1511--1579) was an Austrian humanist, astronomer and Hebraist.	Erasmus Oswald Schreckenfuchs	1579
date of death	Saint Sabbas Stratelates (Sava Stratelat, Sabas Stratilat, Savva Stratilatus), Sabbas the General of Rome (died 272, Tiber River, Rome) -- early Christian warrior saint and martyr, was Roman military general under emperor Aurelian.	Sabbas Stratelates	272
date of death	Giovanni Nicotera (9 September 1828 -- 13 June 1894) was an Italian patriot and politician.	Giovanni Nicotera	13 June 1894
date of death	William Bell Scott (12 September 1811 -- 22 November 1890) was a Scottish artist in oils and watercolour and sometimes printmaking.	William Bell Scott	22 November 1890
date of death	Johann Franz Schenk von Stauffenberg (1658--1740) was Prince-Bishop of Constance from 1704 to 1740 and Prince-Bishop of Augsburg from 1737 to 1740.	Johann Franz Schenk von Stauffenberg	1740
date of death	Dave Arrell (5 April 1913 -- 22 March 1990) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dave Arrell	March 1990
date of death	Yannis Varveris (Greek: Γιάννης Βαρβέρης; 1955 -- 25 May 2011) was an award winning Greek poet, critic and translator.	Yannis Varveris	25 May 2011
date of death	Gustav Tafel (October 13, 1830 -- 1908) was a German-born colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War, and the mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio, from 1897 to 1900.	Gustav Tafel	1908
date of death	Thomas Newcomb (1682?--1765) was an English clergyman and teacher, known as a poet.	Thomas Newcomb	1765
date of death	Robert Dwyer Joyce (1830-1883) was an Irish poet, writer, and collector of traditional Irish music.	Robert Dwyer Joyce	1883
date of death	Joanne Campbell (8 February 1964 -- 20 December 2002) was a British actress and drama therapist best known for playing Liz in the 1980s sitcom Me and My Girl and Josephine Baker on stage in This Is My Dream.	Joanne Campbell	20 December 2002
date of death	Henryk Ignacy Kamieński (31 July 1777, Hruszwicy -- 26 May 1831 at Ostrołęka) was a Polish brigadier general.	Henryk Ignacy Kamieński	26 May 1831
date of death	Sampson the Hospitable (died c. 530) was a citizen of Constantinople who devoted his time to serving the poor of the city.	Sampson the Hospitable	530
date of death	John Bourchier, 1st Baron Berners, KG (died May 1474) was an English peer.	John Bourchier, 1st Baron Berners	May 1474
date of death	H. Ramachandra Shastry (1906 -- 1992) was an Indian Carnatic flautist.	H. Ramachandra Shastry	1992
date of death	Werner Mark Linz (6 April 1935 -- 9 February 2013) was a German-American publisher who specialised in educational and international publishing in the Americas, Europe and the Middle East.	Mark Linz	9 February 2013
date of death	Willem Swidde (Amsterdam c. 1660 - Stockholm 1697) was a Dutch draughtsman and engraver, active in Sweden.	Willem Swidde	1697
date of death	Dayan Michoel Fisher (c. 1910 -- January 7, 2004) was a distinguished Orthodox rabbi, orator and exceptional Talmudic scholar, with complete mental mastery of the entire Talmud.	Michoel Fisher	2004
date of death	Edward Kellogg Baird (July 13, 1876 - 1951), was an attorney and the president of the Century Opera Company.	Edward Kellogg Baird	1951
date of death	Dame Gladys Marea Hartman, DBE (22 June 1920 -- 29 August 1994) was a British athletics sports administrator.	Marea Hartman	29 August 1994
date of death	Vernon Steele (18 September 1882 -- 23 July 1955) was a Chilean-born British actor known for his appearances on the Broadway stage and in American films.	Vernon Steele	23 July 1955
date of death	Věra Kohnová (1929--1942) was a Jewish girl from Czechoslovakia.	Věra Kohnová	1942
date of death	Rudolf Levy (1875--1944) was a renowned painter who worked with and was a student of Henri Matisse.	Rudolf Levy	1944
date of death	Ira Lawson Fiscus (1866-1949) was one of the first professional football players.	Lawson Fiscus	1949
date of death	Fergus Scandal mac Crimthainn (died 582) was a king of Munster from the Eóganacht Airthir Cliach branch of the Eoganachta, the ruling dynasty of Munster.	Fergus Scandal mac Crimthainn	582
date of death	Bonafos Caballeria (died 1464) was an anti-Jewish writer.	Bonafos Caballeria	1464
date of death	Thomas Fonnereau (27 October 1699, in London -- 20 March 1779) was a British businessman and politician, the eldest son of the merchant Claude Fonnereau.	Thomas Fonnereau	20 March 1779
date of death	Sigurd Bødtker (2 February 1866 -- 6 March 1928) was a Norwegian theatre critic.	Sigurd Bødtker	6 March 1928
date of death	Henry Spencer Ashbee (21 April 1834 -- 29 July 1900) was a book collector, writer, and bibliographer, notorious for his massive, clandestine three volume bibliography of erotic literature written under the pseudonym of Pisanus Fraxi.	Henry Spencer Ashbee	29 July 1900
date of death	Mykola Koltsov (Ukrainian: Микола Михайлович Кольцов; 11 May 1936 -- 27 December 2011) was a Soviet footballer and Ukrainian football children and youth trainer.	Mykola Koltsov	27 December 2011
date of death	Marcel Lanquetuit (8 June 1894 -- 21 May 1985) was a French composer, organist, conductor, improviser and teacher of music.	Marcel Lanquetuit	21 May 1985
date of death	Timothy Read (fl. 1626 -- 1647) was a comic actor of the Caroline era, and one of the most famous and popular performers of his generation.	Timothy Read	1647
date of death	Gerald Massey (/ˈmæsi/; 29 May 1828 -- 29 October 1907) was an English poet and writer on Spiritualism and Ancient Egypt.	Gerald Massey	29 October 1907
date of death	George Plant (1904--1942) was an IRA member who was executed by the Irish Government in 1942.	George Plant	1942
date of death	Yusuf Salim (1929--2008), born Joseph Blair, was an American jazz pianist and composer.	Yusuf Salim	2008
date of death	Ammar Ali Mohamed Ibrahim Ali Al Sherei (Arabic: عمار علي محمد إبراهيم علي الشريعي‎) or more commonly known as Ammar El Sherei (16 April 1948 -- 7 December 2012) was an Egyptian music icon, performer and composer.	Ammar El Sherei	7 December 2012
date of death	Joe Youlden (21 November 1883 -- 17 August 1959) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Youlden	17 August 1959
date of death	Giacinto Facchetti (Italian pronunciation: (dʒaˈtʃinto fakˈketti); 18 July 1942 -- 4 September 2006) was an Italian football player.	Giacinto Facchetti	4 September 2006
date of death	Sir Thomas Myddelton, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1651 -- 5 February 1684) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1679 and 1681.	Sir Thomas Myddelton, 2nd Baronet	5 February 1684
date of death	Deliar Noer (9 February 1926 -- 17 June 2008) was a Muslim scholar, politician, lecturer and former director of State University of Jakarta.	Deliar Noer	17 June 2008
date of death	Rabbi Chaim Tzvi Teitelbaum, (December 28, 1879 -- January 21, 1926), (6 shevat 5686 on the Hebrew calendar), the Sigheter Rebbe, author of Atzei Chaim, was the oldest son of Rabbi Chananya Yom Tov Lipa Teitelbaum the Kedushas Yom Tov.	Chaim Tzvi Teitelbaum	1926
date of death	Hagbard Jonassen (24 May 1903 -- 1 March 1977) was a Danish botanist, quaternary geologist, war resister and nuclear disarmament proponent.	Hagbard Jonassen	1 March 1977
date of death	Thomas Stearn (born 20 November 1796 at Cambridge; died 21 March 1862 at Cambridge) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1840.	Thomas Stearn	21 March 1862
date of death	Joe Bray (26 October 1886 -- 22 July 1955) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Bray	22 July 1955
date of death	José Benito Lamas (Montevideo, 12 January 1787 - 9 May 1857) was a Roman Catholic priest from the Banda Oriental.	José Benito Lamas	9 May 1857
date of death	Harriet Sundström, ( 23 December 1872 -- 28 April 1961 in Stockholm) was a Swedish artist.	Harriet Sundström	28 April 1961
date of death	Richard Kilby (Kilbye) (1560--1620) was an English scholar and priest.	Richard Kilby	1620
date of death	Árpád Weisz (also spelt Veisz; 16 April 1896 -- 31 January 1944) was a Hungarian football player and manager.	Árpád Weisz	31 January 1944
date of death	Henry John Wallack (1790 -- 30 August 1870) was a British actor, stage manager, and brother of actor James William Wallack.	Henry John Wallack	30 August 1870
date of death	Kurt Lubinski (October 19, 1899 -- 1969) was a Jewish German and Dutch photojournalist.	Kurt Lubinski	1969
date of death	John la Zouche, 7th Baron Zouche, 8th Baron St Maur (1459--1526) was a Yorkist nobleman, noted for his loyalty to Richard III, under whom he fought at the Battle of Bosworth.	John la Zouche, 7th Baron Zouche, 8th Baron St Maur	1526
date of death	James Nayler (or Naylor; 1616--1660) was an English Quaker leader.	James Nayler	1660
date of death	Anastas Byku (died 1878) was a 19th-century Albanian publisher and journalist.	Anastas Byku	1878
date of death	Peter Ingram Weir (1864--1943) was a Scottish artist noted for his watercolour paintings of Scottish landscapes.	Peter Ingram Weir	1943
date of death	Stanley Stanley Van Ness (February 28, 1933--September 26, 2007) was an American jurist who worked for a number of state agencies in New Jersey, USA.	Stanley Van Ness	2007
date of death	William Whitshed (1679--1727) was an Irish politician and judge who held office as Solicitor-General and Lord Chief Justice of Ireland; just before his death he moved to become Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas.	William Whitshed	1727
date of death	Mary Theresa Wiedefeld (February 2, 1886 -- November 1983) was the seventh president (formerly principal) of State Teachers College at Towson (now Towson University).	Mary Theresa Wiedefeld	November 1983
date of death	Pilar Hidalgo-Lim (1893--1973) was a Filipino educator and civic leader.	Pilar Hidalgo-Lim	1973
date of death	Matts Evert Kulenius (8 March 1879, Terjärv - 4 February 1958) was a Finnish schoolteacher and politician.	Evert Kulenius	4 February 1958
date of death	Louis Wollbrinck (1867-1928; spelling variations include ``Wollbrink'' and ``Wolbrinck'') was a civil servant, entrepreneur and builder in St. Louis, Missouri during the Gilded Age.	Louis Wollbrinck	1928
date of death	Philip Holzman (1922--2004) was the Esther and Sidney R. Rabb Professor of Psychology at Harvard University and a supervising and training analyst at the Boston Psychoanalytic Society and Institute.	Philip Holzman	2004
date of death	Allan Gwynne-Jones CBE DSO RA (27 March 1892 -- 5 August 1982) was an English painter.	Allan Gwynne-Jones	5 August 1982
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Emmanuel Hoyle, 1st Baronet OBE, JP (23 September 1866 -- 9 May 1939), was a British woollen cloth manufacturer.	Emmanuel Hoyle	9 May 1939
date of death	Diethard Hellmann (28 December 1928 -- 14 October 1999) was a German Kantor and an academic in Leipzig, Mainz and Munich.	Diethard Hellmann	14 October 1999
date of death	Baltazar Nicolai Garben (19 February 1794 -- 21 April 1867) was a Norwegian architect and government minister.	Baltazar Nicolai Garben	21 April 1867
date of death	Wincenty Kowalski (1892--1984) was a Polish military commander and a general of the Polish Army.	Wincenty Kowalski	1984
date of death	Huguccio was an Italian canon lawyer (d. 1210).	Huguccio	1210
date of death	Fanny Davies (27 June 1861 -- 1 September 1934) was a British pianist who was particularly admired in Beethoven, Schumann, Brahms, and the early schools, but was also a very early London performer of the works of Debussy and Scriabin.	Fanny Davies	1 September 1934
date of death	George Thomas Orlando Bridgeman JP (21 August 1823 -- 25 November 1895) was a Church of England clergyman and antiquary, the second son of George Bridgeman, 2nd Earl of Bradford.	George Thomas Orlando Bridgeman	25 November 1895
date of death	Abdul Mannan Syed (3 August 1943 -- 5 September 2010) was a Bangladeshi poet, author and researcher.	Abdul Mannan Syed	2010
date of death	Wally Messenger (1891--1961) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1910s.	Wally Messenger	1961
date of death	Hajo Meyer (12 August 1924 -- 23 August 2014) was a Jewish German-Dutch physicist and an anti-Zionist political activist.	Hajo Meyer	23 August 2014
date of death	David Patillo White (1828-1903) was a shape note singing teacher, composer, and a co-issuer, with his father, of the 1870 Sacred Harp.	David Patillo White	1903
date of death	Umberto Ongania (Venice 1867-1942) was an Italian painter, mainly of vedute of his native city.	Umberto Ongania	1942
date of death	Charles Milton Bell (1848 -- 1893) was an American photographer who was noted for his portraits of Native Americans and other figures of the United States in the late 1800s.	Charles Milton Bell	1893
date of death	John Hans Stroh (15 May 1916 -- 17 September 1996) was an Australian health advocate, businessman and researcher.	John Hans Stroh	17 September 1996
date of death	Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa (? - August 9, 1698) Spanish soldier born in Concepción, Chile, son of Alonso de Figueroa y Córdoba and father of the historian Pedro de Cordova y Figueroa.	Alonso de Cordova y Figueroa	1698
date of death	Ludvig Kristensen Daa (19 August 1809 -- 12 June 1877) was a Norwegian historian, ethnologist, auditor, editor of magazines and newspapers, educator and politician.	Ludvig Kristensen Daa	12 June 1877
date of death	Jirhangga (Manchu: ; Chinese: 吉爾杭阿) (? -- June 1, 1856) belonged to Bordered Yellow Banner.	Jirhangga	1856
date of death	Thomas Pell (1612/13--1669) was an English-born physician who bought the area known as Pelham, New York, as well as land that now includes the eastern Bronx and southern Westchester County, New York, and founded the town of Westchester at the head of navigation on Westchester Creek in 1654.	Thomas Pell	1669
date of death	George Alexander McGuire (28 March 1866--10 November 1934) was the first Bishop, Metropolitan Archbishop of the African Orthodox Church (AOC).	George Alexander McGuire	10 November 1934
date of death	Sir William McNair Snadden, 1st Baronet JP (15 January 1896 -- 23 November 1959) was a Scottish Tory politician.	William McNair Snadden	23 November 1959
date of death	Lieutenant General Sir Jasper Nicolls KCB (15 July 1778 -- 4 May 1849) was Commander-in-Chief, India.	Jasper Nicolls	4 May 1849
date of death	Jason McRoy (26 November 1971 -- 24 August 1995) was an English professional mountain bike racer.	Jason McRoy	24 August 1995
date of death	Michael Sigismund Frank (1 June 1770 -- 16 January 1847) was a Catholic artist and rediscoverer of the lost art of glass-painting.	Michael Sigismund Frank	16 January 1847
date of death	Jenő Lasztovicza (21 December 1961 -- 8 January 2015) was a Hungarian horticultural engineer, politician and member of the National Assembly (MP) for Tapolca (Veszprém County Constituency IV then III) from 1998 until his death in early 2015.	Jenő Lasztovicza	8 January 2015
date of death	John Maxwell, 9th Lord Maxwell (c.1583 -- 21 May 1613) was a Scottish Catholic nobleman.	John Maxwell, 9th Lord Maxwell	21 May 1613
date of death	Zhang Mancheng (died 184) was a Yellow Turban rebel general during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Zhang Mancheng	184
date of death	Agostinho José da Mota (b. 18 June 1824 Rio de Janeiro, d. 21 August 1878 Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian painter and teacher.	Agostinho José da Mota	21 August 1878
date of death	Christiana Hartley (1872 -- 14 December 1948) was an English social and welfare rights activist, philanthropist and Liberal Party politician.	Christiana Hartley	14 December 1948
date of death	Eliezer Cogan (1762--1855), was an English scholar and divine.	Eliezer Cogan	1855
date of death	Minamoto no Kintada (889--948, Japanese: 源 公忠, also 源公忠朝臣 Miyamoto no Kintada Ason) was a middle Heian waka poet and nobleman.	Minamoto no Kintada	948
date of death	Dušan Grabrijan (1899--1952) was a Slovenian-Bosnian architect, architectural theorist and professor.	Dušan Grabrijan	1952
date of death	Publius Sulpicius Quirinius (c. 51 BC -- AD 21) was a Roman aristocrat.	Quirinius	21
date of death	William de Aldeburgh, 2nd Baron Aldeburgh (bef. 1358 -- 20 August 1391) was a British peer, the son of William de Aldeburgh, 1st Baron Aldeburgh.	William de Aldeburgh, 2nd Baron Aldeburgh	20 August 1391
date of death	Alan Clare (Born Alan Jaycock) (31 May 1921 -- 29 November 1993) was a British jazz pianist.	Alan Clare	29 November 1993
date of death	Georg Dietrich Leyding (or Leiding) (German: (ˈlaɪdɪŋ); 23 February 1664 -- 10 May 1710) was a German composer and organist associated with the North German school.	Georg Dietrich Leyding	10 May 1710
date of death	Abraham Newland (born c. 1730, died 21 November 1807 aged 77) was the chief cashier at the Bank of England from 1782 to 1807.	Abraham Newland	1807
date of death	Jackie Oakes (6 December 1919 -- 3 December 1995) was a Scottish footballer who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Queen of the South, Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City.	Jackie Oakes	3 December 1995
date of death	Per Maltby (1933 -- 2006) is a Norwegian astronomer.	Per Maltby	2006
date of death	Larry Grayson (31 August 1923 -- 7 January 1995), born William Sulley White, was an English comedian and television presenter who was best known in the 1970s and early '80s.	Larry Grayson	7 January 1995
date of death	Abdul Rahman Jabarah (عبدالرحمن جبارة) was a Canadian killed in a July 2003 firefight with Saudi Arabian officials who believed he was involved in the Riyadh compound bombings by al-Qaeda.	Abdul Rahman Jabarah	2003
date of death	Narasimha I (Kannada: ಒಂದನೆ ನರಸಿಂಹ) (r.1152--1173 CE) was a ruler of the Hoysala Empire.	Narasimha I	1173
date of death	Pope Innocent XI (Latin: Innocentius XI; 16 May 1611 -- 12 August 1689), born Benedetto Odescalchi, was Pope from 21 September 1676 to his death in 1689.	Pope Innocent XI	12 August 1689
date of death	John Furphy (17 June 1842 -- 23 September 1920) was a blacksmith, best known for his Furphy Water Carts that were an important part of Australia's history.	John Furphy	23 September 1920
date of death	Alfred Charlesworth (9 May 1865 -- 4 December 1928) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1888 and 1898.	Alfred Charlesworth	4 December 1928
date of death	Jacques de l'Ange or the Monogrammist JAD (fl. 1630 -- 1650) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman known for his genre scenes and history paintings executed in a Caravaggesque style.	Jacques de l'Ange	1650
date of death	Sidi Abd As-Salam Al-Asmar (Arabic: عبد السلام الأسمر‎, Al-Lasmar `Abd as-Salām) was a renowned religious Libyan Muslim saint who lived and died during the 15th century (1455-1575 CE).	Abd As-Salam Al-Asmar	1575
date of death	Ji Dengkui (Chinese: 纪登奎; 17 March 1923 -- 13 July 1988) was a prominent Chinese political figure during the Cultural Revolution.	Ji Dengkui	13 July 1988
date of death	Roland Ratzenberger (4 July 1960 -- 30 April 1994) was an Austrian racing driver who raced in sports prototype, Formula Nippon, Formula 3000 and Formula One.	Roland Ratzenberger	30 April 1994
date of death	Derek Humble (March 1930-22 February 1971) was an English jazz alto saxophonist.	Derek Humble	22 February 1971
date of death	Vojislav Nikčević (Serbian: Војислав Никчевић; 18 January 1935 -- 2 July 2007) was a Montenegrin linguist.	Vojislav Nikčević	2 July 2007
date of death	Daniel of Morley (c. 1140 -- c. 1210) was an English scholastic philosopher and astronomer.	Daniel of Morley	1210
date of death	Augustus George Vernon Harcourt FRS (24 December 1834 -- 23 August 1919) was an English chemist who spent his career at Oxford University.	Augustus George Vernon Harcourt	23 August 1919
date of death	Charles Kraitsir (28 January 1804 in Schmolnitz, Hungary -- 7 May 1860 in Morrisania, New York) was a Hungarian-American philologist of Polish descent.	Charles Kraitsir	7 May 1860
date of death	Matt Incigneri (1 February 1891 -- 24 October 1960)was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Matt Incigneri	24 October 1960
date of death	Saint Primianus or Primianus of Larino (Italian: San Primiano or Primiano Martire) (d. 15 May 303 or 304) is the patron saint of Lesina, Apulia, in Italy.	Primianus of Larino	15 May 303
date of death	Sir William Bisset Berry (26 July 1839 -- 8 June 1922) was a South African politician and the fourth Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the Cape Colony.	Bisset Berry	8 June 1922
date of death	Aajonus Vonderplanitz (born Richard Swigart in 1947, died 28 August 2013) was an American nutritionist and activist, based in Malibu, California, and in Thailand, who developed the Primal Diet.	Aajonus Vonderplanitz	28 August 2013
date of death	Edwin Davis French (1851--1906) was a bookplate engraver, who produced at least 330 engravings beginning in 1893.	Edwin Davis French	1906
date of death	David Kraiselburd (1912--1974) was an Argentine journalist, newspaper publisher, and lawyer, best known for his commitment and actions against military regimes and political violence of both right- and left-wing extraction.	David Kraiselburd	1974
date of death	Alfred Harker FRS (19 February 1859 -- 28 July 1939) was an English geologist who specialised in petrology and interpretive petrography.	Alfred Harker	28 July 1939
date of death	Dai Xi (Chinese: 戴熙; pinyin: Dài Xī; Wade--Giles: Tai Hsi) (1801 -- 1860) was a Chinese painter of the 19th century and representative of the academic manner.	Dai Xi	1860
date of death	Krzysztof Grodzicki (died 1659) was a Polish artillery general, serving the Polish--	Krzysztof Grodzicki	1659
date of death	Rudolf Hitrec (born 1903 in Zagreb - died 1970 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer and international manager.	Rudolf Hitrec	1970
date of death	Peter Philipp (16 July 1971 -- 6 February 2014) was a German writer and comedian.	Peter Philipp	6 February 2014
date of death	Saint Godric of Finchale (or Saint Goderic) (c. 1065 -- 21 May 1170) was an English hermit, merchant and popular medieval saint, although he was never formally canonised.	Godric of Finchale	21 May 1170
date of death	Declan Costello (1 August 1926 -- 6 June 2011) was an Irish jurist and Fine Gael politician, who served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for twenty years, as Attorney General for four years and as a High Court judge for another twenty years before his retirement.	Declan Costello	6 June 2011
date of death	The Honourable Justice Geza Francis Kim Santow AO (11 March 1941 -- 10 April 2008) was an Australian Judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales Court of Appeal.	Kim Santow	10 April 2008
date of death	Otto Huth (1906--1998) was a German theologian, ethnologist, archeologist and an expert on folklore, who taught at the University of Tübingen.	Otto Huth	1998
date of death	Hernán Díaz Arrieta (1891--1984), widely known by his pen name, Alone, was a Chilean literary and film critic and memoirist.	Hernán Díaz Arrieta	1984
date of death	Nebiogastes (Greek: Νεοβιγάστης or Νεβιγάστιος; died 407 AD) was a Roman military commander that supported the usurper Constantine III.	Nebiogastes	407
date of death	James Bateman (18 July 1811 -- 27 November 1897) was a British landowner and accomplished horticulturist.	James Bateman	27 November 1897
date of death	William Arthur Irving Washington (11 December 1879 -- 20 October 1927) was an English first-class Cricketer, who played forty four matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1900 and 1902.	Irving Washington	20 October 1927
date of death	Alonso Enríquez (Guadalcanal, 1354 Guadalupe, 1429) was Lord of Medina de Rioseco and Admiral of Castile.	Alonso Enríquez	1429
date of death	William Henry Wahl (14 December 1848 Philadelphia - 23 March 1909) was a United States scientific editor and journalist.	William Henry Wahl	23 March 1909
date of death	Julián Robledo (1887 -- 1940) was a composer best known for the song ``Three O'Clock in the Morning''.	Julián Robledo	1940
date of death	John Crewe, 1st Baron Crewe (27 September 1742 -- 28 April 1829), of Crewe Hall in Cheshire, was a British politician.	John Crewe, 1st Baron Crewe	28 April 1829
date of death	Dagon Khin Khin Lay (Burmese: ဒဂုံ ခင်ခင်လေး (dəɡòʊɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ lé); 20 February 1904 -- 23 June 1981) was a Burmese novelist, screenwriter, and cinematographer.	Dagon Khin Khin Lay	23 June 1981
date of death	June Bragger (2 June 1929 in Birmingham -- 27 June 1997 in Solihull, Warwickshire) played 5 test matches for the England women's cricket team between 1963 and 1966.	June Bragger	27 June 1997
date of death	Louis-Philippe Fiset (11 January 1854 -- 4 September 1934) was a local physician and politician in the Mauricie area.	Louis-Philippe Fiset	4 September 1934
date of death	Aldwine (or Aldwyn, Aldwini or Ealdwine; died 737) was a medieval Bishop of Lichfield and Bishop of Leicester.	Aldwine	737
date of death	Bandi Rajan Babu (9 February 1938 -- 25 August 2011) was an Indian photographer, known for his black and white pictures of tribal people.	Bandi Rajan Babu	25 August 2011
date of death	Zahir Howaida (Persian:ظاهرهویدا) (also spelled as Zahir Huwaida; February 28, 1946 -- 5 March 2012) was an Afghan singer.	Zahir Howaida	5 March 2012
date of death	Sir David Brewster KH PRSE FRS FSA(Scot) FSSA MICE (11 December 1781 -- 10 February 1868) was a Scottish physicist, mathematician, astronomer, inventor, writer, historian of science and university principal.	David Brewster	10 February 1868
date of death	Richard Gwinnett (died 1717) was an English dramatist.	Richard Gwinnett	1717
date of death	Henri Coutard (27 April 1876 -- 16 March 1950) was a French pioneer in radiation oncology and is credited with establishing radiotherapy as a clinical discipline.	Henri Coutard	16 March 1950
date of death	George M'Gonigle (1889--1939) was Medical Officer of Health for Stockton-on-Tees, UK.	George M'Gonigle	1939
date of death	Noël Corbu (27 April 1912 -- 20 May 1968) is best known as a former restaurateur in the Southern French village of Rennes-le-Château, who from the mid-1950s circulated the story that the 19th-century French priest Bérenger Saunière discovered the treasure of Blanche of Castile.	Noël Corbu	20 May 1968
date of death	Samuel Carlton Cooley (April 15, 1898 in Milford, New Jersey -- November 1981 in Stockton, New Jersey) was an American violist and composer.	Carlton Cooley	1981
date of death	Ebba Lodden, née Sjuve (9 November 1913 -- 14 January 1997) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Labour Party.	Ebba Lodden	14 January 1997
date of death	John Goldicutt (1793 -- 3 October 1842) was a British architect, the son of a bank cashier, who was better known for his architectural drawings than his completed buildings.	John Goldicutt	3 October 1842
date of death	Ben E. May (1889--1972) was a Mobile, Alabama, businessman and philanthropist who helped found the Ben May Institute for Cancer Research at the University of Chicago and established the Southern Research Institute in Birmingham, Alabama.	Ben E. May	1972
date of death	Soo Ik Lee, MD (died 1995) was a Korean-born American neurologist and a subspecialist in clinical neurophysiology based at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Soo Ik Lee	1995
date of death	Edward John Trelawny (13 November 1792 -- 13 August 1881) was a biographer, novelist and adventurer who is best known for his friendship with the Romantic poets Percy Bysshe Shelley and Lord Byron.	Edward John Trelawny	13 August 1881
date of death	Carl Gustaf Wolff (28 October 1800 - 19 July 1868) was a prominent Finnish shipowner and businessman during his time.	Carl Gustaf Wolff	19 July 1868
date of death	James Benjamin Taylor aka Jim B. Taylor (December 1860 Cape Town -- 25 December 1944 Cape Town), was a South African Randlord and the fifth of 8 children of Isaac Rowland Taylor (6 November 1826 Holborn -- 22 August 1888 Kimberley) and Jane Dorothea Hellet (7 May 1827 -- 27 November 1876).	Jim B. Taylor	25 December 1944
date of death	Maurice Jones (alias Meurig Prysor) (21 June 1863 -- 7 December 1957) was a priest and university educator.	Maurice Jones	7 December 1957
date of death	Nicolas-André Monsiau (1754 -- 31 May 1837) was a French history painter and a refined draughtsman who turned to book illustration to supplement his income when the French Revolution disrupted patronage.	Nicolas-André Monsiau	31 May 1837
date of death	Alma Smith Jacobs (21 November 1916 -- 18 December 1997) was the first African American to serve as Montana State Librarian.	Alma Smith Jacobs	18 December 1997
date of death	Christopher Ness (1621--1705) was an English ejected minister and theological author.	Christopher Ness	1705
date of death	George Carpenter, 1st Earl of Tyrconnell (26 August 1723 -- 9 March 1762), known as The Lord Carpenter between 1749 and 1761, was a British peer and politician.	George Carpenter, 1st Earl of Tyrconnell	9 March 1762
date of death	Yvonne Hubert (28 May 1895 -- 8 June 1988) was a Belgian-born Canadian pianist and pedagogue.	Yvonne Hubert	8 June 1988
date of death	Thomas Lomar Gray (4 February 1850 -- 19 December 1908) was a Scottish engineer noted for his pioneering work in seismology.	Thomas Lomar Gray	19 December 1908
date of death	Yoshio Masuda (died 2009) was a former Japanese naval commander, regarded as the father of modern wave power technology.	Yoshio Masuda	2009
date of death	Ray Gilhooley (15 July 1887, in New York City, New York -- 18 September 1973, in New Milford, Connecticut ) was an American racecar driver.	Ray Gilhooley	18 September 1973
date of death	Yolanda Marculescu (also Yolanda Marculescu-Stern; 2 April 1923 -- 19 December 1992) was a Romanian coloratura soprano and diva of the Romanian National Opera in Bucharest from 1948 to 1968.	Yolanda Marculescu	December 1992
date of death	Ian Roy MacLennan DFM, FRAIC, MTPIC, RAF & RCAF (4 April 1919 -- 6 November 2013), was a Canadian fighter pilot of the Second World War who later became a successful architect.	Ian Roy MacLennan	6 November 2013
date of death	Ernő Garami (13 December 1876 - 28 May 1935) was a Hungarian mechanic who became a social democratic politician and editor, who served as Minister of Justice in 1919.	Ernő Garami	28 May 1935
date of death	Sir Dennis Weatherstone KBE (29 November 1930 -- 13 June 2008) was the former CEO and Chairman of J. P. Morgan & Co..	Dennis Weatherstone	13 June 2008
date of death	Haji Mir Mohammad Zainuddin (d. 1850 AD) was Faujdar during Bhonsle Dynasty at Nagpur.	Mohammad Zainuddin	1850
date of death	Isabella d'Este (18 May 1474 -- 13 February 1539) was Marchesa of Mantua and one of the leading women of the Italian Renaissance as a major cultural and political figure.	Isabella d'Este	13 February 1539
date of death	John Wykeham Archer (1808--1864) was a British artist, engraver and writer.	John Wykeham Archer	1864
date of death	Gabriel de la Corte (1648 -- 6 August 1694) was a Spanish painter with little success who lived in poverty, specializing in the painting of vases, baskets, garlands and signboards, that he had learned to paint without help of any teacher.	Gabriel de la Corte	6 August 1694
date of death	Gouyen (in Mescalero Góyą́ń, ``the one who is wise'') (c. 1857-1903), was a 19th-century Apache woman noted for her heroism.	Gouyen	1903
date of death	Sigurd Overby (1899--1979) was am American skier.	Sigurd Overby	1979
date of death	John Patrick Gillese (March 7, 1920 -- 23 October 1999) was an Irish-born Canadian author whose prolific career spanned six decades from the early 1940s to the late 1990s.	John Patrick Gillese	23 October 1999
date of death	Đorđe Lobačev (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Лобачев) or Yuriy Lobachev (Russian: Юрий Лобачев; 1909--2002) was a Soviet Russian and Serbian-Yugoslavian comic strip author and illustrator.	Đorđe Lobačev	2002
date of death	Elsie Jane Wilson (7 November 1885 -- 16 January 1965) was a cinema actress, director, and writer during the early film era.	Elsie Jane Wilson	16 January 1965
date of death	Aharon Dolgopolsky (Hebrew: אהרון דולגופולסקי‎, Russian: Арон Борисович Долгопольский; 18 November 1930 -- 20 July 2012) was a Russian-Israeli linguist and one of the modern founders of comparative Nostratic linguistics.	Aharon Dolgopolsky	20 July 2012
date of death	Brian Keany, RSW, DA (Edin) (1945 -- February 2007) was a Scottish painter and teacher, who was elected as a member of The Royal Scottish Society of Painters in Watercolour.	Brian Keany	February 2007
date of death	Maria Korp (born Maria Matilde; 14 January 1955 -- 5 August 2005) was an Australian woman reported missing for four days and later found, barely alive, in the boot of her car on 13 February 2005.	Maria Korp	5 August 2005
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Cecil Kaye CBE CSI CIE (27 May 1868 -- 5 March 1935) was an officer in the British Indian Army.	Cecil Kaye	5 March 1935
date of death	José Antonio de Armas Chitty (30 November 1908 -- 6 October 1995) was a Venezuelan historian, poet, chronicler, essayist, biographer and researcher.	José Antonio de Armas Chitty	6 October 1995
date of death	Maxwell M. Geffen (born May 28, 1896, in Brooklyn, New York, died in March 1980 in New York) was an American publisher.	Maxwell M. Geffen	1980
date of death	Eduardo Propper de Callejón (1895--1972) was a Spanish diplomat who is mainly remembered for having facilitated the escape of thousands of Jews from occupied France during World War II between 1940 and 1944.	Eduardo Propper de Callejón	1972
date of death	Elizabeth de Burgh (c. 1284 -- 27 October 1327) was the second wife and the only queen consort of King Robert the Bruce.	Elizabeth de Burgh	27 October 1327
date of death	Prof. Hamida Barmaki (4 January 1970 -- 28 January 2011) was a renowned Afghan law professor and human rights activist.	Hamida Barmaki	28 January 2011
date of death	Robert Getgood (1882 -- 30 November 1964), sometimes known as Bob Getgood, was a politician and trade unionist in Northern Ireland.	Robert Getgood	30 November 1964
date of death	Marcelle de Manziarly (born 1/13 October 1899, Kharkiv, Ukraine, then in Russian Empire - died 12 May 1989) was a French pianist, music educator, conductor and composer.	Marcelle de Manziarly	12 May 1989
date of death	Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon PC (10 December 1650 -- 30 May 1701) was an English politician.	Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon	1701
date of death	Clementina Suárez (12 May 1902 -- 1991) was an early Honduran writer who broke social norms.	Clementina Suárez	1991
date of death	Liv Paulsen (29 November 1925 -- 3 November 2001) was a Norwegian 100 metres sprinter and shot putter.	Liv Paulsen	3 November 2001
date of death	Joseph Morley Drake (1828-1886) was a doctor and educator.	Joseph Morley Drake	1886
date of death	Bruce Stern (25 September 1942 -- 18 July 2007) was an American attorney, photographer, and gun collector.	Bruce Stern	18 July 2007
date of death	Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach (20 July 1656 -- 5 April 1723) was an Austrian architect, sculptor, and architectural historian whose Baroque architecture profoundly influenced and shaped the tastes of the Habsburg Empire.	Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach	5 April 1723
date of death	Giulio Bartolocci (1 April 1613 -- 19 October 1687) was an Italian Cistercian Hebrew scholar and author of the four volume Bibliotheca Magna Rabbinica.	Giulio Bartolocci	19 October 1687
date of death	Tobias Querfurt, also Tobias Querfurt the Elder, (1660 -- 13 September 1734) was a German painter, draughtsman, and engraver.	Tobias Querfurt	13 September 1734
date of death	Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria (German: (Erzherzog) Josef Karl (Ludwig) von Österreich, Hungarian: Habsburg--Toscanai József Károly (Lajos) főherceg; Pressburg, 2 March 1833 -- Fiume, 13 June 1905) was a member of the Habsburg dynasty.	Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria	13 June 1905
date of death	Daniel Davis Jr. (1813--1887) was an American photographer, daguerreotypist and ambrotypist.	Daniel Davis Jr.	1887
date of death	Robert Hayden (4 August 1913 -- 25 February 1980) was an American poet, essayist, educator.	Robert Hayden	25 February 1980
date of death	Baburao Patel (1904--1982) was an Indian publisher and writer, associated with films and politics.	Baburao Patel	1982
date of death	Mufasir-ul-Haq (16 August 1944, Karnal, India -- 27 July 1983) was a Pakistani cricketer who played in one Test in 1965.	Mufasir-ul-Haq	27 July 1983
date of death	Robert McBain (9 October 1932 -- 24 April 2004) was an English actor, photographer and artist.	Robert McBain	24 April 2004
date of death	Anders Jonas Ångström (Swedish: (ˈan.ˈdəʂ ˈjuː.ˈnas ˈɔŋ.ˈstrøm); 13 August 1814 -- 21 June 1874) was a Swedish physicist and one of the founders of the science of spectroscopy.	Anders Jonas Ångström	21 June 1874
date of death	Praise-God Barebone (c. 1598 --1679), also spelled Barbon, was an English leather-seller, preacher and Fifth Monarchist.	Praise-God Barebone	1679
date of death	John Frederick Weishampel (April 4, 1808 -- November, 1883) was a Baltimore, Maryland, minister and author.	John Frederick Weishampel	1883
date of death	Gustav Lærum (2 June 1870, in Fet -- 21 May 1938) was a Norwegian satirical illustrator and sculptor.	Gustav Lærum	21 May 1938
date of death	John Gardiner Calkins Brainard (1795--1828) was an American lawyer, editor and poet.	John Gardiner Calkins Brainard	1828
date of death	William Weekes Fowler (January 1849 - 3 June 1923 ) was an English clergyman and entomologist mainly interested in beetles.	William Weekes Fowler	3 June 1923
date of death	Wallace Walter Atwood (1872 -- 1949) was an American geographer and geologist.	Wallace Walter Atwood	1949
date of death	Michael Murgatroyd (1925 -- 2004) was an English-born Scottish nationalist political activist.	Michael Murgatroyd	2004
date of death	Catherine Trianon, née Boule, called La Trianon (1627 - 6 May 1681), was a French fortune teller and poisoner, one of the accused in the famous Poison Affair.	Catherine Trianon	6 May 1681
date of death	Milton Drake (3 August, 1912 - 13 November, 2006) was an American lyricist and performing rights administrator.	Milton Drake	13 November, 2006
date of death	Charles Wesley Hambly (June 3, 1863 -- 1942) was a drover and political figure in Ontario.	Charles Wesley Hambly	1942
date of death	Johann Karl Zeune (29 October 1736 -- 8 November 1788) was a German academic and philologist.	Johann Karl Zeune	8 November 1788
date of death	Alexander Pitcairn (1750 -- 17 November 1814) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire and the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1791 to 1792.	Alexander Pitcairn	17 November 1814
date of death	Sir Baynham Throckmorton, 3rd Baronet (11 December 1629 -- 31 July 1681) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1679.	Sir Baynham Throckmorton, 3rd Baronet	31 July 1681
date of death	Joseph Henry Woodger (2 May 1894 - 8 March 1981) was a British theoretical biologist and philosopher of biology whose attempts to make biological sciences more rigorous and empirical was significantly influential to the philosophy of biology in the twentieth century.	Joseph Henry Woodger	8 March 1981
date of death	Major Richard Harry Heslop (23 January 1907 -- 17 January 1973), DSO was a British agent for the Special Operations Executive during World War II. He worked for the French section of the organisation, and under the codename Xavier, was the organiser of the Marksman circuit.	Richard Harry Heslop	17 January 1973
date of death	Marion Harvie Barnard (1874--1969) was a suffragist.	Marion Harvie Barnard	1969
date of death	Tadun (died 207) was a leader of the Wuhuan tribe during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Tadun	207
date of death	Mads Alstrup (1808-1876) was the first Danish portrait photographer with his own studio.	Mads Alstrup	1876
date of death	Roy Holt (1942--2007) was a British contemporary artist specialising in painting.	Roy Holt	2007
date of death	Matei Ghica, a member of the Ghica family, was the Prince of Wallachia between 11 September 1752 and 22 June 1753, and Prince of Moldavia between 22 June 1753 and 8 February 1756.	Matei Ghica	8 February 1756
date of death	Frank Farrelly (1931 -- 10 February 2013) was a therapist best known for the 1974 book Provocative Therapy, which advocated radical (and sometimes humorous) therapeutic moves intended to jolt the client out of his current mindset.	Frank Farrelly	10 February 2013
date of death	Dempsey Travis (1920-2009) was a real estate entrepreneur and civil rights activist who, later in life, became a prominent historian and author, writing extensively on African American history, politics, social issues, and music.	Dempsey Travis	2009
date of death	Arthur Murray Goodhart (christened 25 July 1866 -- 1941) was a British composer and organist.	Arthur Murray Goodhart	1941
date of death	Pierre Robert Olivétan (c.1506-1538) a Waldensian by faith was the first to translate the Bible into the French language starting from the Hebrew and Greek texts.	Pierre Robert Olivétan	1538
date of death	William Paton Ker (usually referred to as W. P. Ker; 30 August 1855 -- 17 July 1923) was a Scottish literary scholar and essayist.	W. P. Ker	17 July 1923
date of death	Ken Rattenbury (10 September 1920--9 April 2001) was an English jazz trumpeter, pianist and composer and author born in Spilsby, Lincolnshire to Sidney, a postmaster.	Ken Rattenbury	9 April 2001
date of death	Johan Albert Brommels (7 February 1891, Övermark - 15 June 1962) was a Finnish schoolteacher, journalist and politician.	Albert Brommels	15 June 1962
date of death	John Slany (died 1632), merchant, ship builder, born in Shropshire, England, was secretary of the Newfoundland Company and a member of the Merchant Taylor's Company.	John Slany	1632
date of death	John Douglas Cook (1808?--1868) was a Scottish journalist, known as the founding editor of the Saturday Review.	John Douglas Cook	1868
date of death	Christian III Maurice, Duke of Saxe-Merseburg (Merseburg, 7 November 1680 -- Merseburg, 14 November 1694), was a duke of Saxe-Merseburg and member of the House of Wettin.	Christian III Maurice, Duke of Saxe-Merseburg	14 November 1694
date of death	Marcel Capelle, born 11 December 1904 in Paris, died 1993, was a professional French association footballer who played in defence.	Marcel Capelle	1993
date of death	Luka Svetec (8 October 1826 -- 28 January 1921) was a Slovene politician, lawyer, author and philologist.	Luka Svetec	28 January 1921
date of death	Jean Avisse (1723 -- 1796) produced chairs, sofas, chaises and similar furniture in 18th century France.	Jean Avisse	1796
date of death	Johann Philipp Christian Schulz (also Schulze; 24 September 1773 -- 30 January 1827) was a German composer and conductor.	Johann Philipp Christian Schulz	30 January 1827
date of death	Flight Lieutenant Nicholas Gresham Cooke, DFC (26 August 1913 -- 31 May 1940), nicknamed Lanky, was a Royal Air Force pilot and Second World War flying ace most notable as an ace in a day.	Nicholas Gresham Cooke	31 May 1940
date of death	Kā-kīwistāhāw (or Kahkewistahaw, meaning ``He Who Flies Around'') (c. 1810 -- 1906) was a Canadian Plains Cree chief.	Kā-kīwistāhāw	1906
date of death	Peruz (1866; Sivas-c. 1920; Istanbul) also known as Peruz Hanım or Kantocu Peruz, Perviz Hanım was an Ottoman Armenian kanto singer, songwriter.	Peruz	1920
date of death	Sekukuni or Matsebe Sekhukhune, (1814--1882), the son of King Sekwati, was king of the Bapedi (or Marota) of Sekukuniland, in the current Limpopo province of South Africa.	Sekukuni	1882
date of death	Jakub Cytryn (1909 -- 1943) was a Jewish painter in the interwar Poland.	Jakub Cytryn	1943
date of death	Peggy Thorpe-Bates (11 August 1914 -- 26 December 1989) was an English actress who appeared in the first three series of Rumpole of the Bailey as Rumpole's fearsome wife Hilda.	Peggy Thorpe-Bates	26 December 1989
date of death	Gaspar Henaine Pérez (6 January 1926 -- 30 September 2011), more commonly known by his pseudonym Capulina, was a Mexican comedian, actor, singer, film producer, and screenwriter.	Gaspar Henaine	30 September 2011
date of death	Daniel Coker (1780--1846), born Isaac Wright, was an African American and the first Methodist missionary to the British colony of Sierra Leone.	Daniel Coker	1846
date of death	John Calvin Ferguson (Chinese: 福開森; pinyin: Fú Kāisēn; 1866 -- 1945) was an American scholar of Chinese art, collector and procurer for American art museums, and a Chinese governmental adviser.	John Calvin Ferguson	1945
date of death	Augusto Lamo Castillo (25 September 1938 in Badajoz -- 10 September 2002) was a Spanish football referee.	Augusto Lamo Castillo	10 September 2002
date of death	Marlen Haushofer née Marie Helene Frauendorfer (11 April 1920 -- 21 March 1970) was an Austrian author, most famous for her novel The Wall.	Marlen Haushofer	21 March 1970
date of death	Jan Baptist Bonnecroy or Jean Baptiste Bonnecroy (1618 -- after 1676) was a Flemish painter and engraver known for his large panoramic city views and marine paintings.	Jan Baptist Bonnecroy	1676
date of death	István Kovacsóczy de Körtvélyfa (? -- October 1634) was a Hungarian noble in the Principality of Transylvania, who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from 1622 to 1634.	István Kovacsóczy	October 1634
date of death	Hugh of Saxony or Hugh de Saxony(ca. 850 -- 880) was a Frankish prince, a member of the Carolingian dynasty.	Hugh of Saxony	880
date of death	Baptist Levinz, sometimes Baptiste or Baptist Levinge, (died 1693) was an Anglican churchman.	Baptist Levinz	1693
date of death	George Matthews Harding (1882--1959) was a war artist for the United States Army during World War I.	George Matthews Harding	1959
date of death	John Frederic Inglis (16 July 1853 -- 27 February 1923) was a Scottish amateur sportsman who became a Major in the Duke of Edinburgh's (Wiltshire Regiment).	John Frederic Inglis	27 February 1923
date of death	Lukas Heller (1930 -- 2 November 1988) was a German screenwriter born in Kiel.	Lukas Heller	2 November 1988
date of death	Benjamin Matlack Everhart (born near West Chester, Pennsylvania, 24 April 1818; died in West Chester, 22 September 1904) was a United States mycologist.	Benjamin Matlack Everhart	22 September 1904
date of death	Mai Jones (6 February 1899 -- 7 May 1960), was a Welsh songwriter, entertainer and radio producer.	Mai Jones	7 May 1960
date of death	William Fleetwood Sheppard (20 November 1863 -- 12 October 1936) Australian-British civil servant, mathematician and statistician remembered for his work in finite differences, interpolation and statistical theory, known in particular for the eponymous Sheppard's corrections.	William Fleetwood Sheppard	12 October 1936
date of death	Zhang Da'an (張大安) (died 684) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Gaozong.	Zhang Da'an	684
date of death	Negübei was a khan of the Chagatai Khanate (1271-1272?).	Negübei	1272
date of death	Evelyn Walkden (Oct 1893 - 12 September 1970) was a British politician and trades unionist.	Evelyn Walkden	12 September 1970
date of death	On 10 January 2002, Bishop Karas suffered a stroke and fell into a coma; he died in the early morning of January 17, the day before his 47th birthday.	Bishop Karas	2002
date of death	Carl Heinrich Biber (4 September 1681 -- 19 November 1749) was a late Baroque violinist and composer.	Carl Heinrich Biber	19 November 1749
date of death	Cesare Fracanzano (1605-1651), a Neapolitan painter who flourished in the 17th century, was a pupil of Spagnoletto.	Cesare Fracanzano	1651
date of death	Johannes Wolleb (Wollebius) (1589--1629) was a Swiss Protestant theologian.	Johannes Wolleb	1629
date of death	Thomas Bartholin (/bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn, ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/; Latinized: Thomas Bartholinus; 20 October 1616 -- 4 December 1680) was a Danish physician, mathematician, and theologian.	Thomas Bartholin	4 December 1680
date of death	James Walker Dawson (1870, India - 26 June 1927, Edinburgh) was a Scottish pathologist remembered for his work on multiple sclerosis including the description of the eponymous Dawson's fingers.	James Walker Dawson	26 June 1927
date of death	Hyalmar Blixen Lerena (born 1916/17, died February 17, 2007) was a Uruguayan poet, novelist and essayist.	Hyalmar Blixen	2007
date of death	John Cheltenham Wake (1837--1882) was an English oil painter who specialised in seascape and marine art.	John Cheltenham Wake	1882
date of death	Maurice Goldman (1910--1984) was an internationally known composer and conductor.	Maurice Goldman	1984
date of death	Clément Marchand (12 September 1912 -- 22 April 2013) was a Canadian author, poet and journalist and publisher.	Clément Marchand	22 April 2013
date of death	George Macculloch Miller (1832--1917), was a lawyer and secretary of Cathedral of St. John the Divine.	George Macculloch Miller	1917
date of death	Lujo Györy (28 May 1930 -- 28 March 2012) was a Croatian handball player, referee and official.	Lujo Györy	28 March 2012
date of death	Aman Kekilov (Аман Кекилов; Keshi village, current Ahal Province, 9 May 1912 -- 13 December 1974) was a Soviet Turkmen poet.	Aman Kekilov	13 December 1974
date of death	Adriaan van der Stel (-Ceylon, 25 May 1646) was opperhoofd of Mauritius from 1640? to 1645.	Adriaan van der Stel	25 May 1646
date of death	Obadiah J. Barker, Jr. (October 31, 1856 -- July 1908) was a Los Angeles business man and the founder and president of the furniture company, Barker Brothers.	Obadiah J. Barker	July 1908
date of death	John Green Crosse, FRCS, FRS (1790--1850) was a well-known English surgeon of his day, at the old Norfolk and Norwich Hospital.	John Green Crosse	1850
date of death	Ernest Hodkin (1890 -- 1967) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland and Stoke.	Ernest Hodkin	1967
date of death	Blessed John Story (or Storey) (1504 -- 1 June 1571) was an English Roman Catholic martyr and Member of Parliament.	John Story	1 June 1571
date of death	Gaylord Powless (1946--2001) was a Mohawk lacrosse player from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation Indian reserve near Brantford, Ontario.	Gaylord Powless	2001
date of death	Andrew Baird (11 June 1866 in Irvine -- 1916) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Queen's Park and Scotland.	Andrew Baird	1916
date of death	Harry Whittier Frees (1879--1953) was an American photographer who created novelty postcards and children's books based on his photographs of live, posed animals.	Harry Whittier Frees	1953
date of death	Pope Gregory XV (Latin: Gregorius XV; 9 January 1554 -- 8 July 1623), born Alessandro Ludovisi, was Pope from 9 February 1621 to his death in 1623.	Pope Gregory XV	8 July 1623
date of death	Enrique Campos Menéndez (1914--2007) was Marquee of Torreblanca and a Chilean writer.	Enrique Campos Menéndez	2007
date of death	Rami Mehmed Pasha (1645--1706) was an Ottoman statesman and poet who served as Grand Vizier (1703) and governor of Cyprus and of Egypt (1704--06).	Rami Mehmed Pasha	1706
date of death	Rhoda Delaval Astley (1 July 1725 -- 1757) was an English aristocrat and artist.	Rhoda Delaval	1757
date of death	Shakuntala Devi (4 November 1929 -- 21 April 2013) was an Indian writer and mental calculator, popularly known as the ``human computer''.	Shakuntala Devi	21 April 2013
date of death	Lou Miami (1956 -- August 1995) was an American punk musician based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Lou Miami	1995
date of death	Jacques Christian or Jacob Christiaan Pielat (sometimes Pielaat) ( 27 August 1692, Rotterdam - ca. 3 August 1740, Loosduinen) was the 22nd Governor of Ceylon during the Dutch colonial time from 2 December 1732 until 27 January 1734.	Jacob Christiaan Pielat	1740
date of death	AVM Saeedullah Khan (23 July 1926 - 2002) was one of the pioneering officers of Pakistan Air Force.	Saeedullah Khan	2002
date of death	Samuel Eaton (1596?--1665), was an English independent divine.	Samuel Eaton	1665
date of death	Maria Cumani Quasimodo (7 January 1908 - 22 November 1995) was an Italian actress and dancer.	Maria Cumani Quasimodo	22 November 1995
date of death	Herbert Rose Barraud (24 August 1845 - 1896) was a noted portrait photographer who had studios in London and Liverpool.	Herbert Rose Barraud	1896
date of death	Howard Wilbert Nowell (May 16, 1872--1940), was instructor in pathology at Boston University, and a pioneering cancer researcher.	Howard Wilbert Nowell	1940
date of death	James Milner, 9th Seigneur of Sark (died 1730) bought the fief of Sark from John Johnson in 1723 for £5,000, and was Seigneur of Sark until 1730.	James Milner, 9th Seigneur of Sark	1730
date of death	Alfredo Le Pera (4 June 1900 -- 24 June 1935) was a journalist, dramatist, and lyricist, best known for his brief but fruitful collaboration with the renowned tango singer Carlos Gardel.	Alfredo Le Pera	24 June 1935
date of death	Anton Štefánek (15 April 1877 -- 29 April 1964) was a Slovak politician and sociologist who was involved in the campaign for Czech and Slovak unity and independence from the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Anton Štefánek	29 April 1964
date of death	Lottie Gilson (1862 -- June 10, 1912) was a popular comedian and vaudeville singer of the 1880s and 1890s.	Lottie Gilson	1912
date of death	Maria Fortunata d'Este (24 November 1731 -- 21 September 1803) was a Modenese princess by birth and a princess of the blood of France by marriage.	Maria Fortunata d'Este	21 September 1803
date of death	Beata Oxenstierna (1591 in Reval Castle -- 16 March 1652), was a Swedish noblewoman and courtier.	Beata Oxenstierna	1652
date of death	Nazario Sauro (20 September 1880 -- 10 August 1916) was an Austrian-born Italian irredentist and sailor.	Nazario Sauro	10 August 1916
date of death	William Josephus Stafford (1781-1823), also known as William S. Stafford and Jose Guillermo Estifano, was a sea captain and privateer during the War of 1812 and afterward.	William Josephus Stafford	1823
date of death	The McKinleys were a Scottish pop duo comprising sisters Sheila (ca. 1941 -- 16 December 2012) and Jeanette McKinley.	The McKinleys	16 December 2012
date of death	Sir Louis Mallet CB PC (14 March 1823 -- 16 February 1890) was a British civil servant who was an advocate of free trade and served on the Council of India.	Louis Mallet	16 February 1890
date of death	James C. Rose (1913--1991) was a prominent landscape architect and author of the twentieth century.	James C. Rose	1991
date of death	Arnljot Eggen (13 August 1923 -- 4 February 2009) was a Norwegian poet who also wrote plays and children's books.	Arnljot Eggen	4 February 2009
date of death	Manuel María Mallarino Ibargüen (18 June 1808 -- 6 January 1872) was the 8th Vice President of New Granada, and as such served as Acting President from 1855 to 1857.	Manuel María Mallarino	6 January 1872
date of death	Niklaus Stump (23 December 1920 -- 30 April 2005) was a Swiss cross-country and Nordic combined skier who competed during the 1940s.	Niklaus Stump	30 April 2005
date of death	Thomas Nelson, 2nd Earl Nelson, born Thomas Bolton (7 July 1786 -- 1 November 1835), was the 2nd Earl Nelson.	Thomas Nelson, 2nd Earl Nelson	1 November 1835
date of death	Luo Zundian (Chinese: 羅遵殿; died March 19, 1860) was a Chinese provincial governor who ended several rebellions, but forced to commit suicide in the Second rout the Army Group Jiangnan in Hangzhou when the Taiping forces conquered the city.	Luo Zundian	1860
date of death	Miguel Gómez Bao (1894 -17 September 1961) was a Spanish-born Argentine actor of the Golden Age of Argentine cinema.	Miguel Gómez Bao	1961
date of death	Leonard Edgcombe (died 1696) was a ship's captain with the Hudson's Bay Company who made a number of voyages into Hudson Bay and James Bay on behalf of the company.	Leonard Edgcombe	1696
date of death	John Bowra (baptised 3 June 1716 at Sevenoaks, Kent; buried 22 December 1785 at Sevenoaks) was an English professional cricketer of the mid-Georgian period who made 5 known appearances in first-class cricket.	John Bowra	December 1785
date of death	Leonora Corbett (28 June 1908 -- 29 July 1960) was an English actress, noted for her charm and elegance in stage roles, and for a number of films made in the 1930s.	Leonora Corbett	29 July 1960
date of death	Theodore Kremer (1871--1923) was a German born playwright whose works include The Fatal Wedding.	Theodore Kremer	1923
date of death	Albert Dumouchel (15 April 1916 -- 11 January 1971) was a Canadian artist, photographer and printmaker.	Albert Dumouchel	11 January 1971
date of death	Anand Shetty (c. 1961 -- 21 May 2013) was an Indian athlete who specialized in sprints.	Anand Shetty	21 May 2013
date of death	Vincenzo Foppa (c. 1430 -- c. 1515) was a Northern-Italian painter, active in a Renaissance style.	Vincenzo Foppa	1515
date of death	Andrieu Contredit d'Arras (c.1200--1248) was a trouvère from Arras and active in the Puy d'Arras.	Andrieu Contredit d'Arras	1248
date of death	Albert Suho (before 1390 - after 1449) was a German cleric and writer.	Albert Suho	1449
date of death	Emperor Hiệp Hòa, also known as Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Dật, was the sixth emperor of the Vietnamese Nguyễn Dynasty and reigned for four months (30 July 1883 -- 29 November 1883).	Hiệp Hòa	29 November 1883
date of death	Jack Flavell (15 May 1929 -- 25 February 2004) was an English cricketer who played in four Tests for England from 1961 to 1964.	Jack Flavell	25 February 2004
date of death	Andrea Biglia (c.1395 -- 1435) was an Italian Augustinian humanist, known as a moral philosopher and historian.	Andrea Biglia	1435
date of death	Marcus Claudius Fronto (killed in battle AD 170) was a Roman senator and Consul, and a general in the Imperial Roman army during the reigns of emperors Antoninus Pius (r.138-61) and Marcus Aurelius (r. 161-80).	Marcus Claudius Fronto	170
date of death	Nakdimon Rogel (1925-8 December 2011) was an Israeli journalist, broadcaster and pioneer of Israeli television.	Nakdimon Rogel	8 December 2011
date of death	Bhagwan Das (12 January 1869 -- 18 September 1958) was an Indian Theosophist and public figure.	Bhagwan Das	18 September 1958
date of death	Muhammad Abu Zahra (1898--1974) was an Egyptian public intellectual, scholar of Islamic law, and author.	Muhammad Abu Zahra	1974
date of death	James Dafforne (died 1880) was an English journalist, known for his art criticism in The Art Journal.	James Dafforne	1880
date of death	Brian Kenneth Hobbs (1937--2004) was a medical doctor in Adelaide, South Australia and chair of Community Aid Abroad.	Brian Kenneth Hobbs	2004
date of death	Cornelis Pietersz Bega, or Cornelis Pietersz Begijn (1631/1632 -- 27 August 1664) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver.	Cornelis Pietersz Bega	27 August 1664
date of death	Ernricus Pirhing (born at Sigarthin, near Passau, 1606; died between 1678 and 1681) was a German Jesuit canon lawyer.	Ernricus Pirhing	1681
date of death	Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton KG PC FRS (25 October 1683 -- 6 May 1757) was an Irish and English politician.	Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton	6 May 1757
date of death	Isaiah Emmanuel Morter (sometimes spelled Isiah) (1860 - 7 April 1924) was born in 1860 in the Freetown district of Belize.	Isaiah Emmanuel Morter	7 April 1924
date of death	Murong Huang (Chinese: 慕容皝; 297--348), courtesy name Yuanzhen (元真), formally Prince Wenming of (Former) Yan ((前)燕文明王) was a ruler of the Xianbei state Former Yan and the commonly recognized founder of the state.	Murong Huang	348
date of death	George Henry Bachhoffner (1810--1879), was a British scientist, one of the founders of the London Polytechnic Institution, and a lecturer on scientific subjects.	George Henry Bachhoffner	1879
date of death	Abu Shuayb Ayub Ibn Said Erredad al-Sanhaji Assariya (French transliteration Abou Chouaib) (died 1176-7) is the patron saint of Azemmour, Morocco.	Abu Shuayb	1176
date of death	Eladio Acosta Arteaga (9 April 1916 -- 30 January 2012) was a Colombian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church.	Eladio Acosta Arteaga	30 January 2012
date of death	Rev. Dr. John Henry Barrows (1847--1902) was an American clergyman of First Presbyterian Church and Chairman of the 1883 General Committee on the Congress of Religions (later to be known as the World's Parliament of Religions).	John Henry Barrows	1902
date of death	Admiral of the Fleet Sir Cloudesley Shovell (c. November 1650 -- 22 October or 23 October 1707), was an English naval officer.	Cloudesley Shovell	23 October 1707
date of death	Edward John Dunn (1 November 1844 -- 20 April 1937) was an English-born Australian geologist, winner of the 1905 Murchison Medal.	Edward John Dunn	20 April 1937
date of death	Heinrich Koenen (12 May 1910 -- February 1945) was a German engineer, anti-fascist resistance fighter and agent of the Soviet military intelligence service GRU.	Heinrich Koenen	1945
date of death	Louis Dyer (1851--1908) was an American educator and author born in Chicago in the U.S. state of Illinois.	Louis Dyer	1908
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal Peter Furniss, DFC (16 July 1919 -- 11 December 2005) was a British solicitor and senior Royal Air Force officer.	Peter Furniss	11 December 2005
date of death	Ștefan Gușă or Gușe (17 April 1940 -- 28 March 1994) was a Romanian general who was the Chief of the General Staff of the Romanian Armed Forces between 1986 and 1989.	Ștefan Gușă	28 March 1994
date of death	Quauhtlatoa (or Cuauhtlatoa) (1 Flint (1428) -- 4 Reed (1431)/7 Flint (1460)/8 House (1461)) was a tlatoani (king, ruler) of the Nahua city-state Tlatelolco.	Quauhtlatoa	1460
date of death	Arent Greve de Besche (4 December 1878 -- 17 September 1945) was a Norwegian bacteriologist.	Arent Greve de Besche	1945
date of death	George Beranger (27 March 1893 -- 8 March 1973), also known as André Beranger, was an Australian actor and film director of stage and Hollywood.	George Beranger	8 March 1973
date of death	Karl Adolf Lorenz (13 August 1837 -- 3 March 1923) was a German conductor, composer, and music pedagogue.	Karl Adolf Lorenz	1923
date of death	Rebecca Rawson (May 23, 1656, Massachusetts - June 7-June 9, 1692, near Port Royal, Jamaica) was the heroine of the 1849 book Leaves from Margaret Smith's Journal, in the Province of Massachusetts Bay (by John G. Whittier).	Rebecca Rawson	1692
date of death	Eduard Clemens Fechner (21 August 1799 -- 7 February 1861) was a German portrait painter and an etcher.	Eduard Clemens Fechner	7 February 1861
date of death	Qazi Syed Hayatullah (died c. 1135 AH / 1722 AD) was a Muslim scholar of Fiqh from Sakras, District Gurgaon (Haryana, India).	Syed Hayatullah	1722
date of death	Ezra Stoller (16 May 1915 -- 29 October 2004) was an American architectural photographer.	Ezra Stoller	29 October 2004
date of death	Konstantinos Mazarakis-Ainian (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μαζαράκης-Αινιάν, 1869--1949) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Konstantinos Mazarakis-Ainian	1949
date of death	Orme Bristowe (12 April 1895 -- 27 December 1938) was an English cricketer.	Orme Bristowe	27 December 1938
date of death	Dr. Victor George Springett (28 September 1916 -- 8 September 1990) was a politician in the State of South Australia.	Victor George Springett	8 September 1990
date of death	Kailash Radhabai Subbarayan, nee Kudmul (b. April 22, 1891-d. 1960) was an Indian politician, women's rights activist and social reformer.	Radhabai Subbarayan	1960
date of death	Leo Motzkin (also Mozkin; 1867 -- 7 November 1933) was a Russian Zionist leader.	Leo Motzkin	7 November 1933
date of death	Thomas Francis Brennan (6 October 1855 -- 20 March 1916) was an American Catholic bishop who served as the first Catholic bishop of Dallas from 1891 to 1893.	Thomas Francis Brennan	20 March 1916
date of death	Mauri Nyberg-Noroma (born 31 January 1908 in Viborg, died 23 December 1939 in Muolaa) was a Finnish gymnast.	Mauri Nyberg-Noroma	23 December 1939
date of death	Richard Sloley (20 August 1891--17 October 1946), sometimes known as Dick Stoley, was an English amateur football inside right who played in the Football League for Aston Villa.	Richard Sloley	17 October 1946
date of death	Henno Martin (March 15, 1910 -- January 7 1998) was a German professor of geology who, along with Hermann Korn, lived for two years in the Namib Desert to avoid internment during the Second World War.	Henno Martin	1998
date of death	George Adamson MBE (3 February 1906 -- 20 August 1989), also known as the Baba ya Simba (``Father of Lions'' in Swahili), was a British wildlife conservationist and author.	George Adamson	20 August 1989
date of death	Walter Nugent Monck (1877-1958) was an English theatre director and founder of Maddermarket Theatre, Norwich.	Walter Nugent Monck	1958
date of death	Maximilian Joseph Franz of Oer (1806--1846) was a German author, baron, and older brother of the notable artist Theobald von Oer.	Maximilian Joseph Franz of Oer	1846
date of death	Kane O'Hara (1711 or 1712 -- 17 June 1782) was an Irish composer and playwright.	Kane O'Hara	17 June 1782
date of death	Philip Rosseter (1568 -- 5 May 1623) was an English composer and musician, as well as a theatrical manager.	Philip Rosseter	5 May 1623
date of death	Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, (Tamil: தமிழவேள் கோ. சாரங்கபாணி, 19 April 1903 -- 16 March 1974) or Kosa as he was also known, a Tamil writer and publisher, was born in Thiruvarur, Tamil Nadu, on 20 April 1903.	Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani	16 March 1974
date of death	Carl Hoddle (8 March 1967 -- 2 March 2008) was an English football player and coach.	Carl Hoddle	2 March 2008
date of death	Jeanne Duval (French pronunciation: ​(ʒan dyˈval)) (c.1820 -- 1862) was a Haitian-born actress and dancer of mixed French and black African ancestry.	Jeanne Duval	1862
date of death	Konstantinos Manetas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μανέτας, 1879--1960) was a Greek Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General and served as Chief of the Hellenic Army General Staff in 1931.	Konstantinos Manetas	1960
date of death	Erich Wenk (12 August 1923 -- 30 March 2012) was a German bass-baritone singer in opera and especially in concert.	Erich Wenk	30 March 2012
date of death	Jean Clérée (1450--1507) was the Master of the Order of Preachers in 1507.	Jean Clérée	1507
date of death	George Wolfe Plank (1883--1965) was an American artist illustrator, chiefly remembered for his long-term association with Vogue Magazine, which resulted in years of covers in an Art Deco style related to that of Helen Dryden and influenced, by among others, Edmund Dulac.	George Wolfe Plank	1965
date of death	Count Lasher was the stage-name of Terence Parkins (c.1921 -- 1977), a Jamaican singer and songwriter.	Count Lasher	1977
date of death	Paul Parmalee (1926-2006) was an early worker in the field of zooarchaeology.	Paul Parmalee	2006
date of death	Ngô Đình Cẩn (1911 -- 9 May 1964) was a younger brother and confidant of South Vietnam's first president, Ngô Đình Diệm, and an important member of the Diệm government.	Ngô Đình Cẩn	9 May 1964
date of death	The Rev. Samuel Lodge (11 February 1829 -- 5 September 1897) was the author of Scrivelsby, the Home of the Champions He was a headmaster of Horncastle Grammar School, Lincolnshire, rector for 30 years of Scrivelsby in Lincolnshire, and a Canon of Lincoln Cathedral.	Samuel Lodge	5 September 1897
date of death	James Milnes Gaskell (19 October 1810 -- 5 February 1873) was a British Conservative politician.	James Milnes Gaskell	5 February 1873
date of death	Jane Deans (née McIlraith, 21 April 1823 -- 19 January 1911) was a New Zealand pioneer and community leader.	Jane Deans	19 January 1911
date of death	William G. Sebold (Wilhelm Georg Debrowski; 10 March 1899 in Mülheim, Germany -- 16 February 1970 in Walnut Creek, California) was a United States citizen when he visited Germany and was coerced into becoming a spy.	William G. Sebold	1970
date of death	Theodore Bruce (5 April 1847 -- 2 July 1911) was an auctioneer, politician and Mayor of Adelaide 1904-1907.	Theodore Bruce	2 July 1911
date of death	Shayah Charnam (d. 1929) was a Jewish communist activist in Poland.	Shayah Charnam	1929
date of death	Elizabeth Hanbury (9 June 1793 -- 31 October 1901) was a British philanthropist who worked with Elizabeth Fry.	Elizabeth Hanbury	1901
date of death	Oluf Gjerset (1 June 1848 -- 29 May 1941) was a Norwegian-born, American politician from Minnesota.	Oluf Gjerset	29 May 1941
date of death	Sir Nicholas Malby (1530?--1584) was an English soldier active in Ireland, Lord President of Connaught from 1579 to 1581.	Nicholas Malby	1584
date of death	Godfrid Haraldsson (c. 820 -- c. 856) was the son of the Danish king Harald Klak.	Godfrid Haraldsson	856
date of death	George Blackman (1897 -- March 2003), was born in Barbados and served as a Private in the 4th British West Indies Regiment during the First World War.	George Blackman	2003
date of death	Georg Hochgesang (3 November 1897 -- 12 June 1988) was a German football forward, who played for 1.	Georg Hochgesang	12 June 1988
date of death	Przemysław of Racibórz (Polish: Przemysław raciborski) (between 21 October 1258 and 12 June 1268 -- 7 May 1306) was a Duke of Racibórz since 1282 until his death (until 1290 with his brother as co-ruler).	Przemysław of Racibórz	7 May 1306
date of death	Anthony Rous (1605 -- 1 May 1677 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1653 and 1660.	Anthony Rous	1 May 1677
date of death	Edward Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell, Kt (c. 1560 -- 27 April 1607) was an English peer.	Edward Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell	27 April 1607
date of death	James Cardwell Gardner (29 June 1864 -- 25 March 1935), also known by his nickname Jumps Gardner, was an English doctor and amateur rower who won the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta and the Wingfield Sculls and rowed for Cambridge in the Boat Race in 1888, 1889 and 1890.	James Cardwell Gardner	25 March 1935
date of death	Charles Bruce, 5th Earl of Elgin and 9th Earl of Kincardine (6 July 1732 -- 14 May 1771) was the son of William Bruce, 8th Earl of Kincardine.	Charles Bruce, 5th Earl of Elgin	14 May 1771
date of death	Wang Chucun (王處存) (831--895) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who controlled Yiwu Circuit (義武, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei) in late Tang.	Wang Chucun	895
date of death	Emil Diesen (14 April 1880 -- 24 June 1942) was a Norwegian civil servant and editor.	Emil Diesen	24 June 1942
date of death	Michael John O'Brien (19 September 1851 -- 26 October 1940) was a railway builder, industrialist and philanthropist.	Michael John O'Brien	26 October 1940
date of death	Robert Kloster (8 March 1905 -- 7 February 1979) was a Norwegian museum director and art historian.	Robert Kloster	7 February 1979
date of death	Otto Carlmar (14 August 1902 -- 20 May 1987) was a Norwegian film producer, writer and actor, most active during the 1950s.	Otto Carlmar	20 May 1987
date of death	Fazzio (Fatius, Fazius, Facius) of Verona (1190--1272) was an Italian saint.	Fazzio	1272
date of death	Bernard Tilakaratna, SLOS (1927--2004) was a senior diplomat and bureaucrat of the Sri Lankan government.	Bernard Tilakaratna	2004
date of death	Randolph Fields (29 December 1952, Santa Monica California -- 24 February 1997, Jersey, Channel Islands) was an Anglo-American lawyer who founded British Atlantic Airways which later became Virgin Atlantic Airways.	Randolph Fields	24 February 1997
date of death	Mohammad Biriya and the original name Mohammad Baghezadeh (Azerbaijani: Məhəmməd Biriya, Persian: محمد بي‌ريا‎‎ ; born 1914 in Tabriz -- death 1985 in Tabriz) was an Iranian Azerbaijani poet and politician.	Mohammad Biriya	1985
date of death	John Hay, 4th Marquess of Tweeddale PC (1695 -- 9 December 1762) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Hay, 4th Marquess of Tweeddale	9 December 1762
date of death	Mohan Upreti (Hindi: मोहन उप्रेती) (1928--1997) was an Indian theatre director, playwright and a music composer, considered one of the pioneers in Indian theatre music.	Mohan Upreti	1997
date of death	George Washington Carroll (1855--1935) was a Texas oil and lumber businessman, and longtime advocate for the prohibition of the sale of alcoholic beverages.	George Washington Carroll	1935
date of death	Ingenuin Molitor (Habach, 1610--1669) was a German-born Franciscan priest and composer.	Ingenuin Molitor	1669
date of death	James Paris Lee (9 August 1831 -- 24 February 1904) was a British, Canadian and later American inventor and arms designer, best known for inventing the Lee--	James Paris Lee	24 February 1904
date of death	Marx W. Wartofsky (1928--1997) was a philosopher, specialising in historical epistemology.	Marx W. Wartofsky	1997
date of death	Sir Henry Wentworth of Nettlestead, Suffolk, KB (born c.1448, died between 17 August 1499 and 27 February 1501), de jure 4th Baron Despenser, was the grandfather of Henry VIII's third wife, Jane Seymour, and the great-grandfather of Jane's son, Edward VI.	Henry Wentworth	17 August 1499	27 February 1501
date of death	Edmond de Stoutz (18 December 1920 -- 28 January 1997) was a Swiss conductor from Zurich.	Edmond de Stoutz	28 January 1997
date of death	Ee-mat-la, also known as King Philip, (died 1839) was a Seminole chief during the Second Seminole War.	Ee-mat-la	1839
date of death	Alf Schwarz ( 22 May 1935 -- 3 August 2015) was a Canadian sociologist noted for his research in Sub-Saharan Africa.	Alf Schwarz	3 August 2015
date of death	Johann Schwarzer (30 August 1880 -- 10 October 1914) was an Austrian photographer and pioneer producer of adult films through his Saturn-Film company.	Johann Schwarzer	10 October 1914
date of death	Morton Bartlett (1909 in Boston -- 1992) was an American freelance photographer and graphic designer who, from 1936 to 1963, devoted much of his spare time to creating and photographing a series of intricately carved lifelike plaster dolls.	Morton Bartlett	1992
date of death	Christoffer Hjort (1561--1616) was a Norwegian clergyman and crypto-Catholic.	Christoffer Hjort	1616
date of death	Dai Woodham, MBE, BEM (5 September 1919 - 12 September 1994), born David Lloyd Victor Woodham, is remembered by many steam railway enthusiasts as the man who saved over 200 former British Railways steam locomotives from the scrap heap.	Dai Woodham	12 September 1994
date of death	Martyn Fonnereau (19 March 1741 -- 18 May 1817) was the second son of Zachary Philip Fonnereau, a British merchant and banker of Huguenot extraction.	Martyn Fonnereau	18 May 1817
date of death	Liam Forde was an alias used by Séamas Ó Maoiléoin (aka James Malone) (1891 - 1958) of Tyrrellspass, County Westmeath, Ireland when working as a spy for Michael Collins.	Liam Forde	1958
date of death	Georges Prosper Remi (; 22 May 1907 -- 3 March 1983), known by the pen name Hergé (), was a Belgian cartoonist.	Hergé	3 March 1983
date of death	John Northcote (1570-1632) of Uton and Hayne, Newton St Cyres, near Crediton, Devon, was a member of the Devonshire gentry, lord of the manor of Newton St Cyres, who is chiefly known to history for his artistically acclaimed effigy and monument in Newton St Cyres Church.	John Northcote	1632
date of death	Alan Arthur (12 November 1905 -- 9 August 1979) was an Australian rules footballer who played thirty games for Essendon in 1928 and 1930 in the Victorian Football League (now the AFL).	Alan Arthur	1979
date of death	Jeffery Hart Bent, occasionally known as Geoffrey Hart Bent (1781 -- 29 June 1852) was the first judge in the colony of New South Wales, Australia.	Jeffery Hart Bent	29 June 1852
date of death	Ven Hong Choon died on 25 December 1990, after which a relic stupa and a memorial hall was built at the Phor Kark See Monastery commemorating him.	Hong Choon	25 December 1990
date of death	William Stewart, 2nd Viscount Mountjoy (1675 - 10 January 1728), was an Anglo-Irish peer.	William Stewart, 2nd Viscount Mountjoy	10 January 1728
date of death	Wolfgang von Graben, also Wolfgang de Groben (de Gröben) (1465 in Kornberg castle, Styria -- 11 December 1521), was a member of the Austrian nobility.	Wolfgang von Graben	11 December 1521
date of death	Talib Chakwali (1900-1988) was an Urdu ghazal and nazm writer.	Talib Chakwali	1988
date of death	Francis Colegrove (c. 1667 -- c. 1759) was an English colonial immigrant, born most likely in Oxfordshire or London, England, although others have suggested Glamorgan, Wales, who settled in Warwick, Rhode Island, in about 1688.	Francis Colegrove	1759
date of death	Thomas Brerewood (c.1670 - 22 December 1746), was a 'Gentleman Entrepreneur & Fraudster'.	Thomas Brerewood	22 December 1746
date of death	Víctor Marchesini (1930--1999), born in Río Negro Province, was an Argentine lawyer and politician.	Víctor Marchesini	1999
date of death	John Francklyn (c. 1564 -- 1645) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1644.	John Francklyn	1645
date of death	Max Abraham (German: (ˈaːbʀaham); 26 March 1875 -- 16 November 1922) was a German physicist.	Max Abraham	16 November 1922
date of death	Nicolaes Woutersz van der Meer (1575 -- 1666), was a Dutch brewer, magistrate and mayor of Haarlem, best known today for his portrait with its pendant of his wife Cornelia Claesdr Voogt, both painted by Frans Hals in 1631.	Nicolaes Woutersz van der Meer	1666
date of death	Otis M. Smith (1922--1994) was the first African American justice on the Michigan Supreme Court and the General Counsel for General Motors.	Otis M. Smith	1994
date of death	Alfred Renard (21 April 1895 - 20 June 1988) was an eminent Belgian aviation pioneer.	Alfred Renard	20 June 1988
date of death	Saint Gobain (died 670), also known as Goban, was an Irish Benedictine monk and spiritual student of Saint Fursey at Burgh Castle, Norfolk, England.	Saint Gobain	670
date of death	John Seymour, 4th Duke of Somerset (before 1646 -- 29 April 1675) was an English peer and MP.	John Seymour, 4th Duke of Somerset	29 April 1675
date of death	John Alexander Gresse (1741--1794), was an English painter and drawing-master.	John Alexander Gresse	1794
date of death	William West Neve (7 June 1852 -- 26 December 1942) was a minor English architect in the Arts and Crafts style.	William West Neve	26 December 1942
date of death	Archibald Menzies (/ˈmɪŋɪs/ MING-iss; 15 March 1754 -- 15 February 1842) was a Scottish surgeon, botanist and naturalist.	Archibald Menzies	15 February 1842
date of death	Joseph Leeson, 2nd Earl of Milltown (1730 -- 27 November 1801), styled Viscount Russborough between 1763 and 1783, was an Irish peer.	Joseph Leeson, 2nd Earl of Milltown	27 November 1801
date of death	Martin J. Levitt (14 October 1944 -- 21 November 2004) was a supervisory trainer, union buster and a union organizer on and off over a 20-year period before 1987 when he reportedly changed direction.	Martin J. Levitt	21 November 2004
date of death	Hamazasp Srvandztyan (Armenian: Համազասպ Սրվանձտյան; 1873 -- 18 February 1921), commonly known as Hamazasp, was an Armenian fedayee military commander and member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.	Hamazasp Srvandztyan	1921
date of death	Colonel John Macleod of Colbecks (died 1823) was a British soldier, during the Napoleonic Wars.	John Macleod of Colbecks	1823
date of death	Darius Goff (10 May 1809 -- 14 April 1891) was one of the foremost textile manufacturers in the United States and a leading citizen of Pawtucket, Rhode Island.	Darius Goff	14 April 1891
date of death	Philipp Krementz (1 December 1819 -- 6 May 1899) was a German Catholic bishop, created Cardinal in 1893.	Philipp Krementz	6 May 1899
date of death	Dr. Pritam Saini (1927--2003) was a Punjabi journalist, literary critic and history scholar.	Pritam Saini	2003
date of death	Knut Strøm (25 January 1923 -- 10 September 2007) was a Norwegian resistance fighter and Lieutenant colonel in the Norwegian army.	Knut Strøm	10 September 2007
date of death	Baselios Solomon was the Maphrian of the East of the Syriac Orthodox Church, from 1509 until his death in 1518.	Baselios Solomon	1518
date of death	William Thomas Collings (4 September 1823 -- 7 March 1882) was a clergyman of the Church of England who served as Seigneur of Sark from 1853 to 1882.	William Thomas Collings	7 March 1882
date of death	Wojciech Długoraj (c. 1557 - after 1619), also called Wiecesław Długoraj, Adalbert Długoraj and Gostinensis, was a Polish Renaissance composer and lutenist.	Wojciech Długoraj	1619
date of death	James Allen Harker FLS (31 July 1847 -- 19 December 1894) was an English entomologist, professor of natural history at the Royal Agricultural College in Cirencester, Gloucestershire from 1881 until his death.	James Allen Harker	19 December 1894
date of death	William Baylor Hartland (1836--1912) was a plantsman from Ireland.	William Baylor Hartland	1912
date of death	Bernard Joy (29 October 1911 -- 18 July 1984) was an English footballer and journalist.	Bernard Joy	18 July 1984
date of death	Fridtjof Frank Gundersen (29 October 1934 -- 11 November 2011) was a Norwegian professor of jurisprudence and politician.	Fridtjof Frank Gundersen	11 November 2011
date of death	Eugen Ciucă (Romanian: (e.uˈd͡ʒen t͡ʃjukə); 27 February 1913 -- 26 September 2005) was a contemporary Romanian-American artist known for his monumental sculptures, vivid paintings and drawings of delicate feminine figures.	Eugen Ciucă	26 September 2005
date of death	Conall Laeg Breg mac Áedo Sláine (died 612) was a King of Brega from the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill.	Conall Laeg Breg	612
date of death	Emory McClintock (1840--1916), born John Emory McClintock was an American actuary, born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.	Emory McClintock	1916
date of death	Lysander (/laɪˈsændər/ or /ˈlaɪˌsændər/; died 395 BCE, Greek: Λύσανδρος, Lýsandros) was a Spartan admiral who commanded the Spartan fleet in the Hellespont which defeated the Athenians at Aegospotami in 405 BCE.	Lysander	395 BCE
date of death	William Freeman (c. 1558--13 August 1595) was an English Roman Catholic priest during the Reformation.	William Freeman	13 August 1595
date of death	Sir Henry Unton (or Umpton) (c. 1557 -- 23 March 1596) was an Elizabethan English diplomat.	Henry Unton	1596
date of death	Walter Valdi (stage name of Walter Pinnetti; 20 August 1930 -- 13 October 2003) was an Italian singer, songwriter, author and actor of several songs and theatrical pieces in Milanese Dialect.	Walter Valdi	13 October 2003
date of death	Brita Sophia De la Gardie (1713--1797) was a Swedish noble and amateur actress.	Brita Sophia De la Gardie	1797
date of death	Estelle May Hurll (1863--1924), a student of aesthetics, wrote a series of popular aesthetic analyses of art in the early twentieth century.	Estelle May Hurll	1924
date of death	Quentin Lawrence (1920 in Gravesend -- 1979 in Halifax, Yorkshire) was an English film and television director.	Quentin Lawrence	1979
date of death	Jacob Yoder, pioneer, born in Reading, Pennsylvania, 11 August 1758 : died in Spencer County, Kentucky, 7 April 1832.	Jacob Yoder	1832
date of death	Gad Tedeschi (Hebrew: גד טדסקי; Italian: Guido Uberto Tedeschi) (born 1907; died 1992) was an Israeli jurist.	Gad Tedeschi	1992
date of death	Cattamanchi Ramalinga Reddy OM (10 December 1880 -- 24 February 1951), also popularly known as Sir C. R. Reddy, was an educationist and political thinker, essayist and economist, poet and literary critic.	Cattamanchi Ramalinga Reddy	24 February 1951
date of death	Ferdinand Canu (1863-1932) was a French paleontologist and author.	Ferdinand Canu	1932
date of death	Sabita Devi (1914--1965) was a Hindi film actress in Indian cinema.	Sabita Devi	1965
date of death	P.Bhaskaranunni (17 Dec 1926 -- 8 April 1994) was a historian and Malayalam literary critic.	P.Bhaskaranunni	8 April 1994
date of death	Walter Belasco (1864, Vancouver, Canada -- 21 June 1939, San Francisco, California) was a Canadian silent film actor.	Walter Belasco	21 June 1939
date of death	Chet Gardner, Born ``Chester Leroy Gardner'' (16 March 1898 in Grant City, Missouri -- 3 September 1938 in Flemington, New Jersey) was an American racecar driver, named by promoters as ``The Grand Old Man of Auto Racing.''	Chet Gardner	3 September 1938
date of death	John Krushenick (March 18, 1927 -- June 19, 1998) painter and co-founder of the Brata Gallery in New York City.	John Krushenick	1998
date of death	David Caro (ca. 1782, Fordon, Grand Duchy of Posen--25 December 1839, Posen) was a Prussian pedagogue.	David Caro	25 December 1839
date of death	Leonard Steinberg, Baron Steinberg (1 August 1936 -- 2 November 2009) was a British life peer and multi-millionaire businessman.	Leonard Steinberg, Baron Steinberg	2 November 2009
date of death	Main Poc died in 1816, furthering the trend to leaders who were comfortable in both the Potawatomi villages and the American trading companies.	Main Poc	1816
date of death	Upendra Kumar (1941 -- 24 January 2002) (Kannada: ಉಪೇಂದ್ರ ಕುಮಾರ್) was an Indian music director who predominantly worked in Kannada and Oriya films.	Upendra Kumar	24 January 2002
date of death	Nicholas Sturgeon (ca.1380s - 1454) was a Canon of Windsor from 1442 to 1454, a composer and a compiler of the Old Hall Manuscript.	Nicholas Sturgeon	1454
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Baudry (bapt 3 July 1684 -- 20 November 1755) was born at Trois-Rivières and was the son of Guillaume Baudry, a gunsmith and goldsmith.	Jean-Baptiste Baudry	20 November 1755
date of death	Simon Deignan (1922 -- November 2006) was a former Gaelic football player for Cavan, and a referee.	Simon Deignan	November 2006
date of death	Peregrine Branwhite (1745-1795?), was an English poet.	Peregrine Branwhite	1795
date of death	Cosmo Grant Niven Edwards (c. 1896 - 22 July 1964) was a soldier and British civil servant of the Indian political service who served as resident for the Madras States.	Cosmo Grant Niven Edwards	22 July 1964
date of death	Dionys van Dongen (1748 Dordrecht--1819 Rotterdam) was a Dutch painter.	Dionys van Dongen	1819
date of death	Nicholas Comper (29 April 1897 -- 17 June 1939) was an English aviator and aircraft designer, whose most notable success was the 1930s Comper Swift monoplane racer.	Nicholas Comper	17 June 1939
date of death	Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe (26 September 1746 -- 13 July 1816) was a German architect and etcher who specialised in the Neo-Classical style.	Johann Carl Friedrich Dauthe	13 July 1816
date of death	Lope Íñiguez (c. 1050 -- 1093) succeeded his father Íñigo López to become the second Lord of Biscay in 1076.	Lope Íñiguez	1093
date of death	Heinrich August Hahn (19 June 1821, Königsberg - 1 December 1861) was a German theologian and the eldest son of the theologian August Hahn.	Heinrich August Hahn	1861
date of death	Edward Heneage, 1st Baron Heneage PC, JP, DL (29 March 1840 -- 10 August 1922) was a British Liberal and Liberal Unionist politician.	Edward Heneage, 1st Baron Heneage	10 August 1922
date of death	Jeremy Hindley (1 January 1944 -- 7 January 2013) was an English horse trainer who trained around 700 winners in a 17-year career.	Jeremy Hindley	7 January 2013
date of death	Thomas Fletcher Oakes (July 15, 1843 in Boston -- 1919 in Seattle) was president of Northern Pacific Railway from 1888 to 1893.	Thomas Fletcher Oakes	1919
date of death	Frits Goodings (10 October 1963 - 7 June 1989, Paramaribo) was a Dutch-Surinamese footballer.	Frits Goodings	7 June 1989
date of death	Jack Dolan (14 June 1906 -- 5 March 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Dolan	5 March 2001
date of death	Sir William Reginald Halliday (26 September 1886 -- 25 November 1966) was a historian and archaeologist who served as Principal of King's College London from 1928 to 1952.	William Reginald Halliday	1966
date of death	Christian Henrik Nicolai Mejdell (21 April 1822 -- 1899) was a Norwegian mining engineer.	Nicolai Mejdell	1899
date of death	Endel Laas (29 August 1915 in Tartu -- 1 November 2009) was an Estonian forest scientist and professor.	Endel Laas	1 November 2009
date of death	Sir John Watson Gibson OBE (1885--1947) was an English civil engineer, key in developing the water supply infrastructure in the former British Empire, and instrumental in the design of Mulberry Harbour used in the Normandy landings.	John Watson Gibson	1947
date of death	John Orlando Parry (3 January 1810 -- 20 February 1879) was an English actor, pianist, artist, comedian and singer.	John Orlando Parry	20 February 1879
date of death	John Monson (c.1628 -- 14 October 1674) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1660 and 1674.	John Monson	1674
date of death	Christer Zetterberg (2 November 1941 -- 5 April 2012) was a Swedish businessman and Chairman of investment bank Carnegie.	Christer Zetterberg	5 April 2012
date of death	Dudley Ryder, 6th Earl of Harrowby (11 October 1892 -- 7 May 1987), known as Viscount Sandon from 1900 to 1956, was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament.	Dudley Ryder, 6th Earl of Harrowby	7 May 1987
date of death	Flight Lieutenant Wallace McIntosh DFC and Bar, DFM (27 March 1920 -- 4 June 2007) flew 55 bombing missions with the RAF during the Second World War as an air gunner in Lancaster bombers.	Wallace McIntosh	4 June 2007
date of death	Thomas McAfee (November 28, 1866 -- May 1947) was an Irish-born Presbyterian minister and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Thomas McAfee	1947
date of death	The Reverend Thomas Seaton (baptised 2 October 1684, Stamford, Lincolnshire, died 18 August 1741 at Ravenstone, Buckinghamshire), was a Church of England clergyman and religious writer.	Thomas Seaton	18 August 1741
date of death	Luelen Bernart (Pohnpei 1866-1946) was the first Micronesian to write a book and Pohnpei's first historian.	Luelen Bernart	1946
date of death	Yogini Joglekar (6 Aug 1925 -- 1 Nov 2005) was a famous Marathi writer, poet and also a renowned classical singer.	Yogini Joglekar	2005
date of death	Giovanni Aurelio Augurello (Joannes Aurelius Augurellus) (1441--1524) was an Italian humanist scholar, poet and alchemist.	Giovanni Aurelio Augurello	1524
date of death	Meir Eisenstaedter (Meir ben Judah Leib Eisenstädter, 1780-1852) was a nineteenth-century rabbi, Talmudist, and paytan (liturgic poet).	Meir Eisenstaedter	1852
date of death	Jan Wellens de Cock (c. 1480 -- 1527) was a Flemish painter and draftsman of the Northern Renaissance.	Jan Wellens de Cock	1527
date of death	Victoire Jean-Baptiste (1861--1923), known as ``La Belle Victoire'', was a Haitian politician de facto, mistress to president Florvil Hyppolite and highly influential during his reign.	Victoire Jean-Baptiste	1923
date of death	Alice Cordelia Morse (June 1, 1863--July 15, 1961) was a designer of book covers.	Alice Cordelia Morse	1961
date of death	Helge Ellingsen Waagaard (27 January 1781 -- 25 March 1817) was a Norwegian farmer and non-commissioned military officer.	Helge Ellingsen Waagaard	1817
date of death	John James Wright (20 February 1821 -- 22 October 1904) was an Australian flour miller, local government councillor, local government head, Member of Lower House, Orangeman and store/shopkeeper.	John James Wright	22 October 1904
date of death	Abram Hill, also known as Ab Hill, (20 January 1910 -- 13 October 1986) was an American playwright; author of On Strivers Row, Walk Hard, Talk Loud and several other plays; and a principal figure in the development of black theatre from Atlanta, Georgia.	Abram Hill	13 October 1986
date of death	Roger Niger (died 1241) was a thirteenth-century cleric who became Bishop of London.	Roger Niger	1241
date of death	George Cranstoun, Lord Corehouse (died 1850) was a Scottish advocate, judge and satirist.	George Cranstoun, Lord Corehouse	1850
date of death	William I Sanudo (or Guglielmo; died ca. 1323) was the fourth Duke of the Archipelago from 1303 to his death.	William I Sanudo	1323
date of death	Otto Furrer (19 October 1903 -- 26 July 1951) was a Swiss alpine skier and cross-country skier and world champion.	Otto Furrer	26 July 1951
date of death	Ann Griffiths (née Thomas) (April 1776 -- August 1805) was a Welsh poet and writer of Methodist Christian hymns.	Ann Griffiths	1805
date of death	Arne Meidell (17 November 1894 -- 8 August 1963) was a Norwegian jurist and businessperson.	Arne Meidell	8 August 1963
date of death	Juan Coronel (born 1569, in Spain; died 1651, at Mérida, Mexico) was a Spanish Franciscan missionary.	Juan Coronel	1651
date of death	Ralph Amner (died 1664), a relation of John Amner, was admitted a lay clerk of Ely Cathedral in 1604, and retained the post until 1609, when he was succeeded by Michael Este.	Ralph Amner	1664
date of death	Colin Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth (1596/7-1633), was a Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman, possessed of vast estates and wealth.	Colin Mackenzie, 1st Earl of Seaforth	1633
date of death	Vladimir Košak (25 July 1908 -- 18 June 1947) was a Croatian economist, lawyer, politician and diplomat.	Vladimir Košak	18 June 1947
date of death	Johannes Rosinus (Johann Roszfeld) (c. 1550 -- 1626) was the German author of a work on Roman antiquities called Antiquitatum romanarum corpus absolutissimum, which first appeared at Basel in 1585.	Johannes Rosinus	1626
date of death	Mario Esposito (7 September 1887 -- 19 February 1975) was an Irish and Italian scholar who specialised in Hiberno-Latin studies.	Mario Esposito	19 February 1975
date of death	Albert Whiggs Easmon (1865 -- 21 May 1923) was a Sierra Leonean doctor and the half-brother of Dr John Farrell Easmon.	Albert Whiggs Easmon	21 May 1923
date of death	Louis Antoine François Baillon (20 January 1778 -- 3 December 1855) was a French naturalist and collector.	Louis Antoine François Baillon	3 December 1855
date of death	Dionicio Rodriguez (1891--1955) was a Mexican-born artist and architect whose work can be seen in Alabama, Arkansas, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, New Mexico, Tennessee, and Texas, as well as Washington, D.C. and Mexico City.	Dionicio Rodriguez	1955
date of death	Albert I of Käfernburg (German: Albrecht I. von Käfernburg) (died 15 October 1232) was the eighteenth Archbishop of Magdeburg.	Albert I of Käfernburg	15 October 1232
date of death	Christian Thams (9 September 1867 -- 22 May 1948) was a Norwegian architect, industrialist, businessman and diplomat.	Christian Thams	22 May 1948
date of death	Piero della Francesca (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjɛːro della franˈtʃeska) listen ; c. 1415 -- 12 October 1492) was an Italian painter of the Early Renaissance.	Piero della Francesca	12 October 1492
date of death	Joseph Relph (3 December 1712 -- 26 June 1743) was a Cumberland poet (his first name is given as Josiah in later editions of the Dictionary of National Biography).	Joseph Relph	26 June 1743
date of death	Albert Ballard (2 August 1888 -- 7 January 1969) was a leading figure in the British Co-operative Party.	Albert Ballard	1969
date of death	Giacomo Franceschini (1672--1745) (also called Jacopo Franceschini) was an Italian painter.	Giacomo Franceschini	1745
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Allister Miller DSO OBE (1892--1951) was a South African aviation pioneer, who contributed significantly to both military and civil aviation in his country during the first half of the 20th century.	Allister Miller	1951
date of death	Vincenzo Fabrizi (1764 -- c. 1812) was an Italian composer of opera buffa.	Vincenzo Fabrizi	1812
date of death	Nicol Galanderian (Armenian: Նիկոլ Գասպարի Գալանդերյան (also Nikol) , September 7, 1881 - March 2, 1944) was a noted composer of Armenian music and is especially known for vocal, choral and children's works whose primary source of inspiration is folk music and urban folksong.	Nicol Galanderian	1944
date of death	Alexander Livingstone, 1st Earl of Linlithgow (died 1621) was a Scottish nobleman, courtier, and politician.	Alexander Livingstone, 1st Earl of Linlithgow	1621
date of death	Isaac Preston Cory (1802--1842) was an antiquarian who compiled ancient fragments and published them in a compendium called Cory's Ancient Fragments (1826, revised 1832).	Isaac Preston Cory	1842
date of death	René Zavaleta Mercado born in Oruro (1935), died in Mexico City (1984), was a Bolivian politician, sociologist and philosopher.	René Zavaleta Mercado	1984
date of death	Granny Alina (died 1969) was the foster grandmother of Gabriel Louis Duval, who claimed in his 2004 book A Princess in the Family that she might have been Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia.	Granny Alina	1969
date of death	Jacques Le Bossu (Paris, 1546 -- Rome, 1626) was a French Benedictine theologian and Doctor of the Sorbonne.	Jacques Le Bossu	1626
date of death	John Loudon McAdam (born John Lowdon McAdam, 23 September 1756 -- 26 November 1836) was a Scottish engineer and road-builder.	John Loudon McAdam	26 November 1836
date of death	John Ross Woodring (J. Ross Woodring) (1882--1946), a newspaperman, was born in Macy, Indiana, on December 23, 1882.	John Ross Woodring	1946
date of death	Giovanni Domenico Campiglia (1692--1768) was an Italian painter and engraver from Florence, active under the patronage of the House of Medici.	Giovanni Domenico Campiglia	1768
date of death	Ran Zhi (Chinese: 冉智; died c. 354) was the crown prince of the short-lived Chinese state Ran Wei.	Ran Zhi	354
date of death	Caleb Wild Hammill (1863-1921) was one of the founders of the stockbrokerage and banking investment firm of Shearson, Hammill & Co., founded in 1902 by Mr. Hammill & Edward Shearson.	Caleb Wild Hammill	1921
date of death	Tom Caldwell (30 June 1921 -- November 2002) was a politician, art dealer and interior designer in Northern Ireland.	Tom Caldwell	November 2002
date of death	Dr Lo Wing-lok, JP (Chinese: 勞永樂; 13 September 1954 -- 9 May 2015) was a Hong Kong doctor and politician.	Lo Wing-lok	9 May 2015
date of death	Aristide Leonori (28 July 1856 -- 30 July 1928) was an Italian architect and engineer.	Aristide Leonori	30 July 1928
date of death	Theophilus Redwood (9 April 1806 -- 5 March 1892) was a Welsh pharmacist who was one of the founding members of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain.	Theophilus Redwood	5 March 1892
date of death	Wang Kunlun (1902--1985), birth name Wang Ruyu, was a Chinese politician who held high-profile positions, at different times, in both the Nationalist and Communist parties.	Wang Kunlun	1985
date of death	Juan Bravo Murillo (24 June 1803 -- 11 February 1873) was a Spanish politician, jurist and economist.	Juan Bravo Murillo	11 February 1873
date of death	Frederick T. Melges (2 December 1935 -- 29 July 1988) was an American Psychiatrist and Professor of Psychiatry at Stanford University School of Medicine, notable for his interest in time and for his pioneering work on the role of distortions of time in various psychiatric disorders.	Frederick T. Melges	29 July 1988
date of death	Stafford Somerfield (9 January 1911--14 January 1995) was a British newspaper editor.	Stafford Somerfield	1995
date of death	Arnold Beitzel (27 May 1897 -- 6 November 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arnold Beitzel	6 November 1982
date of death	General Sir Thomas Monteath Douglas KCB ADC (1787 -- October 1868) was an officer of the Bengal Army of the East India Company.	Thomas Monteath Douglas	1868
date of death	Yves Ramette (6 February 1921 -- 2 June 2012) was a French post-romantic composer and organist.	Yves Ramette	2 June 2012
date of death	Sir Thomas Harte Franks (1808--1862), was a British Army general who fought in the Second Anglo-Sikh War.	Thomas Harte Franks	1862
date of death	Heinrich Wangnereck (July 1595 - 11 November 1664) was a Catholic theologian, preacher, author.	Heinrich Wangnereck	1664
date of death	Hon. Joseph Docker (1802 -- 9 December 1884), was an Australian politician, member of the New South Wales Legislative Council.	Joseph Docker	9 December 1884
date of death	Sir Charles Lucas (1613 -- 28 August 1648) was an English soldier, a Royalist commander in the English Civil War.	Charles Lucas	28 August 1648
date of death	Sir Samuel Romilly (1 March 1757 -- 2 November 1818), was a British legal reformer.	Samuel Romilly	2 November 1818
date of death	Peter John Anderson, LLB, MA, FSA, JP, (1853 -- 12 May 1926) was the Librarian of the University of Aberdeen since 1894 and a noted philatelist who signed the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.	Peter John Anderson	12 May 1926
date of death	Charles-François d'Iberville, marquis de La Bonde (1653 - 1723) was a French aristocrat and diplomat.	Charles-François d'Iberville	1723
date of death	Ismail Ahmed Cachalia (1908-2003), popularly known as Moulvi, was a South African political activist and a leader of Transvaal Indian Congress and the African National Congress.	Ismail Ahmed Cachalia	2003
date of death	Donald Malcolm (1930 -- 2013) was a Scottish author of science fiction and fact who was active as a writer from the mid-1950s until the mid-1970s.	Donald Malcolm	2013
date of death	Ross Baillie (26 September 1977 -- 18 June 1999) was a Scottish track and field athlete, older brother of Commonwealth Silver medal winner Chris Baillie.	Ross Baillie	18 June 1999
date of death	Guillermo Deisler (15 June 1940--21 October 1995) was a stage designer, visual poet and mail artist.	Guillermo Deisler	21 October 1995
date of death	William Farren (13 May 1786 -- 24 September 1861), English actor, was born the son of an actor (born 1725) of the same name, who played leading roles from 1784 to 1795 at Theatre Royal, Covent Garden.	William Farren	24 September 1861
date of death	Li Zitong (died AD 622) was an agrarian leader who claimed the title of emperor in the aftermaths of the death of Emperor Yang of Sui at the hands of the general Yuwen Huaji in 618.	Li Zitong	622
date of death	Prince Dimitri Alexandrovich Obolensky (19 March (old style) 1882 -- 27 April 1964) was a Russian nobleman, landowner and marshal of the nobility who after the October Revolution and the Russian Civil War became a night watchman and a taxi driver in Paris.	Dimitri Alexandrovich Obolensky	27 April 1964
date of death	József Madarász de Kisfalud (27 August 1814 -- 31 January 1915) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician, who served as Speaker of the House of Representatives between 1898 and 1899.	József Madarász	31 January 1915
date of death	Heinrich Gustav Mühlenbeck, name also given as Henri Gustave Muehlenbeck (2 June 1798, Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines -- 21 November 1845, Mulhouse) was an Alsatian physician and botanical collector known for his work with bryophytes.	Heinrich Gustav Mühlenbeck	21 November 1845
date of death	George Alfred Barnard (23 September 1915 -- 9 August 2002) was a British statistician known particularly for his work on the foundations of statistics and on quality control.	George Alfred Barnard	9 August 2002
date of death	Mary Latter (1725 -- 28 March 1777) was an English poet, essayist and playwright of the 18th century.	Mary Latter	1777
date of death	Dong Biwu (5 March 1886 -- 2 April 1975) was a Chinese communist political leader during the regime of Mao Zedong.	Dong Biwu	2 April 1975
date of death	Peter Zirschky died by accident around 2004.	Peter Zirschky	2004
date of death	Arild Haga (8 April 1913 -- 22 February 1985) was a Norwegian revue writer.	Arild Haga	22 February 1985
date of death	Johann Georg Zobel von Giebelstadt (1543--1580) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1577 to 1580.	Johann Georg Zobel von Giebelstadt	1580
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Lord Edward Cavendish (28 January 1838 -- 18 May 1891) was a 19th-century British politician.	Lord Edward Cavendish	18 May 1891
date of death	Sir Henry Howarth Bashford FRCP (13 January 1880 -- 15 August 1961) was a distinguished English physician, becoming Honorary Physician to King George VI.	Henry Howarth Bashford	1961
date of death	Pierre-Émile Gounelle (Paris, 9 June 1850 -- 2 October 1914, Paris) was a French entomologist and naturalist.	Pierre-Émile Gounelle	2 October 1914
date of death	George Joseph Smith (11 January 1872 -- 13 August 1915) was an English serial killer and bigamist.	George Joseph Smith	13 August 1915
date of death	Kimweri Mputa Magogo (1914 - 20 September 2000) was a traditional leader of the Shambaa people of the Usambara Mountains in Tanzania.	Kimweri Mputa Magogo	20 September 2000
date of death	Gustav Weindorfer (23 February 1874 -- 5 May 1932) was an Austrian-born Australian amateur botanist, lodge-keeper and promoter of the Cradle Mountains National Park.	Gustav Weindorfer	5 May 1932
date of death	Sebastianus (died 413), a brother of Jovinus, was an aristocrat of southern Gaul.	Sebastianus	413
date of death	Ts'ao Yung-ho (Chinese: 曹永和; pinyin: Cáo Yǒnghé; Wade--Giles: Ts'ao2 Yung3-ho2; 1920 -- 12 September 2014) was a Taiwanese historian known for his work on the early history of Taiwan.	Ts'ao Yung-ho	12 September 2014
date of death	Lloyd Reckord (26 May 1929 -- 8 July 2015) was a Jamaican actor, film maker, and stage director who lived in England for some years.	Lloyd Reckord	8 July 2015
date of death	The shooting of Denzel Dowell, an African-American resident of North Richmond, California, occurred on April 1, 1967.	Denzel Dowell	1967
date of death	Gerard van Honthorst (Gerrit van Honthorst) (4 November 1592 -- 27 April 1656) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Gerard van Honthorst	27 April 1656
date of death	Muhammad Afzaal Ahmad Hussain Gilani (Urdu: سیّد محمد افضال احمد حسين گیلانی) (also known as Sakhiy-e-Kamil, Mahboob-e-Khaas) (1926--1998 CE) was a Pakistani Sufi mystic.	Muhammad Afzaal Ahmad Hussain Gilani	1998
date of death	Nicholas Upton (1400?--1457), was an English cleric, precentor of Salisbury, and writer on heraldry and the art of war.	Nicholas Upton	1457
date of death	Sir John Furley, CH (19 March 1836 in Ashford, Kent -- 27 September 1919 in Oxford) was an English humanitarian who worked to improve medical care both in wartime and at home.	John Furley	27 September 1919
date of death	Sir Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet (1703--1777) was an English politician, architect and collector.	Sir Thomas Robinson, 1st Baronet	1777
date of death	Dragutin Brahm (26 August 1909, Zagreb -- 27 June 1938, Starigrad) was a Croatian mountain climber.	Dragutin Brahm	27 June 1938
date of death	Marcel Lehoux (3 April 1888 -- 19 July 1936) was a French racing driver and businessman.	Marcel Lehoux	19 July 1936
date of death	Ross Hill (died 29 September 2007) was an English BMX cyclist who won British and European titles.	Ross Hill	29 September 2007
date of death	Joshua Allen, 2nd Viscount Allen LLD (17 September 1685 -- 5 December 1742) was an Irish peer and politician.	Joshua Allen, 2nd Viscount Allen	5 December 1742
date of death	Edward J. Kuntze (b. in Pomerania, Prussia, in 1826; d. in New York City, 10 April 1870) was a sculptor.	Edward J. Kuntze	10 April 1870
date of death	On March 19, 1988, John Otis Brew died from congestive heart failure in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	John Otis Brew	1988
date of death	Adolphe Emile Marval (ca.1845 -- 11 July 1935) was a French-born educator and art dealer in Adelaide, South Australia.	Adolphe Emile Marval	11 July 1935
date of death	Al-Mansur al-Hasan (1199--1271) was an imam of the Zaidi state of Yemen who ruled in 1262-1271.	Al-Mansur al-Hasan	1271
date of death	Dominique Roquebert (Bayonne 1744-Battle of Tamatave 1811) was a French navy officer.	Dominique Roquebert	1811
date of death	William Ross, 14th Lord Ross of Halkhead (c.1720-19 August 1754), was a Scottish nobleman.	William Ross, 14th Lord Ross	19 August 1754
date of death	Lu Su (172--217), courtesy name Zijing, was a politician, diplomat and military general serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Lu Su	217
date of death	Battista Guarino (Latin: Baptista Guarinus; 1434--1513) was the youngest son of Guarino da Verona.	Battista Guarino	1513
date of death	Friedrich Diedrich (5 October 1935 -- 7 October 2015) was a German Roman Catholic theologian and Old Testament scholar.	Friedrich Diedrich	7 October 2015
date of death	Gabriel Fragnière (4 March 1934 -- 9 September 2015) was a Swiss university professor, philosopher and scientific researcher.	Gabriel Fragnière	9 September 2015
date of death	Charles Arthur Curran (1913--1978) was a Jesuit priest and psychologist who is best known as the creator of Community Language Learning (CLL), a method in education and specifically in Second Language Teaching.	Charles Arthur Curran	1978
date of death	Dhanraj Bhagat (1917-1988) was an Indian sculptor, considered by many as one of the major sculptors of the Indian subcontinent.	Dhanraj Bhagat	1988
date of death	Frank Oates (1840--1875) was a British naturalist, explorer and uncle to Antarctic explorer Lawrence Oates.	Frank Oates	1875
date of death	Nakagawa Kenzō (Japanese: 中川健藏) (July 16, 1875 -- June 26, 1944) was a Japanese bureaucrat and political figure.	Nakagawa Kenzō	1944
date of death	Saint Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury, also known as Saint Elgiva (died 944) was the first wife of Edmund I (r. 939--946), by whom she bore two future kings, Eadwig (r. 955--959) and Edgar (r. 959--975).	Ælfgifu of Shaftesbury	944
date of death	Zoran Prljinčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Прљинчевић; 27 January 1932 -- 13 June 2013) was a former Serbian footballer and football coach.	Zoran Prljinčević	13 June 2013
date of death	Alan Maxwell Boisragon (1860-1922) was a British army officer, and author, and was Captain Superintendent of the Shanghai Municipal Police from 1901-1906.	Alan Maxwell Boisragon	1922
date of death	Michael Christiansen (1926 or 1927 -- 15 June 1984) was a British newspaper editor.	Michael Christiansen	15 June 1984
date of death	Pasquale del Pezzo, Duke of Caianello and Marquis of Campodisola (2 May 1859 -- 20 June 1936), was a Neapolitan mathematician.	Pasquale del Pezzo	20 June 1936
date of death	William Logsdail (25 May 1859 -- 3 September 1944) was a prolific English landscape, portrait, and genre painter.	William Logsdail	3 September 1944
date of death	John Gerard Anderson (1836--1911), M.A., J.P., was a Scottish-born educationalist and public servant in colonial Queensland.	John Gerard Anderson	1911
date of death	James Lysaght Finegan or Finigan (died 8 September 1900) was an Irish barrister, soldier, merchant and politician.	James Lysaght Finegan	8 September 1900
date of death	Roberto Curcio (3 August 1912 -- 1993) was an Italian modern pentathlete.	Roberto Curcio	1993
date of death	Hal Braham (1911-1994) was an American writer primarily known for his work in crime fiction and western fiction.	Hal Braham	1994
date of death	Diepold III, Margrave of Vohburg (c. 1079 -- 1146), also known as Diepold von Vohburg and Diepold III von Giengen, was a Bavarian noble in the 12th century.	Diepold III, Margrave of Vohburg	1146
date of death	Melito of Sardis (Greek: Μελίτων Σάρδεων Melíton Sárdeon) (died c. 180) was the bishop of Sardis near Smyrna in western Anatolia, and a great authority in early Christianity.	Melito of Sardis	180
date of death	Hedwig von Restorff (December 14, 1906, Berlin -- 1962) is best known for her discovery of the von Restorff effect or isolation effect.	Hedwig von Restorff	1962
date of death	Günther Strupp (March 6, 1912 -- 1996) was a German artist, illustrator, and art director.	Günther Strupp	1996
date of death	Rakesh Deewana (c. 1969 -- 27 April 2014) was an Indian character actor from Hathras, Uttar Pradesh.	Rakesh Deewana	27 April 2014
date of death	Dafydd Llywelyn (10 January 1939 in South Wales -- 25 March 2013 in München) was a Welsh composer, pianist, conductor and teacher.	Dafydd Llywelyn	25 March 2013
date of death	Robert Millhouse (1788--1839) was an English Spenserian poet, born in Nottingham, England.	Robert Millhouse	1839
date of death	Gabrielle Duchêne (26 February 1870 -- 3 August 1954) was a French feminist and pacifist who was active in the French section of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF).	Gabrielle Duchêne	3 August 1954
date of death	Andrianampoinimerina (Malagasy pronunciation: (anˈɖʐianˌmpuʲnˈmerʲnə̥)) (1745--1810) ruled the Kingdom of Imerina from 1787 until his death.	Andrianampoinimerina	1810
date of death	Roulland Le Roux (fl. 1508 - 1527) was a French gothic architect responsible for the Flamboyant west facade and the Tour De Beurre of Rouen Cathedral, and the Bureau Des Finances in Rouen.	Roulland Le Roux	1527
date of death	Perry Bullard (full name, Winston Perry Bullard), (1942--1998), was a Democratic politician and lawyer in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Perry Bullard	1998
date of death	Ida Bagus Made Poleng (1915--1999) was a traditional Balinese painter.	Ida Bagus Made	1999
date of death	Ali Fethi Okyar (29 April 1880 -- 7 May 1943) was a Turkish diplomat and politician who also served as a military officer and diplomat during the last decade of the Ottoman Empire.	Fethi Okyar	7 May 1943
date of death	Benjamin Carrington FRSE FLS MRCS (1827 -- 1893) was a leading British botanist and taxonomist in the late 19th century.	Benjamin Carrington	1893
date of death	John Goodyer (1592--1664) was a 17th-century botanist who lived in Hampshire, England.	John Goodyer	1664
date of death	Gheorghe Adamescu (July 23, 1869--March 4, 1942) was a Romanian literary historian and bibliographer.	Gheorghe Adamescu	1942
date of death	Franz Hoppenstätt (died 1657 or 1658) was a German-Estonian wood carver.	Franz Hoppenstätt	1658
date of death	Nero Hawley (1742--1817), born into slavery in North Stratford, now Trumbull, Connecticut, enlisted in place of his owner, Daniel Hawley, in the Continental Army on April 20, 1777 during the American Revolution and earned his freedom.	Nero Hawley	1817
date of death	Hugo Griebert (1867-1924) was a stamp dealer and philatelist who was a specialist in the stamps of Spain and who was entered on the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1921.	Hugo Griebert	1924
date of death	Qiao Rui (died 197) was an official serving under the warlord Yuan Shu during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Qiao Rui	197
date of death	Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair was King of Connacht from 1189 to 1202.	Cathal Carragh Ua Conchobair	1202
date of death	Elizabeth Malleson (née Whitehead; 1828-1916) was an English educationalist, suffragist and activist for women's education and rural nursing.	Elizabeth Malleson	1916
date of death	Bernie Elsey Snr (1906 -- 25 August 1986) was a property developer and entrepreneur, associated with early developments on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Bernie Elsey	1986
date of death	Vera von Schalburg (23 November 1907 - 1993) was a Soviet, German and British agent and sister of Christian Frederik von Schalburg.	Vera von Schalburg	1993
date of death	Ambrose Serle (1742--1812) was an English official, diarist and writer of Christian prose and hymns.	Ambrose Serle	1812
date of death	Herbert William Garratt (8 June 1864 -- 25 September 1913) was an English mechanical engineer and the inventor of the Garratt system of articulated locomotives.	Herbert William Garratt	25 September 1913
date of death	George Samuel Fereday Smith (7 May 1812 -- 26 May 1891) was an English industrialist and canal manager who from 1837 to 1887 was the Deputy Superintendent of the Bridgewater Trustees and their successors, whose major source of income came from the Bridgewater Canal.	George Samuel Fereday Smith	26 May 1891
date of death	Benjamin Frater (1979--2007), also known as ``The Catholic Yak'', was an Australian poet.	Benjamin Frater	2007
date of death	Thaddeus Lynch (1901 -- 25 October 1966) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and auctioneer.	Thaddeus Lynch	25 October 1966
date of death	William Lindsay, 18th Earl of Crawford and 2nd Earl of Lindsay (died 1698) was a Scottish noble and politician.	William Lindsay, 18th Earl of Crawford	1698
date of death	Virgil Jordan (1892--1965) was an economist and author.	Virgil Jordan	1965
date of death	Dr. Richard Orton (1940--2013) was a composer, performer and music educator.	Richard Orton	2013
date of death	Diane Cilento (5 October 1933 -- 6 October 2011) was an Australian theatre and film actress and author.	Diane Cilento	6 October 2011
date of death	Barbara Aleksi-Meskhishvili (1 February 1898, Tbilisi -- 25 December 1972, ibid) was a Georgian stage actress.	Barbara Aleksi-Meskhishvili	25 December 1972
date of death	Ajay Kumar Singh was an Indian Police Service officer who was killed on 4 October 2000 by suspected Maoists.	Ajay Kumar Singh	4 October 2000
date of death	Hugh Bellot (1542--1596) was bishop of Bangor and then bishop of Chester.	Hugh Bellot	1596
date of death	Heinz Ebert (Saxony, Germany, October 13, 1907, -- 1983, Rio Claro, São Paulo) was a German-Brazilian geologist, naturalist, and educator.	Heinz Ebert	1983
date of death	Yoo Byung-eun (Hangul: 유병언; hanja: 兪炳彦; RR: Yu Byeong-eon; 11 February 1941 -- 2014) was a South Korean religious leader, businessman, and inventor, who as a photographer was known under the art name Ahae.	Yoo Byung-eun	2014
date of death	Jindřich Polák (5 May 1925 -- 22 August 2003) was a Czech film and television director.	Jindřich Polák	22 August 2003
date of death	Eliseo Reyes Rodríguez (1940--1967) was a Cuban guerrillero.	Eliseo Reyes Rodríguez	1967
date of death	Joseph Nutting (1660--1722) was an English engraver, working in London.	Joseph Nutting	1722
date of death	George Earle Buckle (10 June 1854 -- 13 March 1935) was an English editor and biographer.	George Earle Buckle	13 March 1935
date of death	Arthur Lovekin (12 November 1859 -- 10 December 1931) was a West Australian journalist, newspaper editor and owner, and politician.	Arthur Lovekin	10 December 1931
date of death	Sebastian D'Souza (1906--1996) was a successful Goan music arranger in the Bollywood music industry, considered to be the master of fusing Indian classical music with European classical music concepts of harmony, cadence and obbligato.	Sebastian D'Souza	1996
date of death	Corneliu Moldovanu (pen name of Corneliu Vasiliu; 15 August 1883 -- 2 September 1952) was a Romanian poet, prose writer and playwright.	Corneliu Moldovanu	2 September 1952
date of death	Oruç Reis (Turkish: Oruç Reis; Arabic: عروج بربروس‎; Spanish: Arrudye; c. 1474--1518) was an Ottoman bey (governor) of Algiers and beylerbey (chief governor) of the West Mediterranean, and the elder brother of Hayreddin Barbarossa.	Oruç Reis	1518
date of death	Horia Creangă (20 July 1892 -- 1 August 1943) was a Romanian architect important in the modernist movement.	Horia Creangă	1 August 1943
date of death	Saint Pambo (also known as Pemwah and Bemwah) (d. ca. 375) is an Egyptian Desert Father of the fourth century.	Pambo	375
date of death	Saint Credan of Evesham (died 19 August 780) is a saint in the calendar of the Roman Catholic Church and of the Orthodox Church.	Credan	780
date of death	Rowland Berkeley (about 1548 - 11 June 1611) of Worcester and Spetchley was an English clothier and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611.	Rowland Berkeley	11 June 1611
date of death	Assadollah Mobashery (1909--1990) was Persian judge, politician, journalist, poet and translator of Goethe, Corbin and Jaspers from French into Persian.	Assadollah Mobashery	1990
date of death	Hemalatha Lavanam (26 February 1932 --19 March 2008) was an Indian social reformer, writer, and atheist who protested against untouchability and the caste system.	Hemalatha Lavanam	19 March 2008
date of death	Henry Pratt Fairchild (1880--1956) was a distinguished American sociologist.	Henry Pratt Fairchild	1956
date of death	Neeta Sen (1935 -- 1 April 2006) was an Indian classical singer and music composer.	Neeta Sen	2006
date of death	Matteo di Giovanni (c. 1430 -- 1495) was an Italian Renaissance artist from the Sienese School.	Matteo di Giovanni	1495
date of death	Margaret Elizabeth Sangster (February 22, 1838 -- 1912) was an American poet, author, and editor.	Margaret Elizabeth Sangster	1912
date of death	Charles Vereker, 2nd Viscount Gort PC (Ire) (1768 -- 11 November 1842), known as Charles Vereker until 1817, was a British soldier and politician.	Charles Vereker, 2nd Viscount Gort	11 November 1842
date of death	John Butler, 2nd Marquess of Ormonde, KP (24 August 1808 -- 25 September 1854) was an Irish politician and peer.	John Butler, 2nd Marquess of Ormonde	25 September 1854
date of death	Edward Lowth Badeley (1803/1804 -- 29 March 1868) was an English ecclesiastical lawyer, a member of the Oxford Movement, who was involved in some of the most notorious cases of the 19th century	Edward Lowth Badeley	29 March 1868
date of death	Wim Steijn (28 January 1914, Assendelft -- 23 August 1980, Bentveld), was a Dutch painter.	Wim Steijn	23 August 1980
date of death	Jules Meese (3 September 1896 -- 1 December 1968) was a French lightweight weightlifter.	Jules Meese	1 December 1968
date of death	Gift Tandare (died 2007) was a member of the Zimbabwe political party Movement for Democratic Change.	Gift Tandare	2007
date of death	Juan de Bermúdez (/bɜrˈmjuːdɛz/; Spanish pronunciation: (berˈmuðeθ); d. 1570) was a Spanish navigator of the 16th century.	Juan de Bermúdez	1570
date of death	Henryk Sławik (16 July 1894 -- 23 August 1944) was a Polish politician in the interwar period, social worker, activist, and diplomat, who during World War II helped save over 30,000 Polish refugees, including 5,000 Polish Jews in Budapest, Hungary by giving them false Polish passports with Catholic designation.	Henryk Sławik	1944
date of death	Karl Samuel Leberecht Hermann (20 January 1765 -- 1 September 1846) was a German chemist who independently discovered cadmium in 1817.	Karl Samuel Leberecht Hermann	1 September 1846
date of death	Kristian Gerhard Jebsen (27 May 1927 -- 19 February 2004) was a Norwegian ship-owner.	Kristian Gerhard Jebsen	19 February 2004
date of death	Constantine Phipps, 1st Baron Mulgrave (22 August 1722 (baptised) -- 13 September 1775) was an Irish peer.	Constantine Phipps, 1st Baron Mulgrave	13 September 1775
date of death	Bertram Luard-Selby (12 February 1853 -- 26 December 1918) was an English composer and cathedral organist.	Bertram Luard-Selby	26 December 1918
date of death	Olimpia Aldobrandini (20 April 1623 -- 18 December 1681) was a member of the Aldobrandini family of Rome, and the sole heiress to the family fortune.	Olimpia Aldobrandini	18 December 1681
date of death	Joseph Wilcocks (19 December 1673 -- 28 February 1756) was an English churchman, bishop of Gloucester, and bishop of Rochester and dean of Westminster.	Joseph Wilcocks	28 February 1756
date of death	Ayin Hillel (Hebrew: ע. הלל‎) was the pen name of Hillel Omer (4 August 1926 - 30 June 1990, Hebrew: הלל עומר‎), an Israeli poet and children's author.	Ayin Hillel	1990
date of death	Gerbrand van den Eeckhout (19 August 1621 -- 29 September 1674), was a Dutch Golden Age painter and a favourite student of Rembrandt.	Gerbrand van den Eeckhout	29 September 1674
date of death	Sarah Bradlee Fulton (December 14, 1740, Dorchester - 1835, Medford) was an active participant of the Revolutionary War on the American side.	Sarah Bradlee Fulton	1835
date of death	Joe Tasker (12 May 1948 -- 17 May 1982) was one of the most talented British climbers during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Joe Tasker	17 May 1982
date of death	Though some of his followers believed he was immortal, Haidakhan Babaji died on 14 February 1984, of what appeared to be a heart failure.	Haidakhan Babaji	14 February 1984
date of death	Slavko Pavletić (1917 -- 1945) was a Croatian football midfielder who tenured within Croatia during his spanned career.	Slavko Pavletić	1945
date of death	James Myles Hogge (19 April 1873 - 27 October 1928) was a British social researcher and Liberal politician.	James Myles Hogge	27 October 1928
date of death	Roy Cazaly (13 January 1893 -- 10 October 1963) was an Australian rules football player famous for his high marks and ruck work, which gave rise to the phrase ``Up There Cazaly''.	Roy Cazaly	10 October 1963
date of death	Otakar Hromádko (30 August 1909 in Kněž, district Čáslav, Czechoslovakia -- 14 April 1983 in Yverdon-les-Bains, Switzerland) was a Czechoslovak journalist and army officer.	Otakar Hromádko	14 April 1983
date of death	Makina Kameya (died February 1988) was an Angola-born Zimbabwean sculptor.	Makina Kameya	1988
date of death	Ma Xianda (1932 -- 17 June 2013) was a Chinese martial artist.	Ma Xianda	17 June 2013
date of death	Sokollu Mehmed Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: سوکلو محمد پاشا‎; Serbo-Croatian: Mehmed-paša Sokolović, Cyrillic: Мехмед-паша Соколовић, pronounced (měxmet pâʃa sokǒːloʋit͡ɕ); 1506 -- 11 October 1579) was an Ottoman statesman.	Sokollu Mehmed Pasha	11 October 1579
date of death	George Bowdler Buckton (24 May 1818, London - 25 September 1905, Haslemere, Surrey) was an English entomologist who specialised in aphids.	George Bowdler Buckton	25 September 1905
date of death	Wilhelm Heinrich Waagen (23 June 1841 -- 24 March 1900) was a geologist and paleontologist.	Wilhelm Heinrich Waagen	24 March 1900
date of death	Charles H. Ruth (1889--1949) was considered the founding father of the Army Map Service.	Charles H. Ruth	1949
date of death	Brigadier General John Patrick McGlinn CMG, CBE (11 April 1869 -- 7 July 1946) was a senior officer of the Australian Army who served in World War I.	John Patrick McGlinn	7 July 1946
date of death	August Albo (11 September 1893 Suurupi, Harju County -- 13 December 1963 New York City, USA) was an Estonian artist who studied at the Russian Royal Academy of Art but lived most of his life in New York City.	August Albo	1963
date of death	Charmian Clift (30 August 1923 -- 8 July 1969) was an Australian writer and essayist during the mid 20th century.	Charmian Clift	8 July 1969
date of death	Berta Bojetu, also Berta Bojetu Boeta, (7 February 1946 -- 16 March 1997) was a Slovene writer, poet and actress.	Berta Bojetu	16 March 1997
developer	Earth No More is an upcoming first-person shooter video game produced by Radar Group (formerly by 3D Realms).	Earth No More	Radar Group
developer	Virtual Pool 3, often referred to as VP3, is a 3D, first-person sports simulation video game, developed and released for the PC and PlayStation by Celeris.	Virtual Pool 3	Celeris
developer	Wizball is a computer game written by Jon Hare and Chris Yates (who together formed the company Sensible Software) and released in 1987 originally for the Commodore 64 and later in the year for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC.	Wizball	Sensible Software
developer	Laser Squad Nemesis (LSN) is a 2002 multiplayer turn-based tactics video game developed by Codo Technologies for the PC.	Laser Squad Nemesis	Codo Technologies
developer	Opera Mini requests web pages through Opera Software's servers, which process and compress them before sending them to the mobile phone, speeding up transfer by two to three times and dramatically reducing the amount of data transferred, chargeable on many mobile phone data plans.	Opera Mini	Opera Software
developer	Hot Wheels Velocity X (also known as Hot Wheels Velocity X: Maximum Justice in the PlayStation 2 version) is a racing video game released in 2002 by Beyond Games.	Hot Wheels Velocity X	Beyond Games
developer	The Darkness II is a first-person shooter video game with light role-playing elements developed by Digital Extremes and published by 2K Games.	The Darkness II	Digital Extremes
developer	DocBook began in 1991 in discussion groups on Usenet and eventually became a joint project of HAL Computer Systems and O'Reilly & Associates and eventually spawned its own maintenance organization (the Davenport Group) before moving in 1998 to the SGML Open consortium, which subsequently became OASIS.	DocBook	OASIS
developer	Bomberman Blitz is a DSiWare game developed by Hudson Soft.	Bomberman Blitz	Hudson Soft
developer	Kirby's Dream Course (Kirby Bowl (カービィボウル Kābī Bouru) in Japan) is a 1994 golf video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game console.	Kirby's Dream Course	HAL Laboratory
developer	Escape from Rungistan is an interactive fiction computer game written by Bob Blauschild for the Apple II and released by Sirius Software in 1982.	Escape from Rungistan	Sirius Software
developer	Puyo Puyo!! 20th Anniversary (ぷよぷよ!! Puyopuyo 20th anniversary) is a Puyo Puyo game created by Sega and Sonic Team, released for the Nintendo DS on July 14, 2011 and for the Wii, Nintendo 3DS, and PlayStation Portable on December 15, 2011.	Puyo Puyo!! 20th Anniversary	Sonic Team
developer	Alley Master is a Tenpin bowling arcade game released by Cinematronics in 1986.	Alley Master	Cinematronics
developer	Mad Dog McCree is the first live-action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games.	Mad Dog McCree	American Laser Games
developer	HAMMER is a high-availability 64-bit file system developed by Matthew Dillon for DragonFly BSD using B+trees.	HAMMER	Matthew Dillon	DragonFly BSD
developer	Big Money! is a computer puzzle game created by PopCap Games.	Big Money!	PopCap Games
developer	Armageddon Riders is a vehicular combat video game produced by Targem Games.	Armageddon Riders	Targem Games
developer	Tori-Emaki (Japanese for ``bird picture scroll'') is an interactive emakimono developed by SCE London Studio in association with Playlogic Entertainment for the PlayStation 3 platform, which utilizes the PlayStation Eye camera peripheral.	Tori-Emaki	SCE London Studio
developer	Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine is an adventure game created by Himalaya Studios for the PC.	Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine	Himalaya Studios
developer	NTFS (New Technology File System) is a proprietary file system developed by Microsoft.	NTFS	Microsoft
developer	Transarctica (or Arctic Baron) is a 1993 computer game made by the French company Silmarils for the Amiga and ported to the PC, Atari ST, Macintosh and Atari Falcon.	Transarctica	Silmarils
developer	Heavyweight Champ is a series of boxing video games released by Sega.	Heavyweight Champ	Sega
developer	Portal 2 is a 2011 first-person puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation.	Portal 2	Valve Corporation
developer	Blue Toad Murder Files (full title, Blue Toad Murder Files: The Mysteries of Little Riddle) is a murder mystery puzzle video game developed and published by the British video game developer Relentless Software.	Blue Toad Murder Files	Relentless Software
developer	Adobe Acrobat is a family of application software and Web services developed by Adobe Systems to view, create, manipulate, print and manage files in Portable Document Format (PDF).	Adobe Acrobat	Adobe Systems
developer	Parakey is a Web-based computer user interface proposed by Firefox contributors Blake Ross and Joe Hewitt.	Parakey	Blake Ross
developer	Assassin's Creed III is a 2012 action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, and Microsoft Windows.	Assassin's Creed III	Ubisoft Montreal
developer	Sherlock Holmes Versus Jack the Ripper is an adventure game for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360, developed by Frogwares.	Sherlock Holmes Versus Jack the Ripper	Frogwares
developer	'Splosion Man is a 2.5D action platform video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade digital download service.	'Splosion Man	Twisted Pixel Games
developer	Dungeon Keeper is a strategy video game developed by Bullfrog Productions and released by Electronic Arts in July 1997 for the PC.	Dungeon Keeper	Bullfrog Productions
developer	The Legend of Mir 3 was a sprite based isometric 3-D massively multiplayer online role-playing game, developed by WeMade Entertainment.	The Legend of Mir 3	WeMade Entertainment
developer	Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance 3 (also called N.O.V.A. 3) is Gameloft's third installment of the N.O.V.A. series for iOS, BlackBerry 10 and Android devices, with planned releases for the BlackBerry PlayBook and Windows Phone 8 devices.	N.O.V.A. 3	Gameloft
developer	China Warrior, known in Japan as The Kung Fu (THE 功夫 (ザ・クンフー)), is a horizontal beat'em up video game created in 1987 by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16.	China Warrior	Hudson Soft
developer	Munch Man is a video game written by Jim Dramis for the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A home computer and published as a cartridge by Texas Instruments in 1982.	Munch Man	Texas Instruments
developer	Communist Mutants from Space is a fixed shooter video game created in 1982 by Starpath (formerly known as Arcadia) for the Atari 2600 home video game console and the Starpath Supercharger cassette accessory.	Communist Mutants from Space	Starpath
developer	DJMax Technika 2 (Korean: 디제이맥스 테크니카 2) is a music arcade game published and developed by Pentavision in South Korea, and is a sequel to the earlier DJMax Technika arcade game.	DJMax Technika 2	Pentavision
developer	BESYS (Bell Operating System) was an early computing environment originally implemented as a batch processing operating system in 1957 at Bell Labs for the IBM 704 computer.	BESYS	Bell Labs
developer	Kinectimals was developed by Frontier Developments and was a launch title for Kinect.	Kinectimals	Frontier Developments
developer	Aces of the Galaxy is a downloadable rail shooter, developed by Artech Digital Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment for the Xbox Live Arcade.	Aces of the Galaxy	Artech Digital Entertainment
developer	Alpine Racer 2 is a 3D Alpine skiing arcade game released by Namco in 1996.	Alpine Racer 2	Namco
developer	Original authors of Gallium3D were Keith Whitwell and Brian Paul at Tungsten Graphics (acquired by VMware).	Gallium3D	VMware
developer	Mendel Palace, originally released in Japan as Quinty (Japanese: クインティ Hepburn: Kuinti), is a 1990 action/puzzle arcade game developed by Game Freak.	Mendel Palace	Game Freak
developer	Namco Driver's Eyes is a 3D first-person Formula One simulator racing video game released on the Namco System 21 arcade hardware in 1990.	Driver's Eyes	Namco
developer	Primeval Hunt is a shooting arcade game which is developed and published by Sega and runs on their Sega Lindbergh hardware.	Primeval Hunt	Sega
developer	Driift Mania (formerly titled Driift) is a WiiWare racing game by Konami.	Driift Mania	Konami
developer	Dance Maniax is a game from the Bemani series of rhythm games, published by Konami, with songs mostly from the Dancemania series of music, and shares many songs with Dance Dance Revolution.	Dance Maniax	Konami
developer	Fighter & Attacker, originally titled F/A (エフ/エイ Efu/Ei) in Japan, is a vertical scrolling shooter arcade game, which was released by Namco in 1992.	Fighter & Attacker	Namco
developer	Robot Rascals is a scavenger hunt video game by Ozark Softscape and published by Electronic Arts.	Robot Rascals	Ozark Softscape
developer	Trine 2 is a side-scrolling action platform and puzzle video game developed by Frozenbyte.	Trine 2	Frozenbyte
developer	Project Gotham Racing (PGR) is a racing game, the first in its series, developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Microsoft for the Xbox gaming console.	Project Gotham Racing	Bizarre Creations
developer	Blitz Brigade is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Gameloft released on 9 May 2013 for iOS, Android and Windows.	Blitz Brigade	Gameloft
developer	Power Golf is a golf video game released by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16 in 1989.	Power Golf	Hudson Soft
developer	San Francisco Rush 2049 is a 1999 racing video game developed by Atari Games and published by Midway Games for the Arcade, Nintendo 64, Game Boy Color, and Sega Dreamcast.	San Francisco Rush 2049	Atari Games
developer	Dark Void is a video game developed by Airtight Games using the Unreal Engine 3 and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows.	Dark Void	Airtight Games
developer	Code of the Samurai, known in Japan as Shinsengumi Gunraw Den (新選組群狼伝 Shinsengumi Gunrou Den), is a hack and slash game for the PlayStation 2 by Red Entertainment.	Code of the Samurai	Red Entertainment
employer	Gregory Schopen is Professor of Buddhist Studies at University of California, Los Angeles.	Gregory Schopen	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Paul E. Johnson (born August 15, 1942 in Los Angeles) is an American historian and professor emeritus at University of South Carolina.	Paul E. Johnson	University of South Carolina
employer	Mark N. Katz (born November 11, 1954) is a professor of government and politics at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, United States.	Mark N. Katz	George Mason University
employer	Denis Pelli is a Professor of Psychology and Neural Science at New York University studying object recognition and reading.	Denis Pelli	New York University
employer	Tariq Modood, MBE, FAcSS (born 1952) is a British Pakistani Professor of Sociology, Politics and Public Policy at the University of Bristol (1997-- ).	Tariq Modood	University of Bristol
employer	Lawrence L. Larmore, PhD, is an American mathematician and theoretical computer scientist, currently tenuring as the professor of computer science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV).	Lawrence L. Larmore	University of Nevada, Las Vegas
employer	Rolando Hinojosa (born 1929) is a novelist, essayist, poet and the Ellen Clayton Garwood professor in the English Department at the University of Texas at Austin.	Rolando Hinojosa	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Sandra Jovchelovitch, from Porto Alegre, Brazil, is a social psychologist, currently Professor of Social Psychology and Director of the MSc program in Social and Cultural Psychology at the Institute of Social Psychology at the London School of Economics (LSE), of which she serves as head since August 2007.	Sandra Jovchelovitch	London School of Economics
employer	Ralph Hyde (25 March 1939 -- 5 June 2015) was a curator of graphic arts at the Guildhall Library in London, a pre-eminent historian and writer on the subject of Panoramic painting.	Ralph Hyde	Guildhall Library
employer	Dr. Alexander Smits (born December 25, 1948) is the Eugene Higgins Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at Princeton University.	Alexander Smits	Princeton University
employer	Javier Soltero is a Puerto Rican entrepreneur and current Corporate Vice President of Outlook at Microsoft.	Javier Soltero	Microsoft
employer	Patrick Vaughan (born 1965) is an American historian and scholar teaching at the MA program in Transatlantic Studies, Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland.	Patrick Vaughan	Jagiellonian University
employer	Lieutenant General Tadesse Werede Tesfay is Head of Mission and Force Commander of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei (UNISFA).	Tadesse Werede Tesfay	United Nations
employer	Lawrence Ponoroff is the Samuel M. Fegtly Chair in Commercial Law and former dean of the James E. Rogers College of Law at the University of Arizona.	Lawrence Ponoroff	University of Arizona
employer	Ivar Grande (28 April 1911 -- 11 December 1944) was a police officer and Gestapo agent in Trondheim, Norway during World War II. He was second-in-command of the group Sonderabteilung Lola, led by Henry Rinnan.	Ivar Grande	Gestapo
employer	Dr. Thomas McGlashan (born 1942) is an American professor of psychiatry at Yale University, well known for his academic contributions to the study of schizophrenia and other mental illnesses.	Thomas McGlashan	Yale University
employer	Tilman Nagel (born 19 April 1942, in Cottbus) is a German Orientalist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Göttingen.	Tilman Nagel	University of Göttingen
employer	Hagen Schulze (31 July 1943 -- 4 September 2014) was a German historian who held a position at the Free University of Berlin.	Hagen Schulze	Free University of Berlin
employer	Aled Edwards (born June 1, 1962) is the director and CEO of the Structural Genomics Consortium and holds the Banbury Chair of Medical Research at the University of Toronto, Canada and is Visiting Professor of Chemical Biology at the University of Oxford, U.K.	Aled Edwards	University of Toronto
employer	Walter Rudin (May 2, 1921 -- May 20, 2010) was an Austrian-American mathematician and professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Walter Rudin	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Humphrey Hawksley is a journalist who has been a foreign correspondent for the BBC since the early 1980s.	Humphrey Hawksley	BBC
employer	Charles Engel (born 1956) is an American economist and currently the Hester professor in the economics department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Charles Engel	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Andrew H. Hedges (born 1966) is a co-editor of the Joseph Smith Papers, and from 1995 until 2009 was an associate professor of Church History and Doctrine at Brigham Young University (BYU).	Andrew H. Hedges	Brigham Young University
employer	Michael J. Belton (born 1934) is President of Belton Space Exploration Initiatives and Emeritus Astronomer at the Kitt Peak National Observatory in Arizona.	Michael J. Belton	Kitt Peak National Observatory
employer	(Helen) Fay Dowker (/ˈdaʊkər/; born 1965 in Manchester, Lancashire) is a British Professor of Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London.	Fay Dowker	Imperial College London
employer	Ken Howery is a co-founder and partner at Founders Fund, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm with over $2 billion under management.	Ken Howery	Founders Fund
employer	Dina Appeldoorn attended the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, where she studied composition under F.E.A. Koeberg and later with Johan Wagenaar.	Dina Appeldoorn	Royal Conservatory of The Hague
employer	Joe Logan (born January 28, 1974) is the head coach of the Loyola University Maryland women's basketball team, an NCAA Division I program that competes in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC).	Joe Logan	Loyola University Maryland
employer	James Landale (born 1969) is a BBC journalist who is the current Deputy Political Editor of BBC News.	James Landale	BBC
employer	Jonathan Glickman (born May 18, 1969) is an American film producer and the President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Film Division.	Jonathan Glickman	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
employer	Maria Limanskaya (also mistakenly referred to as Anna Pavlova) was a female soldier of the Red Army for three years during World War II. She became known as the Russian woman who directed traffic at the Brandenburg Gate in 1945 after the Battle of Berlin.	Maria Limanskaya	Red Army
employer	Alan Keith-Lucas (1910--1995), known during the early part of his life as Alan Lucas, was a social worker and professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who worked primarily in the field of residential childcare.	Alan Keith-Lucas	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Vik Singh previously worked at Google and Microsoft, both in research and products, helping ship Google Custom Search and Microsoft Windows XPSP2 Wireless Networking.	Vik Singh	Microsoft
employer	Ernst Joachim Wolfgang Stroebe (born 5 May 1941) is a German social psychologist and Emeritus Professor of Social Psychology at the Utrecht University and the University of Groningen, particularly known for his works ``Introduction to social psychology'' and ``Social psychology and health,'' and on brainstorming.	Wolfgang Stroebe	Utrecht University	University of Groningen
employer	Ingrid D. Rowland (b. August 19, 1953) is a professor at the University of Notre Dame School of Architecture.	Ingrid D. Rowland	University of Notre Dame
employer	Robin Truth Goodman is a Professor of Literature at Florida State University.	Robin Truth Goodman	Florida State University
employer	Joseph Sweetman Ames (July 3, 1864 -- June 24, 1943) was a physicist, professor at Johns Hopkins University, provost of the university from 1926 until 1929, and university president from 1929 until 1935.	Joseph Sweetman Ames	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Bridget Kendall MBE (born 27 April 1956) is an English journalist who is the BBC's Diplomatic correspondent working for the corporation's radio and television networks.	Bridget Kendall	BBC
employer	Hoda Elsadda is Chair in the Study of the Contemporary Arab World at the University of Manchester.	Hoda Elsadda	University of Manchester
employer	Liz Balmaseda (born January 17, 1959) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, who writes for The Palm Beach Post.	Liz Balmaseda	The Palm Beach Post
employer	Alejandro Strachan is a Professor of Materials Engineering at Purdue University and the Deputy Director of NNSA's Center for the Prediction of Reliability, Integrity and Survivability of Microsystems.	Alejandro Strachan	Purdue University
employer	Olimpia Salas Martínez (b. 1958) is a professor and researcher at the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, State of Mexico.	Olimpia Salas Martínez	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	François Noudelmann is currently a professor at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee (Switzerland), the University of Paris VIII (Université de Vincennes à Saint-Denis), Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, and New York University.	François Noudelmann	European Graduate School
employer	Herbert Mohring (1928 -- June 4, 2012) was a transportation economist who taught at the University of Minnesota from 1961--1994.	Herbert Mohring	University of Minnesota
employer	Major Barclay Harding Warburton I (April 1, 1866 -- December 5, 1954) was the publisher of the Philadelphia Evening Telegraph.	Barclay Harding Warburton I	Philadelphia Evening Telegraph
employer	Mahmoud Hessabi (Persian: سید محمود حسابی‎‎, February 23, 1903, Tehran -- September 3, 1992, Geneva) was an Iranian scientist, researcher and professor of University of Tehran.	Mahmoud Hessabi	University of Tehran
employer	Philippe Desan is Howard L. Willett Professor of French and History of Culture at the University of Chicago.	Philippe Desan	University of Chicago
employer	Susan Fromberg Schaeffer (March 25, 1940 -- August 26, 2011) was a noted novelist and poet who was a Professor of English at Brooklyn College for over thirty years.	Susan Fromberg Schaeffer	Brooklyn College
employer	Frank Ruskey is a combinatorialist and computer scientist, and professor at the University of Victoria.	Frank Ruskey	University of Victoria
employer	William F. Edwards (April 26, 1906-13 August 1989) was a prominent businessman and educator who held the Driggs Chair of Finance at Brigham Young University (BYU) among many other notable positions.	William F. Edwards	Brigham Young University
employer	Kirsty Lang (born 1962) is a British journalist and broadcaster who works for BBC Radio and Television.	Kirsty Lang	BBC
employer	In 2015 Paula Vogel's literary archive was obtained by the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University, and she became the first female playwright included in the library's Yale Collection of American Literature.	Paula Vogel	Yale University
employer	Rinaldo Walcott is a Black Canadian academic and writer, employed as an associate professor at OISE/University of Toronto in the Department of Sociology and Equity Studies in Education.	Rinaldo Walcott	University of Toronto
employer	David A. Weitz (born October 3, 1951) is a Canadian/American physicist and Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics & Applied Physics and professor of Systems Biology at Harvard University.	David A. Weitz	Harvard University
employer	Yuen-Ron Shen (沈元壤) is a professor emeritus of physics at the University of California, Berkeley, known for his work on non-linear optics.	Yuen-Ron Shen	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Kent W. Colton (born November 21, 1943) is a Senior Scholar at the Joint Center for Housing Studies, Harvard University.	Kent W. Colton	Harvard University
employer	Rochel Gelman (born January 23, 1942) is a psychology professor at Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ, and Co-Director of the Center for Cognitive Science.	Rochel Gelman	Rutgers University
employer	Harry Bolton Seed (August 19, 1922 -- April 23, 1989) was an educator, scholar, former Professor at the University of California, Berkeley.	Harry Bolton Seed	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Arthur Scott Walters is an American neurologist, a professor of neurology at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee, USA.	Arthur Scott Walters	Vanderbilt University
employer	Perry A. Frey (born 1935) is professor emeritus of biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Perry A. Frey	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	William Lyman Underwood (1864 -- January 24, 1929) was an American photographer who was also involved in the research of time-temperature canning research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) during 1895-96.	William Lyman Underwood	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	William Horbury (b. 1942) is Professor of Jewish and Early Christian Studies and a Fellow of Corpus Christi College at Cambridge University.	William Horbury	Corpus Christi College
employer	Tom W. Mayer is a writer and retired professor of the English Department at the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, where he held the position of Professional Writer during his tenure there in the 1980s and 1990s.	Tom W. Mayer	University of New Mexico
employer	Kweku Adoboli (born 21 May 1980) is a Ghanaian ex-trader known for his role in the 2011 UBS rogue trader scandal.	Kweku Adoboli	UBS
employer	Nabi Saleh is an Iranian Australian businessman and commodities trader, known for his role in purchasing Gloria Jean's Coffees and taking it world wide.	Nabi Saleh	Gloria Jean's Coffees
employer	Katherine Weare (born 1950) is a Professor of Education at the University of Southampton, England.	Katherine Weare	University of Southampton
employer	Bernd Sturmfels (born March 28, 1962 in Kassel, West Germany) is Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley.	Bernd Sturmfels	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Menna Richards OBE was the Controller of BBC Cymru Wales from February 2000 to February 2011.	Menna Richards	BBC
employer	Lieutenant General Purna Chandra Thapa is an officer in the Nepalese Army and served as the Head of Mission and Force Commander of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force from 19 January 2015 until 7 February 2016.	Purna Chandra Thapa	United Nations
employer	Gerrit Glas (born 31 August 1954, Bennekom) studied Medicine at the University of Amsterdam and Philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit.	Gerrit Glas	Vrije Universiteit
employer	Dorothee Kern, (born 1966) is a professor of Biochemistry at Brandeis University and former player for the East German national basketball team.	Dorothee Kern	Brandeis University
employer	Carl Van Ness is the Curator of Manuscripts & Archives Department in the University of Florida Libraries' Special & Area Studies Collections, and was appointed the University Historian for the University of Florida in 2006.	Carl Van Ness	University of Florida
employer	Carol Myers-Scotton (born 1934) was a Distinguished Professor Emerita in the Linguistics Program and Department of English at the University of South Carolina until 2003 and is now an adjunct professor in the Department of Linguistics and Languages at Michigan State University, and also a visiting scholar at the MSU African Studies Center.	Carol Myers-Scotton	University of South Carolina
employer	Sow-Hsin Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈守信; traditional Chinese: 陳守信; pinyin: Chén shǒuxìn; born in Chia-yi, Taiwan), is an American physicist and Professor Emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Sow-Hsin Chen	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Lawrence Amos McLouth, A.B., LL.D. (1863--1927) was an American Germanic scholar, born at Ontonagon, Michigan He graduated from the University of Michigan in 1887, as a member of the Zeta Psi fraternity.	Lawrence Amos McLouth	University of Michigan
employer	Matthias Kuhle (20 April 1948 -- 25 April 2015) was a German geographer and professor at the University of Göttingen.	Matthias Kuhle	University of Göttingen
employer	Lawrence M. Principe is the Drew Professor of the Humanities at Johns Hopkins University in the Department of History of Science and Technology and the Department of Chemistry.	Lawrence M. Principe	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Joseph M. Hellerstein (born 7 June 1968) is professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley, where he works on database systems and computer networks.	Joseph M. Hellerstein	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Paul Beaudry (born 1960) is Professor and Canada Research Chair in the UBC Department of Economics at the University of British Columbia.	Paul Beaudry	University of British Columbia
father	Daniel Guggenheim (July 9, 1856 -- September 28, 1930) was an American mining magnate and philanthropist, and a son of Meyer Guggenheim.	Daniel Guggenheim	Meyer Guggenheim
father	Matteo I Visconti (Invorio, 15 August 1250 - Crescenzago, 24 June 1322) was the son of Teobaldo Visconti (nephew of the Archbishop of Milan, Ottone Visconti) and Anastasia Pirovano.	Matteo I Visconti	Teobaldo Visconti
father	Ali ibn Buya (Persian: علی بن بویه‎‎), known by his laqab (honorific epithet) Imad al-Dawla (c. 891/2 -- December 949), was the founder of the Buyid dynasty in Iran (in Shiraz, 934--949).	Imad al-Dawla	Buya
father	Tokai Teio (Japanese: トウカイテイオー, April 20, 1988 - August 30, 2013) was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse, sired by Symboli Rudolf, a son of Partholon, out of Tokai Natural, a daughter of Nice Dancer.	Tokai Teio	Symboli Rudolf
father	Sir George Downing, 2nd Baronet, of East Hatley (died June 1711) was the son and heir of Sir George Downing, 1st Baronet.	Sir George Downing, 2nd Baronet	Sir George Downing, 1st Baronet
father	Lady Katherine Percy (May 18, 1423 -- c. 1475) was the daughter of Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland and Lady Eleanor Neville.	Lady Katherine Percy	Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland
father	Shealtiel (Hebrew: שְׁאַלְתִּיאֵל‎, Shə’altî’ēl) or Greek-derived variant Salathiel (Greek: Σαλαθιηλ, Salăthiēl) was the son of Jeconiah, king of Judah.	Shealtiel	Jeconiah
father	Nikephoros Xiphias was born probably some time around or before 980, and was most likely the son of Alexios Xiphias, who served as the Catepan of Italy in 1006--08.	Nikephoros Xiphias	Alexios Xiphias
father	Agonglo took over from his father King Kpengla in 1789 and inherited many of the economic problems that developed during Kpengla's reign.	Agonglo	Kpengla
father	Mahmoud Mirza (9 October 1905 -- 2 July 1988) Iranian prince of Qajar Dynasty, was the son of Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar.	Mahmoud Mirza	Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar
father	Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke, 2nd Earl of Montgomery (1621 -- 11 December 1669), was the son of Philip Herbert, 4th Earl of Pembroke, and Susan de Vere.	Philip Herbert, 5th Earl of Pembroke	Philip Herbert, 4th Earl of Pembroke
father	Some scholars have linked the Nine Mothers of Heimdallr with the Nine Daughters of Ægir (whose parentage and names combined imply waves), an identification that would mean that Heimdallr was thus born from the waves of the sea.	Nine Mothers of Heimdallr	Ægir
father	Henry Marc Brunel (27 June 1842 -- 7 October 1903) was the second son of the celebrated English engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel, and followed his father's footsteps in becoming a civil engineer.	Henry Marc Brunel	Isambard Kingdom Brunel
father	Leonidas Palaskas was born in Ioannina in 1819, the son of the chieftain Christos Palaskas.	Leonidas Palaskas	Christos Palaskas
father	James Hay, 15th Earl of Erroll (20 April 1726 -- 3 July 1778) was the son of William Boyd, 4th Earl of Kilmarnock.	James Hay, 15th Earl of Erroll	William Boyd, 4th Earl of Kilmarnock
father	Henry Vaux (c. 1559 - 19 November 1587) was an English recusant, priest smuggler, and poet during the reign of Elizabeth I. He was born the eldest child of William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden, and his first wife, Elizabeth Beaumont, daughter of John Beaumont of Grace Dieu, Leicester.	Henry Vaux	William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden
father	Doon Arbus (born April 3, 1945), a daughter of actor Allan Arbus and photographer Diane Arbus, is a writer and journalist.	Doon Arbus	Allan Arbus
father	Roland Mack grew up as a son of the entrepreneur Franz Mack, in Waldkirch.	Roland Mack	Franz Mack
father	Mary Anna Custis Lee was the only surviving child of George Washington Parke Custis, George Washington's step-grandson and adopted son and founder of Arlington House, and Mary Lee Fitzhugh Custis, daughter of William Fitzhugh and Ann Bolling Randolph Fitzhugh.	Mary Anna Custis Lee	George Washington Parke Custis
father	Xiong Zhi succeeded his father Xiong Kang, but later abdicated due to illness.	Xiong Zhi	Xiong Kang
father	Lewis Washington was the son of George Corbin Washington, the grandson of William Augustine Washington, and a great-grandson of Augustine Washington, half-brother of George Washington.	Lewis Washington	George Corbin Washington
father	The most widely accepted version is recounted in Ovid's Metamorphoses, where Adonis is the son of Myrrha and her father Cinyras.	Adonis	Cinyras
father	Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus (236--183 BC), also known as Scipio the African, Scipio Africanus-Major, Scipio Africanus the Elder, and Scipio the Great, is renowned as one of the greatest generals, not only of ancient Rome, but of all time.	Scipio Africanus	Publius Cornelius Scipio
father	Raja Zarith Sofiah was born in Batu Gajah Hospital, Batu Gajah, on 14 August 1959 as the third child and second daughter of Sultan Idris Shah II of Perak and Raja Mazwin Raja Arif Shah.	Raja Zarith Sofia	Idris Shah II of Perak
father	Mao Anqing (Chinese: 毛岸青; pinyin: Máo Ànqīng) (23 November 1923 - 23 March 2007) was the last known surviving son of Mao Zedong.	Mao Anqing	Mao Zedong
father	Philip Frederick of the Palatinate (Prince Palatine John Philip Frederick, 16 September 1627 -- 16 December 1650), was the seventh son of Frederick V, Elector Palatine (of the House of Wittelsbach), the ``Winter King'' of Bohemia, by his consort, the English princess Elizabeth Stuart.	Philip Frederick of the Palatinate	Frederick V, Elector Palatine
father	Endeïs was either the daughter of Chiron and the nymph Chariclo; the daughter of Pandion of Athens; or the daughter of the Megarian warlord Sciron.	Endeïs	Chiron
father	Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh (1780--1801), also known as Prince Cảnh, was the eldest son of the Vietnamese Prince Nguyễn Phúc Ánh, the future Emperor Gia Long.	Nguyễn Phúc Cảnh	Gia Long
father	Brian Henson (born November 3, 1963) is an American puppeteer, director, producer, and the chairman of The Jim Henson Company.	Brian Henson	Jim Henson
father	Jeanne Modigliani (29 November 1918 -- 27 July 1984) was the biographer of her father, artist Amedeo Modigliani, writing the 1958 book Modigliani, man and myth, later translated into English from the Italian by Esther Rowland Clifford.	Jeanne Modigliani	Amedeo Modigliani
father	Louis Lully (Paris, 4 August 1664 -- 1 April 1734) was a French musician and the eldest son of Jean-Baptiste Lully.	Louis Lully	Jean-Baptiste Lully
father	Lady Iris Mountbatten was born in Kensington Palace, London on 13 January 1920, the only child of Alexander Mountbatten, 1st Marquess of Carisbrooke, eldest of three sons and one daughter of Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry of Battenberg.	Lady Iris Mountbatten	Alexander Mountbatten, 1st Marquess of Carisbrooke
father	Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale (Albert Victor Christian Edward; 8 January 1864 -- 14 January 1892), was the eldest son of Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII), and the grandson of the reigning British monarch, Queen Victoria.	Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale	Edward VII
father	Mid-day Sun's sire, Solario was an outstanding racehorse who won the Coronation Cup and the Ascot Gold Cup in 1926, before going on to be Champion sire three times.	Mid-day Sun	Solario
father	Bret Hanover was by the leading sire Adios and out of Brenna Hanover by Tar Heel, a Little Brown Jug winner and a leading sire.	Bret Hanover	Adios
father	Eilika of Saxony (c. 1080 -- 16 January 1142) was the younger daughter of Magnus, Duke of Saxony and Sophia (married 1071), a daughter of Béla I of Hungary.	Eilika of Saxony	Magnus, Duke of Saxony
father	Axayacatl was a son of the princess Atotoztli II and her cousin, prince Tezozomoc.	Axayacatl	Tezozomoc
father	Attalus III (Greek: Ἄτταλος Γ΄) Philometor Euergetes (c. 170 BC -- 133 BC) was the last Attalid king of Pergamon, ruling from 138 BC to 133 BC. He was the son of Eumenes II and wife Stratonice of Pergamon and the nephew of Attalus II, whom he succeeded.	Attalus III	Eumenes II
father	Elizabeth Ferrers (c. 1250 -- c. 1300) was a daughter of William de Ferrers, 5th Earl of Derby, and his second wife Margaret de Quincy (born 1218).	Elizabeth Ferrers	William de Ferrers, 5th Earl of Derby
father	Joseph Ignaz Philipp von Hessen-Darmstadt was born in Brussels on January 22, 1699, the son of Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt and his wife Princess Marie Therese von Croÿ (1673--1714), daughter of Ferdinand François Joseph von Croÿ, 3rd Duke of Havré.	Joseph Ignaz Philipp von Hessen-Darmstadt	Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt
father	Prince Pedro Luiz of Orléans-Braganza (12 January 1983 -- 1 June 2009) was the son of Prince Antônio of Orléans-Braganza, and was third in the line of succession to the former Brazilian throne, abolished in 1889.	Prince Pedro Luiz of Orléans-Braganza	Prince Antônio of Orléans-Braganza
father	Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate (18 April 1622 -- 11 February 1709) was a daughter of Frederick V, Elector Palatine and King of Bohemia, and Elizabeth Stuart.	Louise Hollandine of the Palatinate	Frederick V, Elector Palatine
father	Yuan Huangtou (Chinese:zh:元黄头) was the son of emperor Yuan Lang of Eastern Wei.	Yuan Huangtou	Yuan Lang
father	In Greek mythology, Aristodemus (Ancient Greek: Ἀριστόδημος) was a Heracleidae, son of Aristomachus and brother of Cresphontes and Temenus.	Aristodemus	Aristomachus
father	Rocket Bar was a registered Thoroughbred son of Three Bars that foaled in Arizona in 1951.	Rocket Bar	Three Bars
father	Georg Nolte is a son of the German historian Ernst Nolte (born 1923).	Georg Nolte	Ernst Nolte
father	Hu Haifeng (Chinese: 胡海峰; pinyin: Hú Hǎifēng) is a Chinese businessman and the son of the former Chinese President and Communist Party General Secretary Hu Jintao.	Hu Haifeng	Hu Jintao
father	Born in Oneonta, New York, Sherman Fairchild was the only child of George Winthrop Fairchild (1854--1924) and Josephine Mills Sherman (1859--1924).	Sherman Fairchild	George Winthrop Fairchild
father	Áed mac Cináeda (died 878) was a son of Cináed mac Ailpín (``Kenneth MacAlpin'').	Áed mac Cináeda	Kenneth MacAlpin
father	Bred in Kentucky, Life's Magic was sired by Cox's Ridge, a Grade I winner and descendant of the great Nearco.	Life's Magic	Cox's Ridge
licensed to broadcast to	WWDV (96.9 FM) is a radio station in Zion, Illinois, known as ``The Drive''.	WWDV	Zion
licensed to broadcast to	Somerset's Orchard FM (later Heart Somerset) broadcast from studios at Haygrove House (a converted farm house and grounds) at Shoreditch near Taunton Racecourse, Taunton, adjacent to the M5.	Heart Somerset	Taunton
licensed to broadcast to	CHTT-FM is a radio station in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, which airs at 103.1 FM.	CHTT-FM	Victoria
licensed to broadcast to	WTYD is an Adult Album Alternative formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Deltaville, Virginia, serving the Northern Neck.	WTYD	Deltaville, Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	BBC WM 95.6 (previously BBC Radio WM) is the BBC Local Radio service for the West Midlands, South Staffordshire, north Worcestershire and north Warwickshire, operated by BBC Birmingham.	BBC WM	Birmingham
licensed to broadcast to	KNYN is an American FM radio station broadcasting on 99.1 MHz FM and is licensed to Fort Bridger, Wyoming.	KNYN	Fort Bridger
licensed to broadcast to	WILK-FM is a radio station licensed to Avoca, Pennsylvania operating at a frequency of 103.1 MHz serving the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre/Hazleton radio market.	WILK-FM	Avoca
licensed to broadcast to	WMMO is a Cox Media Group radio station in Orlando, Florida, broadcasting at 98.9 FM with a classic hits format.	WMMO	Orlando
licensed to broadcast to	WORQ, known by the on-air brand of ``Q90 FM'', is a Christian radio radio station in Green Bay, Wisconsin.	WORQ	Green Bay
licensed to broadcast to	WDBR is a Top 40 radio station licensed to and serving the Springfield, Illinois market.	WDBR	Springfield
licensed to broadcast to	KRSW (89.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Worthington, Minnesota, serving the Marshall area.	KRSW	Worthington
licensed to broadcast to	KPRR, known as ``Power 102 FM'', is a Rhythmic Top 40 radio station based in El Paso, Texas.	KPRR	El Paso
licensed to broadcast to	KLUR is a radio station serving Wichita Falls, Texas and Vicinity with a country music format.	KLUR	Wichita Falls
licensed to broadcast to	CHAT-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music radio format at 94.5 FM in Medicine Hat, Alberta.	CHAT-FM	Medicine Hat
licensed to broadcast to	KCHU (770 AM) is a non-commercial radio station in Valdez, Alaska, United States.	KCHU	Valdez
licensed to broadcast to	KZNT is a News-Talk AM radio station owned by Salem Communications broadcasting in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	KZNT	Colorado Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KCME is an independent Colorado public radio station founded in Manitou Springs, Colorado, in 1977.	KCME	Manitou Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WBYE (1370 AM) was an American radio station formerly licensed to the community of Calera, Alabama, and serving the greater Birmingham, Alabama, area.	WBYE	Calera
licensed to broadcast to	KABG (98.5 MHz) is an American radio station licensed to Los Alamos, New Mexico serving the Santa Fe and Albuquerque radio markets.	KABG	Los Alamos
licensed to broadcast to	WSRW-FM (105.7 FM, ``Star 105.7''), Grand Rapids, Michigan, is a Hot Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station on the frequency of 105.7 FM.	WSRW-FM	Grand Rapids
licensed to broadcast to	KFBW is a commercial radio station in Vancouver, Washington, broadcasting to the Portland metropolitan area on 105.9 FM.	KFBW	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	WLLH (1400 AM; ``La Nueva Mega'') is a radio station in the Merrimack Valley region of Massachusetts, licensed to Lowell, Massachusetts.	WLLH	Lowell
licensed to broadcast to	KBBW (1010 AM) is a Waco, Texas, Christian radio station.	KBBW	Waco
licensed to broadcast to	KUHL (1440 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Santa Maria, California, USA.	KUHL	Santa Maria
licensed to broadcast to	WBRF is a Classic country, Bluegrass and Americana formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Galax, Virginia, serving Southwestern Virginia, Southside Virginia and the Piedmont Triad.	WBRF	Galax
licensed to broadcast to	KILT-FM (100.3 FM) is a Houston, Texas-based radio station with a country music format.	KILT-FM	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	WZMX, better known as ``Hot 93.7'' is an urban-leaning Rhythmic Contemporary station licensed to Hartford, Connecticut.	WZMX	Hartford
licensed to broadcast to	WAKM is an AM radio station in Franklin, Tennessee, broadcasting on a frequency of 950 kHz.	WAKM	Franklin
licensed to broadcast to	WUSL, better known to the listeners as ``POWER 99FM'', is a mainstream urban radio station, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and licensed to Philadelphia.	WUSL	Philadelphia
licensed to broadcast to	WGAI is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elizabeth City, North Carolina, serving Elizabeth City and the Outer Banks.	WGAI	Elizabeth City
licensed to broadcast to	KNIH (970 AM) is a radio station serving the Las Vegas Valley, licensed to Paradise, Nevada.	KNIH	Paradise
licensed to broadcast to	WDSM (710 AM) is a talk radio station in Duluth, Minnesota, (licensed to Superior, Wisconsin).	WDSM	Superior
licensed to broadcast to	CIKR-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 105.7 FM in Kingston, Ontario owned by Rogers Media.	CIKR-FM	Kingston
licensed to broadcast to	WMID is a radio station in Atlantic City, New Jersey which plays ``the classic oldies''.	WMID	Atlantic City
licensed to broadcast to	WSHR (91.9 FM, ``91.9 The Arrow'') is a radio station licensed to Lake Ronkonkoma, New York and serves the Long Island area.	WSHR	Lake Ronkonkoma, New York
licensed to broadcast to	KAAY is a 50,000-watt, class A clear-channel AM radio station in Little Rock, Arkansas, licensed on 1090 kHz.	KAAY	Little Rock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summer Institute for Future Teachers, SIFT is a residential summer program at Eastern Connecticut State University.	Summer Institute for Future Teachers	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Captain Nathan Hale Monument, is a 45-foot (14 m) obelisk in Coventry, Connecticut, built in 1846 in honor of Nathan Hale, the Revolutionary War hero, who was born in Coventry.	Captain Nathan Hale Monument	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dustan Rural District (Persian: دهستان دوستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Dustan Rural District	Badreh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaiser Convention Center is a historic, publicly owned multi-purpose arena located in Oakland, California.	Kaiser Convention Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkeley Heights Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Berkeley Heights in Union County, New Jersey.	Berkeley Heights Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	RCAF Station Gimli was an air station of the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) located near Gimli, Manitoba, Canada.	RCAF Station Gimli	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srocko Małe (ˈsrɔt͡skɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Srocko Małe	Gmina Stęszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elambilakode is a hamlet in Chaliyar Panchayath of Nilambur Taluk in Malappuram district, Kerala, South India.	Elambilakode	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borawe (bɔˈravɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzekuń, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borawe	Gmina Rzekuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Worth Botanic Garden (109 acres) is a botanical garden located at 3220 Botanic Garden Boulevard, Fort Worth, Texas.	Fort Worth Botanic Garden	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince of Orange Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall in Orangeburg, South Carolina, United States.	Prince of Orange Mall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crompton Loom Works is an historic industrial complex of the Crompton Corporation at 132-142 Green Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Crompton Loom Works	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beecher's Trilobite Bed is a Konservat-Lagerstätte of Late Ordovician (Caradoc) age located within the Frankfort Shale in Cleveland's Glen, Oneida County, New York, USA.	Beecher's Trilobite Bed	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telve (German: Telf) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Trento.	Telve	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarestan (Persian: جارستان‎, also Romanized as Jārestān) is a village in Korond Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jarestan	Korond Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurkuyeh (Persian: جوركويه‎, also Romanized as Jūrkūyeh) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jurkuyeh	Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Khalili (Persian: بنكوي خليلي‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Khalīlī) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bonkuy-e Khalili	Aviz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzieżgów (ˈd͡ʑeʐɡuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dzieżgów	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mordiford is a village in Herefordshire, England on the B4224 Hereford to Mitcheldean road 4 miles east south east of the city of Hereford.	Mordiford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Sanduq (Persian: هفت صندوق‎, also Romanized as Haft Şandūq and Khaft-Sanduk) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Haft Sanduq	Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardonecchia (French: Bardonèche or Bardonnèche; Occitan: Bardonecha) is an Italian town and comune located in the Province of Turin, in the Piedmont region, in the western part of Susa Valley.	Bardonecchia	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy for Academic Excellence (AAE) is a K-12 public charter school located in Apple Valley, California.	Academy for Academic Excellence	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Center City High School was an accredited alternative high school located in Escondido, California, part of the Escondido Union High School District.	Center City High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marco Polo Bridge or Lugou Bridge (simplified Chinese: 卢沟桥; traditional Chinese: 盧溝橋; pinyin: Lúgōu Qiáo) is a famous stone bridge located 15 km southwest of the Beijing city center in the Fengtai District.	Marco Polo Bridge	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Good-Hartle Farm is a historic home and farm complex located near Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Good-Hartle Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Sampford is a village and civil parish on the junction of the B1053 and B1051 roads in the north-west of the English county of Essex.	Great Sampford	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Złotoria (ˈnɔva zwɔˈtɔrja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Złotoria	Gmina Zaręby Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Society Hill Towers is a three-building condominium located in the Society Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Society Hill Towers	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanhu District (simplified Chinese: 盐湖区; traditional Chinese: 鹽湖區; pinyin: Yánhú Qū; literally: ``salt lake'') is the main district of Yuncheng, Shanxi province, China.	Yanhu District	Yuncheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Medici at Careggi is a patrician villa in the hills near Florence, Tuscany, central Italy.	Villa Medici at Careggi	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzehlu (Persian: حمزه لو‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzehlū; also known as Khomrehlī and Saqātūtān) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hamzehlu	Qanibeyglu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson Cemetery is a historic cemetery at Wilson Street on Marlborough, Massachusetts.	Wilson Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hessigheim is a town in the Ludwigsburg Landkreis (or district) approximately 25 km north of Stuttgart.	Hessigheim	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIDI-FM is an English language community radio station with French programming that broadcasts at 99.1 FM in Brome Lake, Quebec, Canada.	CIDI-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coral Springs Christian Academy (CSCA) is a private school in Coral Springs, Florida, serving 1,100 students in pre-school through 12th grade as of 2007.	Coral Springs Christian Academy	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haversin Castle (French: Château de Haversin) is a 17th-century château in the hamlet of Haversin, part of the village of Serinchamps in the municipality of Ciney, province of Namur, Belgium.	Haversin Castle	Ciney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narayangaon is a town in the Pune district of Maharashtra state, India.	Narayangaon	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motor Square Garden, also known as East Liberty Market, is a building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Motor Square Garden	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paunci (Serbian Cyrillic: Паунци) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Paunci	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzbówiec (vjɛʐˈbuvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wierzbówiec	Gmina Sochocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madukkur (மதுக்கூர்) is a Panchayat town in Thanjavur District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Madukkur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sri Muktsar Sahib district (Punjabi: ਸ੍ਰੀ ਮੁਕਤਸਰ ਸਾਹਿਬ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of the twenty two districts in the Indian Punjab and earlier known as khidraane di dhaab.	Sri Muktsar Sahib district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Aviation Hall of Fame (NAHF) is a museum, annual awards ceremony and learning & research center that was founded in 1962 as an Ohio non-profit corporation in Dayton, Ohio.	National Aviation Hall of Fame	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łozienica (wɔʑeˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łozienica	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hall Manor is a medieval manor house, now used as a hotel, in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, England.	New Hall Manor	Sutton Coldfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haig Avenue, known as Merseyrail Community Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is a football stadium in Blowick, Southport, Merseyside, that holds 7,000 spectators.	Haig Avenue	Southport
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Narraguagus River is a short stream in Maine.	Little Narraguagus River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muthukur or Muttukuru is a village and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Muthukur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hall Tavern is an historic tavern at 20 Gray Gardens West Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Hall Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria Navarrese is a coastal and tourist town, frazione ('district') of the municipality of Baunei, in the province of Ogliastra, Sardinia.	Santa Maria Navarrese	Baunei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloudcroft Observatory, also known as the Cloudcroft Electro-Optical Research Facility, was an astronomical observatory located in the Lincoln National Forest near Cloudcroft, New Mexico, approximately 23 kilometers (14 mi) northeast of Alamagordo.	Cloudcroft Observatory	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadipatti is a panchayat town in the Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vadipatti	Madurai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Octagon Round Barn, Indian Creek Township is an historic structure located near Nevada in rural Story County, Iowa, United States.	Octagon Round Barn, Indian Creek Township	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells Airport (FAA LID: 35C) is a privately owned, public-use airport located in Courtland Township three miles (5 km) northeast of the central business district of Rockford, in Kent County, Michigan, United States.	Wells Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerka (ˈjɛrka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jerka	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGTL (620 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Homer, Alaska.	KGTL	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurzawka (kuˈʐafka) (German Kuschofka, Kuschowka, 1939--1945 Kuschhofen; Silesian Kuszówka) is a settlement belonging to the sołectwo of Raszowa in the administrative district of Gmina Leśnica, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kurzawka	Gmina Leśnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant-Frontier Park is a park at Evans Ave. on the east bank of the South Platte River in southwest Denver, Colorado.	Grant-Frontier Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butter Valley Golf Port (FAA LID: 7N8) is a privately owned, public-use airport located on the Butter Valley Golf Port golf course, located one nautical mile (1.85 km) east of the borough of Bally in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Butter Valley Golf Port	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nance-Major House and Store is a historic home and country store located across from the Charles City County Courthouse at Charles City, Charles City County, Virginia.	Nance-Major House and Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pong Tao (Thai: ปงเตา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 8846 people.	Pong Tao	Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubomin Leśny (luˈbɔmin ˈlɛɕnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubomin Leśny	Gmina Boniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howard T. Markey National Courts Building (formerly the National Courts Building) is a courthouse in Washington, D.C., which houses the United States Court of Federal Claims and the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.	Howard T. Markey National Courts Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordi Chal (Persian: كرديچال‎, also Romanized as Kordī Chāl; also known as Kodīchāl, Kodī Chāl, Kolī Chāl, and Kurdichal) is a village in Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kordi Chal	Kelardasht-e Sharqi Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galejtu (Persian: گالجتو‎, also Romanized as Gālejtū) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galejtu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ida Street Viaduct is a registered historic structure in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on November 28, 1980.	Ida Street Viaduct	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان حرم رودسفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District	Samen District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezvan (Persian: بزوان‎, also Romanized as Bezvān, Bozvān, and Bazovān; also known as Beyzehvān, Bezāvān, and Buzavan) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bezvan	Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bischoff is a mountain and former tin mine in the north-western region of Tasmania, Australia.	Mount Bischoff	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside Discovery Center, formerly named the Riverside Park and Zoo, is a park and zoo complex along the North Platte River in Scottsbluff, Nebraska, United States.	Riverside Discovery Center	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baruy Emir (Persian: بروي امير‎, also Romanized as Barūy Emīr) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Baruy Emir	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKOE-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting a Contemporary Christian music format at 107.3 FM in Moncton, New Brunswick.	CKOE-FM	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Makha (Thai: สันมะค่า) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pa Daet District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	San Makha	Pa Daet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Park Golf Course is an 18-hole par-71 public golf course located in the Cheviot Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Rancho Park Golf Course	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLSU (91.1 FM) is the student-run college radio station for Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana with a radio format of variety music and specialty programming.	KLSU	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozone Falls State Natural Area is a state natural area in Cumberland County, Tennessee, located in the Southeastern United States.	Ozone Falls State Natural Area	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nodaway County Historical Society Museum is a museum in Maryville, Missouri telling the history of Nodaway County, Missouri, USA.	Nodaway County Historical Society Museum	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peoples Church of East Lansing is an interdenominational Protestant congregation located in the city of East Lansing, Michigan.	The Peoples Church of East Lansing	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talbot Rice Gallery is part of the University of Edinburgh, in Scotland.	Talbot Rice Gallery	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kootenai National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in northern Idaho.	Kootenai National Wildlife Refuge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harold Wood is a suburb in northeast London, England, and part of the London Borough of Havering.	Harold Wood	London Borough of Havering
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wadsworth-Longfellow House is an historic house and museum in Portland, Maine, United States.	Wadsworth-Longfellow House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goshute Canyon Wilderness is a 42,544-acre (17,217 ha) wilderness area in northern White Pine County in the U.S. state of Nevada.	Goshute Canyon Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Hoseyn Asgar (Persian: دهنوحسين اصغر‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Ḩoseyn Āṣghar) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Hoseyn Asgar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bam Badami (Persian: بام بادامي‎, also Romanized as Bām Bādāmī) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bam Badami	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Temple of Brooklyn is a Reform synagogue located at 17 Eastern Parkway between Underhill Avenue and Plaza Street East in the Prospect Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City, across the street from the Brooklyn Public Library, the Brooklyn Museum, and the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens.	Union Temple of Brooklyn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evenley is a village and civil parish just over 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Brackley in South Northamptonshire, England.	Evenley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalari Yek (Persian: للري يك‎‎, also Romanized as Lalarī Yeḵ, meaning ``Lalari 1''; also known as Lalarī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Lalari Yek	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of New Orleans, often referred to locally as UNO, is a medium-sized public urban university located on the New Orleans lakefront within New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.	University of New Orleans	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargah-e Soleyman (Persian: درگاه سليمان‎, also Romanized as Dargāh-e Soleymān and Dargāh Soleymān) is a village in Saheb Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dargah-e Soleyman	Saheb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehdiabad-e Amin (Persian: مهدي اباد امين‎, also Romanized as Mehdīābād-e Amīn; also known as Mehdīābād) is a village in Bayaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mehdiabad-e Amin	Bayaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unity Baptist Church is a historic African American Baptist church at Sumter and Hart Streets in Kershaw, Lancaster County, South Carolina.	Unity Baptist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ragunan is a kelurahan (Administrative Village) of Pasar Minggu Subdistrict, South Jakarta.	Ragunan	Pasar Minggu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Torrington Historic District is a 56-acre (23 ha) historic district in Torrington, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1988.	Downtown Torrington Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhuyeping Township (simplified Chinese: 竹叶坪乡; traditional Chinese: 竹葉坪鄉; pinyin: Zhuyeping Xiang) is an rural township in Sangzhi County, Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, China.	Zhuyeping	Sangzhi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac de Grand-Lieu is a lake located to the south-west of Nantes, in the Loire-Atlantique, France, and almost entirely in Saint-Philbert-de-Grand-Lieu.	Lac de Grand-Lieu	Loire-Atlantique
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGBN (AM 1360) is a gospel radio station that serves the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market.	WGBN	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybczyzna (rɨpˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rybczyzna	Gmina Rajgród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkley Crossroads Historic District is a historic district at Darlington, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Berkley Crossroads Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusthall is a village located approximately 2 miles to the west of the spa town of Tunbridge Wells in Kent.	Rusthall	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parasi Kalan is a village panchayat located in the Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Parasi Kalan	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middletown Township Public School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students from pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Middletown Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Middletown Township Public School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangri La Botanical Gardens and Nature Center (252 acres) are private botanical gardens and a nature preserve located in the center of Orange, Texas.	Shangri La Botanical Gardens and Nature Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manastash Ridge is a long anticline mountain ridge located in central Washington state in the United States.	Manastash Ridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Rocks is a small coastal town located 35 km south-west of Mount Gambier in the south-east of South Australia.	Carpenter Rocks	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghcheh-ye Shomali (Persian: باغچه شمالي‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheh-ye Shomālī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baghcheh-ye Shomali	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalukhadia (or Dalukhadiya) is a small village in Panchmahal district, Gujarat, India.	Dalukhadia	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	ATB Place formerly TELUS Plaza is an office complex in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, that was completed in 1972 (as the Alberta Government Telephones (AGT) buildings).	ATB Place	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havrebjerg, is a small town with a population of 413 (1 January 2015) in Slagelse Municipality, Denmark.	Havrebjerg	Slagelse Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mechanicsburg Baptist Church is a historic church in the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.	Mechanicsburg Baptist Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bool Lagoon Game Reserve is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia, about 24 kilometres (15 mi) south of the town of Naracoorte.	Bool Lagoon Game Reserve	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rossiya Theatre (Russian: Театр ``Россия''), formerly known as the Pushkinsky Cinema (Russian: Кинотеатр ``Пушкинский'') is monument of architecture and currently the largest theatre in Moscow operated by Stage Entertainment.	Rossiya Theatre	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Punk Rock Shelter (9PM211) was an archaeological site found in Putnam County, Georgia.	Punk Rock Shelter	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluejay Creek is a river in the east part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Bluejay Creek	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tregantle Fort in south east Cornwall is one of several forts surrounding Plymouth that were built as a result of a decision in Lord Palmerston's premiership to deter the French from attacking naval bases on the Channel coast.	Tregantle Fort	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simmondley is a small village near the Derbyshire town of Glossop.	Simmondley	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darowice (darɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Darowice	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cattaraugus Reservation is an Indian reservation of the federally recognized Seneca Nation of Indians, formerly part of the Iroquois Confederacy located in New York.	Cattaraugus Reservation	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazem-e Heydar (Persian: كاظم حيدر‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧em-e Ḩeydar) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kazem-e Heydar	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marion Oliver McCaw Hall, formerly known as the Civic Auditorium and Seattle Opera House, is a performing arts hall in Seattle, Washington, United States.	McCaw Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagodniki (jaɡɔdˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Jagodniki	Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woods-Gerry House (or Dr. Marshall Woods House) is an historic house on 62 Prospect Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Woods-Gerry House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center (RLTAC) is an indoor track and indoor basketball stadium in Roxbury, Massachusetts, partially funded by the state of Massachusetts.	Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinity Alps Wilderness is a 525,627-acre (2,130 km2) designated wilderness located in northern California, roughly between Eureka and Redding.	Trinity Alps Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Creek Secondary School (known as BCSS) is a public secondary school (grades 9-12) located in Barrie, Ontario, Canada.	Bear Creek Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kil-Kare Raceway is a motorsports complex located in Xenia Township, Greene County, near Xenia and Dayton, Ohio, USA.	Kil-Kare Raceway	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Libuš (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɪbuʃ)) is one of the municipal districts of Prague.	Libuš	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson Pigott Bridge (also locally known as the State Road 31 Bridge) is a small two-lane drawbridge located near Fort Myers Shores in Lee County, Florida.	Wilson Pigott Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olympic Peninsula is the large arm of land in western Washington that lies across Puget Sound from Seattle.	Olympic Peninsula	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Górka (ˈstara ˈɡurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stara Górka	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunkeswell is a village and civil parish in East Devon, England, located approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) north of the town of Honiton.	Dunkeswell	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabestar County (Persian: شهرستان شبستر‎) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Shabestar County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWXD is an Active Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Asbury, Missouri, serving Pittsburg in Kansas and Joplin and Carthage in Missouri.	KWXD	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Brothers Building is a historic warehouse located at Chaumont in Jefferson County, New York.	George Brothers Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne (also Saint-Jean de Maurienne - Vallée de l'Arvan) is a railway station located in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, Savoie, France.	Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne	Saint-Jean de Maurienne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tychnowy (tɨxˈnɔvɨ) (German: Tiefenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tychnowy	Gmina Kwidzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelynack is a settlement in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Kelynack	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pawłowo Skockie (paˈvwɔvɔ ˈskɔt͡skʲɛ) (German: Fohlendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pawłowo Skockie	Gmina Skoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	State Gymnasium is an arena on the campus of Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa.	State Gymnasium	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woldingham is a village and civil parish high on the North Downs in Surrey within the M25, 17.5 miles (28.2 km) south-by-southeast of London; its buildings lie at 150--248m AOD.	Woldingham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nargandal (Persian: نارگندل‎, also Romanized as Nārgandal; also known as Na``l Kandal, Nālgand, Nālgandeh, and Nālkandar) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 23 families.	Nargandal	Afriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunb-e Bozorg (Persian: تنب بزرگ‎; also known as Greater Tumb, Jazīreh-ye Tonb-e Bozorg, Jezīrat Tunb, Tonb, Ţunb al Kubrá, and Tunb Buzurq) is a village in Tunb Rural District, Tunb District, Abumusa County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tunb-e Bozorg	Tunb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Mowla (Persian: تپه مولا‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Mowlā) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tappeh Mowla	Darreh Seydi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tegerbari (Persian: تگرباري‎, also Romanized as Tegerbārī and Tagarbārī) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tegerbari	Kani Shirin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siero is a municipality of the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Siero	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camelback Ranch-Glendale is a stadium in Phoenix, Arizona owned and operated by the city of Glendale, Arizona.	Camelback Ranch	Phoenix
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moss Park Armoury (MPA) is a Canadian Forces facility located at 130 Queen Street East, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Moss Park Armoury	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maklavan-e Bala (Persian: ماكلوان بالا‎, also Romanized as Māklavān-e Bālā) was a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Maklavan-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cascade Building, formerly known as the Bedell Building, is a building located in downtown Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Cascade Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lichtentaler Allee is a historic park and arboretum set out as an 2.3 kilometer strolling avenue along the west bank of the river Oos in Baden-Baden, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Lichtentaler Allee	Baden-Baden, Baden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Republic of China Armed Forces Museum (AFM; Chinese: 國軍歷史文物館; pinyin: Guójūn Lìshǐ Wénwùguǎn) is a museum located on Guiyang Street Zhongzheng District, Taipei in the Republic of China.	Republic of China Armed Forces Museum	Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flora School, at 82744 Church St. in Flora, Oregon, is a historic Bungalow/craftsman-style former school building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	Flora School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelvecchio Museum (Italian: Museo Civico di Castelvecchio) is a museum in Verona, northern Italy, located in the eponymous medieval castle.	Castelvecchio Museum	Verona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhamanagar is a town and a notified area committee in Bhadrak district in the state of Odisha, India.	Dhamanagar	Bhadrak district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller Municipal Airport (ICAO: KMKA, FAA LID: MKA) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) east of the central business district of Miller, a city in Hand County, South Dakota, United States.	Miller Municipal Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Naval Yard Fuel Depot Annex, was a United States Navy fuel depot annex located in East Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Naval Yard Fuel Depot Annex	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montville Township High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Montville Township, in suburban Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Montville Township High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westerwijzend is a hamlet in de municipality of Drechterland, in the Dutch province North-Holland.	Westerwijzend	Drechterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colin McCormick House is a historical house in Owosso, Michigan, designed by Edger Ingersoll, and is notable for its size.	Colin McCormick House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLDI, on-air known as Wild 95.5, is a radio station licensed to Juno Beach, Florida and broadcasting in the Treasure Coast and West Palm Beach, Florida markets.	WLDI	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rawson House is a historic building along Clifton Avenue in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Rawson House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłoziny (pɔdwɔˈʑinɨ) (German: Tiefland) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podłoziny	Gmina Dopiewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Wolbrom (German: Wolfram) is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gmina Wolbrom	Olkusz County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakota Plains First Nation is a First Nations entity located southwest of Portage la Prairie, Manitoba.	Dakota Plains First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flight Park State Recreation Area is a state park of Utah, USA, dedicated to hang gliding and paragliding.	Flight Park State Recreation Area	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malamówka (malaˈmufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Malamówka	Gmina Maciejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trent Wind Farm, also known as the Trent Mesa Wind Project, is a 150 megawatt wind power station located between Abilene and Sweetwater in West Texas.	Trent Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huguenot Memorial Chapel and Monument is a historic church located at Manakin, Powhatan County, Virginia.	Huguenot Memorial Chapel and Monument	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jalan Museum (Hindi: जलान संग्रहालय) is a private museum located in Patna, Bihar, India.	Jalan Museum	Patna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kizhuthani is a small village in the town of Irinjalakuda in Trichur District, Kerala, India.	Kizhuthani	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swinburne Senior Secondary College is a co-educational government secondary college located at 505 Burwood Road Hawthorn Victoria which caters for Years 11 and 12 students.	Swinburne Senior Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulkeh Rash-e Sofla (Persian: كولكه رش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūlkeh Rash-e Soflá) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kulkeh Rash-e Sofla	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopydłówek (kɔpɨˈdwuvɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kopydłówek	Gmina Wilczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wójty (ˈvui̯tɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wójty	Gmina Jadów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylan Cham (Persian: ليلان چم‎, also Romanized as Leylān Cham) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Leylan Cham	Malavi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołkówka (kɔu̯ˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepiennik Strzyżewski, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kołkówka	Gmina Rzepiennik Strzyżewski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jesse J. and Mary F. Allee House, also known as the Allee Mansion, is a historic house located at 2020 640th Street in Newell, Iowa.	Jesse J. and Mary F. Allee House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Morris University (RMU) is a private, coeducational university located in Moon, a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Robert Morris University	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shazhen (Chinese: 沙镇镇) is a town in Dongchangfu District, Liaocheng, in western Shandong province, China.	Shazhen	Dongchangfu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Rahim, Zahedan (Persian: چاه رحیم‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Rahim, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohyan (Persian: كهيان‎, also Romanized as Kohyān, Kahīān, Kahiyan, and Kahyān) is a village in Rig Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kohyan	Rig Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Chulak (Persian: حسين ابادچولك‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Chūlak; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Chulak	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker City is a city in and the county seat of Baker County, Oregon, United States.	Baker City	Baker County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEDO (810 AM) is a multicultural radio broadcasting outlet serving the area of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WEDO	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavodski District (Belarusian: Заводскі, Russian: Заводской, Zavodskoy Raion) is an adiministrative subdivision of the city of Minsk, Belarus.	Zavodski District	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longman Hill is a Bronze Age long barrow situated atop a prominent rounded landform in northern Aberdeenshire, Scotland near Banff Bay.	Longman Hill	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmoganny (officially Kilmaganny; Irish: Cill Mogeanna, meaning ``Church of Saint Mogeanna'') is a small village in the County Kilkenny in the south-east of Ireland.	Kilmoganny	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julia Morgan Hall (formerly Girton Hall) is a historic building in the University of California Botanical Garden in Berkeley, California.	Julia Morgan Hall	Berkeley, California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House of Perkūnas is one of the most original and Gothic secular buildings, located in the Old Town of Kaunas, Lithuania.	House of Perkūnas	Kaunas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chromakowo (xrɔmaˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chromakowo	Gmina Lutocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bash Mahalleh-ye Lavandevil (Persian: باش محله لوندويل‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Maḩalleh-ye Lavandevīl; also known as Bāsh Maḩalleh) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bash Mahalleh-ye Lavandevil	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank E. Bauer Bridge is a 0.19 mile (0.31 km) former toll bridge that traverses the Rock River in Machesney Park, Illinois.	Frank E. Bauer Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flagler Hospital, based in St. Augustine, Florida, is a not-for-profit facility established in 1889.	Flagler Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jennings County High School is a public learning institution located in North Vernon, Indiana.	Jennings County High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort of the Maré (Portuguese: Forte da Maré), ruins of a 16th-century fortification located in the civil parish São Mateus da Calheta, in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, along the southern coast of Terceira, Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fort of the Maré	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asheville-Weaverville Speedway near Weaverville, North Carolina, USA was considered to be site for the old-school NASCAR races in both the Grand National and the Winston Cup eras (which is now known as the Sprint Cup Series).	Asheville-Weaverville Speedway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarand-e Pain (Persian: طارندپائين‎, also Romanized as Ţārand-e Pā’īn; also known as Ţārand-e Soflá) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tarand-e Pain	Tarand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuyot Springs National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the mountain slopes of Barangay Santa Victoria in Ilagan, Isabela 405 kilometers northeast from Manila.	Fuyot Springs National Park	Ilagan	Isabela
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tariffville Historic District is a 93 acres (38 ha) historic district in the town of Simsbury, Connecticut.	Tariffville Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Petit Vignemale is located in the Hautes-Pyrénées department, near Cauterets and Gavarnie arrondissement of Argelès-Gazost in the Pyrenees National Park.	Petit Vignemale	Hautes-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baie-Mahault is a commune in France and is the second most populated commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe after Les Abymes The extensive industrial zone of Jarry in Baie-Mahault is by far the most industrialized commune in the islands and the largest industrial park in the Lesser Antilles.	Baie-Mahault	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyan Velayat District (Persian: بخش میان ولایت‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Miyan Velayat District	Taybad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marianów Rogowski (maˈrjanuf rɔˈɡɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Marianów Rogowski	Gmina Rogów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tampa Bay Automobile Museum, located in Pinellas Park, Florida in the Tampa Bay Area, displays historic automobiles from the 20th century.	Tampa Bay Automobile Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reed Gold Mine is located in Midland, Cabarrus County, North Carolina, and is the site of the first documented commercial gold find in the United States.	Reed Gold Mine	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kishwaukee College, located west of Malta, Illinois, is the community college for Illinois Community College district 523.	Kishwaukee College	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOXX (97.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Colebrook, New Hampshire, USA, serving the Northern New Hampshire area.	WOXX	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bezirk Frankfurt, also Bezirk Frankfurt (Oder), was a district (Bezirk) of East Germany.	Bezirk Frankfurt	East Germany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crœttwiller (German: Kröttweiler) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Crœttwiller	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Peak Regional Preserve is a public park east of Fremont, California, operated by the East Bay Regional Park District.	Mission Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Mile Village is an Indian settlement in southeast Yukon, Canada.	Two Mile Village	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Palace of Culture (Bulgarian: Национален дворец на културата, Natsionalen dvorets na kulturata; abbreviated as НДК, NDK), located in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, is the largest multifunctional conference and exhibition centre in south-eastern Europe.	National Palace of Culture	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moczarne (mɔˈt͡ʂarnɛ) (Ukrainian: Мочарне, Mocharne) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cisna, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Moczarne	Gmina Cisna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adventuredome, formerly known as the Grand Slam Canyon, is a 5-acre (2.0 ha) indoor amusement park located at Circus Circus in Las Vegas, Nevada on the Las Vegas Strip.	Adventuredome	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Onyx Cave is a cave located in Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky, United States.	Great Onyx Cave	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockhill Trolley Museum is located at 430 Meadow Street, Rockhill Furnace, Pennsylvania, 19 miles (31 km) north of the Pennsylvania Turnpike and 11 miles (18 km) south of US 22, the William Penn Highway.	Rockhill Trolley Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	École publique Gabrielle-Roy is an elementary, junior and senior high school in the Strathearn community of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	École publique Gabrielle-Roy	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Herricks Union Free School District is a school district located in western Nassau County on Long Island, in New York State.	Herricks Union Free School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quayside Tower is a modern commercial building in Birmingham, England.	Quayside Tower	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garros Galería or Garros Gallery is located in Colonia Roma in Mexico City.	Garros Galería	Colonia Roma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardinham Grange was a grange in Cardinham, Cornwall, UK.	Cardinham Grange	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cottage Farm Historic District encompasses a residential area in eastern Brookline, Massachusetts, known for its association with industrialist Amos Adams Lawrence (1814-1886).	Cottage Farm Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloboda-Komarivtsi (Ukrainian: Слобода-Комарівці; Romanian: Slobozia Comăreștilor) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Sloboda-Komarivtsi	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolf Mountain (formally titled Wolf Creek Utah Ski Resort) is a small local ski area in the Ogden Valley near Eden, Utah.	Wolf Mountain	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naguru is a village and panchayat in Garugubilli mandal in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Naguru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIOC is a mainstream rock formatted radio station in Beaumont, Texas.	KIOC	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huzhu Pagoda (simplified Chinese: 护珠塔; traditional Chinese: 護珠塔; pinyin: Hùzhūtǎ) is a Chinese Pagoda located on Tianmashan Hill in the Songjiang District of Shanghai.	Huzhu Pagoda	Songjiang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta Air Lines Flight 1288 was a regularly scheduled flight from Pensacola, Florida to Atlanta, Georgia on a McDonnell Douglas MD-88 equipped with Pratt & Whitney JT8D-219 turbofan engines.	Delta Air Lines Flight 1288	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Side of Stamford, Connecticut, also known as Richmond Hill, is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the state of Connecticut.	West Side of Stamford	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeżynów (jɛˈʐɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piekoszów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jeżynów	Gmina Piekoszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogony (pɔˈɡɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pogony	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobowo (sɔˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sobowo	Gmina Brudzeń Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enola Yard is a large rail yard located in East Pennsboro Township, Pennsylvania, along the western shore of the Susquehanna River at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Enola Yard	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Township Works II is a registered historic site near Pisgah, Ohio, listed in the National Register on October 7, 1971.	Union Township Works II	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lah Meleh-ye Sofla-ye Jowkar (Persian: له مله سفلي جوكار‎, also Romanized as Lah Meleh-ye Soflá-ye Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lah Meleh-ye Sofla-ye Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanchang County (simplified Chinese: 延长县; traditional Chinese: 延長縣; pinyin: Yáncháng Xiàn) is a county under charge of Yan'an City, Shaanxi Province of China.	Yanchang County	Yan'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinmuck, Aberdeenshire, is a small village just outside Inverurie in the north-east of Scotland.	Kinmuck	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art is an art museum at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.	Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Reza (Persian: چقارضا‎, also Romanized as Choqā Reẕā) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Reza	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The August Schell Brewing Company is a brewing company in New Ulm, Minnesota.	August Schell Brewing Company	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Rag (Persian: سررگ‎‎; also known as Seyyed Āḥmad Bag and Seyyed Aḩmad Beyg) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Rag	Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinderen is a village in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek in the Dutch province Gelderland.	Sinderen	Oude IJsselstreek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konopki-Kolonie (kɔˈnɔpki kɔˈlɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Konopki-Kolonie	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenbrier Mall is a nearly 900,000 sq. ft. regional mall in Chesapeake, Virginia, in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area.	Greenbrier Mall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Rangu (Persian: هفترنگو‎, also Romanized as Haft Rangū; also known as Haft Rang) is a village in Salakh Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Haft Rangu	Salakh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collège Champagneur is a private French-language Roman Catholic coeducational school in Rawdon, Quebec.	Collège Champagneur	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Gun Mill, also referred to as ``Colt Gun Mill'', is a notable historic mill in Paterson, New Jersey where the Colt revolver was first produced in the 1830s, and where John Ryle produced and manufactured silk for the first time in the United States.	Old Gun Mill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treborough is a small village and civil parish 7 miles (11 km) miles south of Dunster, lying amongst the Brendon Hills within the Exmoor National Park in the West Somerset district of Somerset, England.	Treborough	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tregonan Grange was a Cistercian grange of Beaulieu Abbey at Tregonan in the parish of St Keverne, Cornwall, England, UK.	Tregonan Grange	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beercrocombe (also known as Beer Crocombe) is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated on the Fivehead River, a tributary of the River Isle, 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Curry Mallet and 7 miles (11.3 km) south-east of Taunton in the South Somerset district.	Beercrocombe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changai (Persian: چنگايي‎, also Romanized as Changā’ī; also known as Changā’ī-ye Aşgharābād, Changā’ī-ye Vasaţ, and Changūi Wast) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Changai	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Khargushi (Persian: كل خرگوشي‎, also Romanized as Kal Khargūshī; also known as Golkhargūsh, Golkhargūshū, and Kal Khargūshū) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kal Khargushi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowell Ranger Station compound is in the Coronado National Forest of southern Arizona.	Lowell Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lati Dan (Persian: لاتيدان‎, also Romanized as Lātī Dān) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Lati Dan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ipswich Range Lights are a pair of range lights on Crane Beach in Ipswich, Massachusetts.	Ipswich Range Lights	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juanacatlán (Spanish pronunciation: (xwanakaˈtlan)) is a town and municipio (municipality) in the central region of the Mexican state of Jalisco.	Juanacatlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumsden (Colhoun) Airport, (TC LID: CKH8), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northeast of Lumsden, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Lumsden (Colhoun) Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyattsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1918 and located in Hyattsville, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States.	Hyattsville Armory	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasilikades (Greek: Βασιλικάδες, also Βασιλικιάδες - Vasilikiades) is a village in the Erisos region in north Kefalonia, a western Greek island.	Vasilikades	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartekamp, or Hartecamp, is the name of a villa in Heemstede, the Netherlands, on the Bennebroek border.	Hartekamp	Heemstede
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Pożóg (ˈstarɨ ˈpɔʐuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stary Pożóg	Gmina Końskowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tribulauns are three peaks of the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Tribulaun	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corfton is a small village in Shropshire, England, located 4.5 miles (7.2 km) east of Craven Arms and 7.5 miles (12.1 km) north of Ludlow, the two nearest towns.	Corfton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Cité-Limoilou is the central borough of Quebec City, the oldest (in terms of architecture), and the most populous, comprising 21.85% of the city's total population.	La Cité-Limoilou	Quebec City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahuravak (Persian: اهوروك‎, also Romanized as Āhūravak) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ahuravak	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svindersvik is a well-preserved 18th century country residence in Nacka Municipality, Sweden.	Svindersvik	Nacka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lgiń (lɡiɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Lgiń	Gmina Wschowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marjanlu (Persian: مرجانلو‎, also Romanized as Marjānlū; also known as Mīrjānlū) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marjanlu	Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podciernie (pɔtˈt͡ɕerɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podciernie	Gmina Cegłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Palais des Champs-Élysées, commonly known as the Grand Palais (English: Great Palace), is a large historic site, exhibition hall and museum complex located at the Champs-Élysées in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Grand Palais	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarjuiyeh (Persian: زارجوئيه‎, also Romanized as Zārjū’īyeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zarjuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanshou County (simplified Chinese: 汉寿县; traditional Chinese: 漢壽縣; pinyin: Hànshòu Xiàn) is under the administration of Changde, Hunan province, China.	Hanshou County	Changde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Hajj Zu ol Faqar (Persian: قلعه حاج ذوالفقار‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Ḩājj Z̄ū ol Faqār) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 64, in 12 families.	Qaleh-ye Hajj Zu ol Faqar	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korskirken (lit. The Cross Church) is a special parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Korskirken	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Discovery Ski Area is an alpine ski area near the old mining town of Philipsburg, Montana, off Montana Highway 1, and is situated along the Pintler Scenic Loop opposite of Georgetown Lake.	Discovery Ski Area	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	City View Junior/Senior High School is a 3A public secondary school in Wichita Falls, Texas (USA).	City View Junior/Senior High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarbiewo (skarˈbjɛvɔ) (German: Scharbendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Skarbiewo	Gmina Koronowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFMT is an FM radio station in Chicago, Illinois, featuring a format of fine arts, classical music programming, and shows exploring such genres as folk and jazz.	WFMT	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenwich Village townhouse explosion occurred on March 6, 1970, in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Greenwich Village townhouse explosion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVUU (99.9 FM) is a Hot AC radio station in the Colorado Springs, Colorado area that is known by its moniker My 99.9.	KVUU	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griante is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located on the western shore of Lake Como about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Como between Menaggio (to the north) and Tremezzo.	Griante	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfarian is a village and an electoral ward located in the district county of Ceredigion, Mid-Wales, south of the administrative centre Aberystwyth.	Llanfarian	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pima County Courthouse is the former main county courthouse building in downtown Tucson, Arizona.	Pima County Courthouse	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free Will Baptist Church and Cemetery is a historic church property on Church Turn Road in North Islesboro, Maine.	Free Will Baptist Church and Cemetery	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redondo Beach Unified School District is a school district with approximately 10,000 students headquartered in Redondo Beach, California.	Redondo Beach Unified School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	927 Fifth Avenue is an upscale residential apartment building in Manhattan, New York City.	927 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavernock (Welsh: Larnog) is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan in Wales, lying on the coast 7 miles (11 km) south of Cardiff between Penarth and Sully, and overlooking the Bristol Channel.	Lavernock	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bongajg (Persian: بن گجگ‎) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bongajg	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Shekar (Persian: چقاشكر‎, also Romanized as Choqā Shekar) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Shekar	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quinebaug River Prehistoric Archeological District encompasses a collection of prehistoric archaeological sites near the Quinebaug River in Canterbury, Connecticut.	Quinebaug River Prehistoric Archeological District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morab, India is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.This village is famous for the Muslim festival Moharam.	Morab, India	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Euphemia's School and Sisters' House is a historic school building and convent located at Emmitsburg, Frederick County, Maryland.	St. Euphemia's School and Sisters' House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostdorf is a Swabian village within the city limits of Balingen, Germany.	Ostdorf	Balingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borija (Serbian Cyrillic: Борија) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borija	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nostra Signora di Guadalupe e San Filippo Martire in Via Aurelia (Our Lady of Guadalupe and St Philip Martyr in Via Aurelia), national church of Mexico in Rome.	Nostra Signora di Guadalupe e San Filippo Martire	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapan Han (Macedonian: Капан ан) is a han (caravanserai) in the Old Bazaar of Skopje, Macedonia.	Kapan Han	Skopje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquaforte is a Canadian town on the south shore of Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Aquaforte	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belhurst Castle is a former private residence on the shores of Seneca Lake in Geneva, New York.	Belhurst Castle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Aluiyeh (Persian: درآلوئيه‎, also Romanized as Dar Ālū’īyeh; also known as Dar Ālū) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Aluiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilmanstone is a small village in Kent, in the South East of England, near Eastry, a much bigger and more developed area.	Tilmanstone	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Michele in Isola is a Roman Catholic church in Venice, northern Italy, located on the Isola di San Michele which houses the cemetery of the city.	San Michele in Isola	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bouchot is a river in the French region of Lorraine which flows in the Vosges department.	Bouchot	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Domenica Vittoria (Sicilian: Santa Dumìnica) is a town and comune in the Province of Messina, Sicily, southern Italy.	Santa Domenica Vittoria	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tenney House and Groveland Hotel is a historic site in Federal Point, Florida.	Tenney House and Groveland Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Regional Research Center (ERRC) is an United States Department of Agriculture laboratory center in Wyndmoor, Pennsylvania.	Eastern Regional Research Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biar-e Kord (Persian: بياركرد‎, also Romanized as Bīār-e Kord; also known as Bīār-e Barbar and Beyār-e Barbar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Biar-e Kord	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Bilt (Dutch pronunciation: (də ˈbɪlt)) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.	De Bilt	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wildwood Correctional Complex, located three miles north of Kenai, Alaska, is a complex of correctional facilities housing a total of about 360 prisoners and under the jurisdiction of the Alaska Department of Corrections.	Wildwood Correctional Complex	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziuchów (ˈd͡ʑuxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dziuchów	Gmina Niemce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyarakoppa is small village in newly created taluk Kittur (before it was part of Bailhongal) of Belgaum district in North Karnataka, India.	Kyarakoppa	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quai Voltaire is a street located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris.	Quai Voltaire	7th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbast-e Yek (Persian: داربست 1‎, also Romanized as Dārbast-e Yek; also known as Dār Bast and Dārbast-e Bālā) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darbast-e Yek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tote Hotel (1980) is a hotel, pub, bar and music venue on 71 Johnston Street, the corner of Johnston and Wellington Streets, in Collingwood, an inner city suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	The Tote Hotel	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strother Field (IATA: WLD, ICAO: KWLD, FAA LID: WLD) is a public airport located in Cowley County, Kansas, United States.	Strother Field	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niezabyszewo (ɲɛzabɨˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Damsdorf; Kashubian: Niezabëszewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niezabyszewo	Gmina Bytów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allah Vajeh Sar (Persian: لله وجه سر‎, also Romanized as Laleh Vajeh Sar and Laleh Vajh Sar; also known as Lāleh Bacheh Sar) is a village in Dehgah Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Allah Vajeh Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The commune of Tumaraa is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands.	Tumaraa	Leeward Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cattus Island Park, also known as Cattus Island is a 530 acres (2 km2) passive recreational park located in Toms River, New Jersey.	Cattus Island Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naomi Mine explosion occurred on December 1, 1907, in the Naomi Mine, approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) from Fayette City, Pennsylvania.	Naomi Mine explosion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museum of Eroticism (French: Musée de l'érotisme) is a sex museum in Paris devoted to the erotic art collections of antique dealer Alain Plumey and French teacher Jo Khalifa.	Museum of Eroticism	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altinum (modern Altino, a frazione of Quarto d'Altino) is the name of an ancient coastal town of the Veneti 15 km SE of the modern Treviso, northern Italy, on the edge of the lagoons.	Altinum	Quarto d'Altino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanak-e Sofla (Persian: طناك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţanāk-e Soflá; also known as Tanāk-e Pā’īn and Ţanāk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tanak-e Sofla	Mud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Gordon Airport (IATA: GPD, ICAO: YGON) is serving the Mount Gordon Mine, Queensland, Australia.	Mount Gordon Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrett State Forest is a located in the state of Maryland northwest of Oakland.	Garrett State Forest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merrill College is a residential college at the University of California, Santa Cruz.	Merrill College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasbasheh (Persian: حسبشه‎) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasbasheh	Chahriq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zuoying District (Chinese: 左營區; pinyin: Zuǒyíng Qū; Wade--Giles: Tso3-ying2 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chó-iâⁿ-khu) is a district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan.	Zuoying District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Scarsdale is a very small village in Derbyshire, England.	Sutton Scarsdale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centrepointe Theatre is a 966-seat publicly owned performance hall located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Centrepointe Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David and Alfred Smart Museum of Art is an art museum located on the campus of the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois.	Smart Museum of Art	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rock Fort Campsite is a natural fortification on the south shore of the Columbia River in The Dalles, Oregon, United States.	Rock Fort Campsite	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waalre ( pronunciation ) is an affluent municipality and town in the province of North Brabant in the southern Netherlands, immediately south of the city of Eindhoven.	Waalre	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinchera Cave Archeological District (5LA9555) is an archaeological site in Las Animas County, Colorado with artifacts primarily dating from 1000 BC to AD 1749, although there were some Archaic period artifacts found.	Trinchera Cave Archeological District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hummel Field (FAA LID: W75) is a public use airport located six nautical miles (11 km) east of the central business district of Saluda, in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States.	Hummel Field	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingjiang District (simplified Chinese: 平江区; traditional Chinese: 平江區; pinyin: Píngjiāng Qū) is a former district of Suzhou in Jiangsu Province.	Pingjiang District	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Kwai Highway (Chinese: 青葵公路; pinyin: Qīngkuí Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: ching1 kwai4 gung1 lou6) is a section of Route 3 in Hong Kong, previously known as Route 3 - Kwai Chung Section.	Tsing Kwai Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Power Memorial Academy (PMA) was an all-boys Catholic high school in New York City that operated from 1931 through 1984.	Power Memorial Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massa Fiscaglia is a former comune (municipality), now in the municipality of Fiscaglia in the Province of Ferrara in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Bologna and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Ferrara.	Massa Fiscaglia	Province of Ferrara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore City Public Schools, also referred to as Baltimore City Public School System, BCPSS, BCPS and City Schools, is a public school district in the state of Maryland, United States.	Baltimore City Public Schools	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornerstone Church of San Diego is a non-denominational, charismatic megachurch located in National City, California.	Cornerstone Church of San Diego	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uintah Basin Medical Center is a non-profit community hospital located in Roosevelt, Utah, United States.	Uintah Basin Medical Center	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khahki-ye Chitab (Persian: خهكي چيتاب‎, also Romanized as khahkī-ye Chītāb) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khahki-ye Chitab	Kabgian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhai Pokhar or Chah Pokhar/ Chhah Pokhar (छः पोखर) is a village in the district of Agra in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Chhai Pokhar	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	TD Arena is a 5,100 seat multi-purpose arena in Charleston, South Carolina, United States that opened in 2008 and replaced John Kresse Arena as the home of the College of Charleston Cougars basketball and volleyball teams.	TD Arena	Charleston
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKBF-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 104.1 FM and online at CFB Suffield in the province of Alberta.	CKBF-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radolfzell am Bodensee is a town in Germany at the western end of Lake Constance approximately 18 km northwest of Konstanz.	Radolfzell	Konstanz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolna Grupa (ˈdɔlna ˈɡrupa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dolna Grupa	Gmina Dragacz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Trail School is an independent college-preparatory coeducational day school serving students 6-12 located in Dorset, Vermont, United States.	Long Trail School	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahmatabad-e Do (Persian: رحمت اباد2‎, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād-e Do; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rahmatabad-e Do	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chimboy District (Uzbek: Chimboy tumani, Karakalpak: Shımbay rayonı) is a district of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan.	Chimboy District	Karakalpakstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timoleague (Irish: Tigh Molaige, meaning ``house of Molaga'') is a village in the eastern division of Carbery East in County Cork, Ireland, located along Ireland's southern coast near Courtmacsherry.	Timoleague	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontnewynydd is a predominantly working class suburb of Pontypool, Torfaen, in Wales.	Pontnewynydd	Torfaen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeville State Hospital is a historic tuberculosis sanitarium hospital located in Lakeville, Massachusetts.	Lakeville State Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeovil Without is a civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England.	Yeovil Without	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uchtepa (also spelled Uch Tepa) is one of 11 districts (tuman) of Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.	Uchtepa	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mingaladon Township (Burmese: မင်္ဂလာဒုံ မြို့နယ် (mɪ̀ɴɡəlàdóʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the northernmost part of Yangon, Myanmar.	Mingaladon Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kazimierz Palace (Polish: Pałac Kazimierzowski) is a building in Warsaw, Poland, adjacent to the Royal Route, at Krakowskie Przedmieście 26/28.	Kazimierz Palace	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochester College is a four-year, liberal arts college located in Rochester Hills, Michigan; a northern suburb of Detroit.	Rochester College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) is an Ulster loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland.	Ulster Volunteer Force	Northern Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaubeuren is a town in the district of Alb-Donau near Ulm in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Blaubeuren	Alb-Donau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koyalagudem is a village of Choutuppal mandal in the Nalgonda district in Telangana.	Koyalagudem	Nalgonda district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Oryszew (ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈrɨʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Oryszew	Gmina Wiskitki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaluj Gavabar (Persian: كلوج گوابر‎, also Romanized as Kalūj Gavābar) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kaluj Gavabar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheung Pei Shan Road (Chinese: 象鼻山路) is a road near Cheung Pei Shan in Tsuen Wan and Sheung Kwai Chung of Hong Kong.	Cheung Pei Shan Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quendon and Rickling is a civil parish in the Uttlesford district of Essex, England with an area of 2,048 acres.	Quendon and Rickling	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bissom is a hamlet in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom situated half-a-mile east of Penryn.	Bissom	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre de Collserola (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈtorə ðə kuʎsəˈɾɔɫə)) is a uniquely designed tower located on the Tibidabo hill in the Serra de Collserola, in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Torre de Collserola	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluff Lake Nature Center is a 123-acre (50 ha) wildlife refuge and environmental education center in Denver, Colorado, located along Sand Creek on the eastern edge of the former Stapleton International Airport.	Bluff Lake Nature Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Gil (Persian: باغ گيل‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Gīl) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Gil	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trębki (ˈtrɛmpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trębki	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Pahn (Persian: تل پهن‎) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tall-e Pahn	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tawes Fine Arts Building, also known as Tawes Theatre and Tawes Hall, is the home of the University of Maryland's Department of English and is the former home of the Department of Theatre and the School of Music.	Tawes Theatre	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajanak-e Sofla (Persian: تجنك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tajanak-e Soflá) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tajanak-e Sofla	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligny (in wallon Ligné) is a village in the municipality of Sombreffe (in the province of Namur), France.	Ligny	Sombreffe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Harbor School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Stone Harbor, in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Stone Harbor School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. B. Brown Generating Station is a four-unit, 700-MW power generating facility, located on the northern bank of Ohio river, 8 miles east of Mount Vernon, Indiana and 5 miles southwest of Evansville, Indiana just west of the Posey-Vanderburgh County Line.	A. B. Brown Generating Station	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Jahr (Persian: علي ابادجهر‎, also Romanized as ''Alīābād-e Jahr; also known as ``Alīābād-e Jar) is a village in Zangiabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Aliabad-e Jahr	Zangiabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Merced is a freshwater lake in the southwest corner of San Francisco, in the U.S. state of California.	Lake Merced	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Triangle Mall is an enclosed, single-level, shopping mall located at the intersection of Loop 288 and I-35E in Denton, Texas.	Golden Triangle Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic Dam is an earthen embankment dam across the Big Wood River in southwestern Blaine County, Idaho, in the United States, about 40 miles (64 km) north of Twin Falls.	Magic Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menterwolde (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌmɛntərˈʋɔldə)) is a municipality in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Menterwolde	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sufiyah (Persian: صوفيه‎, also Romanized as Şūfīyah; also known as Al Başūf and Boşūf) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sufiyah	Hoseyni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plainfield Armory is an armory in located at 7th and Leland Avenues in Plainfield, New Jersey.	Plainfield Armory	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Abdelghani is a town and commune in Tiaret Province in north-western Algeria.	Si Abdelghani	Tiaret Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cahaba Basin is a geologic area of central Alabama developed for coal and coalbed methane (CBM) production.	Cahaba Basin	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mile Elm is a hamlet in central Wiltshire, England, with a population of around 40 residents.	Mile Elm	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHPL-FM is a new french-language community radio station which will operate at 92.1 MHz (FM) in Plamondon-Lac La Biche, Alberta, Canada.	CHPL-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wimpole is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire, England, about 8 1⁄2 miles (13.7 km) southwest of Cambridge.	Wimpole	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pattihan Bazar (Persian: پتي هان بازار‎, also Romanized as Pattīhān Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pattihan Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juszczyna (juʂˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziechowy-Wieprz, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Juszczyna	Gmina Radziechowy-Wieprz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpavat (Persian: الپاوت‎, also Romanized as Alpāvat and Ālpāvot) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alpavat	Mavazekhan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warszyce (varˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Warszyce	Gmina Zgierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks derailment was a rail accident that occurred in Brooks, Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States, about 10 miles south of Louisville.	Brooks derailment	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svojšín (German Schweißing) is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Svojšín	Tachov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tims Ford Lake is a reservoir run by the Tennessee Valley Authority in southern middle Tennessee.	Tims Ford Lake	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schwarzwald-Querweg Freiburg-Bodensee (``Trans-Black Forest trail from Freiburg to Lake Constance'') is a long-distance footpath that runs in an east--west direction in the Black Forest region of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Schwarzwald-Querweg Freiburg-Bodensee	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rimaleh (Persian: ريمله‎‎, also Romanized as Rīmaleh and Rīmleh; also known as Rapamleh) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rimaleh	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timberland Shop Heliport (FAA LID: 65OR) is a private heliport located 2 miles northwest of Ashland in Jackson County, Oregon, USA.	Timberland Shop Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum für Luftfahrt und Technik Wernigerode is an aviation museum located in the German town of Wernigerode near Halberstadt.	Museum für Luftfahrt und Technik	Wernigerode
located in the administrative territorial entity	A.C. Guards is the name of the locality in the city of Hyderabad, capital city of Telangana.	A.C. Guards	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Cross of San Antonio, is a Catholic, Coeducational, college preparatory middle and high school located on the west side of San Antonio, Texas, in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio.	Holy Cross of San Antonio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayaviyeh (Persian: حياويه‎, also Romanized as Ḩayāvīyeh and Ḩayāvīyyeh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hayaviyeh	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brest Region or Brest Oblast or Brest Voblast (Belarusian: Брэ́сцкая во́бласць; Bresckaja vobłasć; Russian: Бре́стская о́бласть) is one of the regions of Belarus.	Brest Region	Belarus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scheveningse Voetbal Vereniging Scheveningen, known as SVV Scheveningen is a football club from Scheveningen (The Hague), the Netherlands.	SVV Scheveningen	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kullihoma Grounds consists of 1500-acres owned by the Chickasaw Nation, located 10 miles from Ada, Oklahoma (34°42′32.983``N 96°24′21.461''W).	Kullihoma Grounds	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuyeh-ye Olya (Persian: كويه عليا‎, also Romanized as Kūyeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 295, in 104 families.	Kuyeh-ye Olya	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelangerd (Persian: شلنگرد‎) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shelangerd	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Interurban Bridge, also known as the Ohio Electric Railroad Bridge.	Interurban Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owzadar (Persian: اوزدر‎) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Owzadar	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	A. W. Gribble Farm, also known as Deerwood Farm, is a historic house and farm located near Pisgah, Preston County, West Virginia.	A. W. Gribble Farm	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asemanabad (Persian: آسمان آباد‎, also Romanized as Āsemānābād) is a city in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Asemanabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northpoint Bible College (NPBC), formerly known as Zion Bible College, is a Bible college in Haverhill, Massachusetts.	Northpoint Bible College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gariv Deh (Persian: گريوده‎, also Romanized as Garīv Deh; also known as Garīv and Geryeh Deh) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gariv Deh	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldiers Chapel is a non-denominational Christian memorial chapel in Big Sky, Gallatin County, Montana, USA, dedicated in 1955 by the Nelson Story family in tribute to a fallen family member of the 163rd Infantry Regiment.	Soldiers Chapel	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Südende station is on the Anhalt Suburban Line in the former villa estate (Villenkolonien) of Südende in the suburb of Steglitz in the Berlin borough of Steglitz-Zehlendorf.	Südende station	Steglitz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naluvedapathy is a coastal village in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Naluvedapathy	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverhead Raceway is a quarter-mile oval race track with a Figure 8 course, located in Riverhead, New York.	Riverhead Raceway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałopol (mixaˈwɔpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gidle, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Michałopol	Gmina Gidle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maclure Glacier (also McClure Glacier) is on Mount Maclure in the Sierra Nevada crest of Yosemite National Park in Tuolumne County, California, United States.	Maclure Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WACK (1420 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news talk information format and licensed to Newark, New York, USA.	WACK	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Flinders is a headland in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Cape Flinders	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Intermediate High School was a public high school that served students in grades nine to ten from three communities in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Eastern Camden County Regional High School District.	Eastern Intermediate High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farleigh Wallop is a small village and civil parish in Hampshire, England, approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Basingstoke on the slopes of Farleigh Hill (208 m).	Farleigh Wallop	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Xinguang Bridge is an arch bridge located in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.	Xinguang Bridge	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Z Rink was an indoor roller hockey facility located in Glastonbury, Connecticut (a suburb of Hartford), in the United States.	Z Rink	Glastonbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVVS-FM (90.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a college radio format, and licensed to serve Valdosta, Georgia, USA.	WVVS-FM	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 909 is a California telephone area code that covers far eastern Los Angeles County and southwestern San Bernardino County.	Area code 909	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ripley Wind Power Project is a 76 megawatt (MW) wind power project near Ripley, Ontario.	Ripley Wind Power Project	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadeleigh is a small village in the county of Devon in England.	Cadeleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiasi (Persian: چياسي‎, also Romanized as Chīāsī; also known as Gāvdārī Āmarāyī and Choqā Sīāh) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chiasi	Gol Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanchuliabad (Persian: سنچولي اباد‎, also Romanized as Sanchūlīābād; also known as Sanchūlīābād-e Qalamī) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sanchuliabad	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stebonheath Park (Welsh: Parc Stebonheath) is a multi-use stadium in Llanelli, West Wales with a capacity of 3,700.	Stebonheath Park	Llanelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorysze (ɡɔˈrɨʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gorysze	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyramid Creek Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of the North Thompson River between the towns of Blue River (S) and Valemount (N).	Pyramid Creek Falls Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsefly Lake is a lake in the eastern Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Horsefly Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ida County Courthouse, located in Ida Grove, Iowa, United States, was built in 1883.	Ida County Courthouse	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firuz Kandeh-ye Sofla (Persian: فيروزكنده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Fīrūz Kandeh-ye Soflá; also known as Fīrūz Kandeh-ye Pā’īn and Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Fīrūz Kandeh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Firuz Kandeh-ye Sofla	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyrszeliny (tɨrʂɛˈlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Tyrszeliny	Gmina Kolsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	It constitutes about half of the territory of the Arrondissement of Bandafassi of the Kédougou Department, eastern Senegal, The area constitutes the Bandafassi DSS (demographics surveillance site) of the INDEPTH Network.	Bandafassi	Kédougou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mvog-Betsi Zoo is located in Yaoundé, Cameroon and is administered by the Ministry of Forestry and Fauna (MINFOF) (formerly the Ministry of Environments and Forests (MINEF)) in Cameroon.	Mvog-Betsi Zoo	Yaoundé
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOKK (1210 AM, ``Dakota Country'') is a radio station licensed to serve Huron, South Dakota.	KOKK	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryd Abbey or Rüde Abbey (Danish: Ryd Kloster; German: Rüdekloster; Latin: Rus regis) was a Cistercian monastery in Munkbrarup that formerly occupied the present site of Glücksburg Castle in Glücksburg on the Flensburg Fjord in the Schleswig-Flensburg district of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ryd Abbey	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Löwenstedt (Danish: Lyngsted or Lyngsæd) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Löwenstedt	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Letterston (Welsh: Treletert) is a rapidly growing village and local government community in the north of the county of Pembrokeshire, southwest Wales between Haverfordwest 10 miles (16 km) south and Fishguard 6 1⁄2 miles (10 km) north on the A40 road.	Letterston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabur-e Bozorg (Persian: صبوربزرگ‎, also Romanized as Şabūr-e Bozorg) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sabur-e Bozorg	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadbrzeże (nadˈbʐɛʐɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tolkmicko, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nadbrzeże	Gmina Tolkmicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malqarani (Persian: ملقرني‎, also Romanized as Malqaranī and Malqarānī) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Malqarani	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spurstow is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England, which is located 6½ miles to the north west of Nantwich.	Spurstow	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portage Lake Observatory (PLO) was an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of Michigan (UM).	Portage Lake Observatory	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	'Hognaston is a small village and civil parish in Derbyshire, East Midlands, England.	Hognaston	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dacun Township (Chinese: 大村鄉; pinyin: Dàcūn Xiāng) is a rural township in Changhua County, Taiwan.	Dacun	Changhua County
located in the administrative territorial entity	W243CE FM 96.5 (``Vida 96.5''), is a Spanish-language music radio station having Winder, Georgia as its city of license, and previously transmitting from west-northwest of Winder, about halfway to Auburn, Georgia.	W243CE	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andersen Air Force Base (AFB) (IATA: UAM, ICAO: PGUA, FAA LID: UAM) is a United States Air Force (USAF) base located approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Yigo near Agafo Gumas in the United States territory of Guam.	Andersen Air Force Base	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paskudy (pasˈkudɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Paskudy	Gmina Ulan-Majorat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skogn Station (Norwegian: Skogn stasjon) is a railway station located in the village of Skogn in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Skogn Station	Levanger
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bineh Gerd (Persian: بينه گرد‎, also Romanized as Bīneh Gerd; also known as Bīn-e Gerd and Bīnegerd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bineh Gerd	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 32 km (20 mi) northwest of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) west of Victoria Peak.	Sutton Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Dalwallinu is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 250 kilometres (155 mi) NNE of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Dalwallinu	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oosterenkstadion was the stadium of Dutch football club FC Zwolle.	Oosterenkstadion	Zwolle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Polnische Schul (Pronunciation: (ˈpɔlnɪʃə) ('ʃuːl), Polish: Synagoga Polska w Wiedniu, English: ``Polish synagogue'') was a synagogue in Leopoldsgasse, Vienna.	Polnische Schul	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the principal town of Kyunsu Township in Myeik District which since 1990 has covered much of the archipelago.	Kyunsu	Myeik District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marksewo (markˈsɛvɔ) (German: Markshöfen; until 1938: Alt Marxöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marksewo	Gmina Szczytno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newmill-on-Teviot, commonly called Newmill, is a hamlet in the Scottish Borders, 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of Hawick on the River Teviot.	Newmill-on-Teviot	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercer Lake, also known as Lake Mercer, is a man-made lake within Mercer County Park in West Windsor, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Mercer Lake	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sago Mine disaster was a coal mine explosion on January 2, 2006, in the Sago Mine in Sago, in Upshur County, West Virginia, USA, near the county seat of Buckhannon.	Sago Mine disaster	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalgan Rural District (Persian: دهستان دلگان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dalgan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikaszówka (mikaˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Mikaszówka	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Didsbury (Vertical Extreme Skydiving) Aerodrome (TC LID: CDV4) was located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south southeast of Didsbury, Alberta, Canada.	Didsbury (Vertical Extreme Skydiving) Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Thom (Thai: แม่ทอม) is a subdistrict (Tambon) in Bang Klam District, Songkhla, Thailand.	Mae Thom	Bang Klam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Septimania covered the Aude but also the whole region of Languedoc-Roussillon.	Aude	Languedoc-Roussillon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiermusy (kʲɛrˈmusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kiermusy	Gmina Tykocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Lyon County USD 252 is a Unified School District serving south Lyon County, Kansas, United States, and the Emporia, Kansas micropolitan area.	Southern Lyon County USD 252	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kauchuk Factory Club (Russian: Клуб завода ``Каучук'') is a 1927-1929 constructivist public building designed by Konstantin Melnikov, located in Khamovniki District of Moscow, Russia on the edge of Devichye Pole park and medical campus at 64, Plyshikha Street.	Kauchuk Factory Club	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Smith First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government whose reserve is in Melfort, Saskatchewan, Canada.	James Smith First Nation	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Najaf (Persian: قشلاق نجف‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Najaf and Qeshlaq Najaf; also known as Qeshlāq-e Najafbeh) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Najaf	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slochteren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈslɔxtərən)) is a village and municipality with a population of 15,546 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Slochteren	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midale, Saskatchewan is located on Highway 39, midway between the cities of Weyburn and Estevan.	Midale	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaboillez Square (French: Square Chaboillez) is a town square located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Chaboillez Square	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgway Reservoir is a lake impounded by Ridgway Dam on the Uncompahgre River north of the town of Ridgway in Ouray County, Colorado in the western United States.	Ridgway Reservoir	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warchały (varˈxawɨ) (German: Warchallen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warchały	Gmina Jedwabno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gitsegukla (also Kitsegeucla or Skeena Crossing) is a Gitxsan community of about 500 at the confluence of the Kitseguecla and Skeena Rivers, approximately 40 km southwest of Hazelton, British Columbia.	Gitsegukla	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuek Chhou District (Khmer: ស្រុកទឹកឈូ ) is a district located in Kampot Province, in southern Cambodia.	Tuek Chhou District	Kampot Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leliu Subdistrict (Chinese: 勒流街道; pinyin: Lèliú Jiēdào; Jyutping: lak6lau4 gaai1dou6) is a subdistrict of Shunde District, Foshan, Guangdong, China.	Leliu Subdistrict	Shunde District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerritos College is a public comprehensive community college located in Norwalk, California.	Cerritos College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meetinghouse is a historic house on Monument Square in Hollis, New Hampshire.	The Meetinghouse	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumand (Persian: رومند‎, also Romanized as Rūmand) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rumand	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	525 Market Street, also known as First Market Tower, is an office skyscraper at the southwest corner of First- and Market Streets in the financial district of San Francisco, California.	First Market Tower	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Søhøjlandet lies within Central Denmark Region in eastern Jutland and comprise Silkeborg Municipality, Aarhus Municipality, Samsø Municipality, Odder Municipality, Skanderborg Municipality, the northern part of Horsens Municipality and smaller parts of Hedensted Municipality and Favrskov Municipality.	Søhøjlandet	Central Denmark Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gholdigrui is a village under Pursurah legislative assembly, District- Hooghly, West Bengal, India.	Gholdigrui	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	North West Cape is a peninsula in the north-west of Western Australia.	North West Cape	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeals is a village and civil parish in southwest Wiltshire, England.	Zeals	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marin Catholic High School (familiarly known as MC) is a Roman Catholic college preparatory school located in unincorporated Kentfield in Marin County, California.	Marin Catholic High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westford Academy is the public high school (grades 9-12) for the town of Westford, Massachusetts.	Westford Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiesta Mall is a regional shopping center in the U.S. city of Mesa, Arizona (part of the Phoenix metropolitan area).	Fiesta Mall	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antoniki (antɔˈɲikʲi) (Ukrainian: Антоники, Antonyky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Antoniki	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wawasee, formerly Turkey Lake, is a natural lake southeast of Syracuse in Kosciusko County, Indiana, United States.	Lake Wawasee	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazimierza County (Polish: powiat kazimierski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.	Kazimierza County	Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenega Island is an island of Aleuts in Prince William Sound in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Chenega Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małe Raczki (ˈmawɛ ˈrat͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Małe Raczki	Gmina Raczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soko Islands (Chinese: 索罟群島) are a group of islands in Hong Kong.	Soko Islands	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreństwo (ˈdrɛɲstvɔ) (also: Dręstwo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dreństwo	Gmina Bargłów Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Worcester Historical Museum, located in downtown Worcester, Massachusetts, was founded in 1875 as the Worcester Society of Antiquity.	Worcester Historical Museum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MIT Endicott House is a conference center located in Dedham, Massachusetts, about 10 miles (16 km) south-west from downtown Boston.	Endicott House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilstone is the name of an English village and a reservoir approximately two miles north-west of Tring, Hertfordshire.	Wilstone	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gare du Sud is a former French railway station located in the Libération quarter of the city of Nice in south-east France.	Gare du Sud	Nice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lords Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in Bottineau and Rolette counties, North Dakota.	Lords Lake National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Van Arsdale, also known as Van Arsdale Reservoir, is a reservoir on the Eel River in California, part of the Potter Valley Project.	Lake Van Arsdale	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Institute of Tampa is a Tampa, Florida branch of The Art Institutes, a system of more than 40 educational institutions located throughout North America, providing education in design, media arts, fashion and culinary arts.	The Art Institute of Tampa	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLIT-FM 93.9 FM, (``93.9 My FM'') is a radio station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, featuring a format of Mainstream AC music.	WLIT-FM	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cliveden (Chinese: 寶雲匯) is a private housing estate in mid-level of Route Twisk, Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, next to The Cairnhill.	The Cliveden	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latvian National Opera (LNO, Latvijas Nacionālā opera), Riga, is the national opera of Latvia.	Latvian National Opera	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonquière (/ʒɒŋˈkjɛər/; French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔ̃kjɛʁ); 2011 population: 54,072) is a borough (arrondissement) of the city of Saguenay in the Saguenay--	Jonquière	Saguenay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skidompha Public Library is the public library serving Damariscotta, Maine, Newcastle, Maine, and Nobleboro, Maine.	Skidompha Public Library	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charbhuja is a famous temple of the lord Vishnu in the Garhbor village in the Kumbhalgarh tehsil of Rajsamand district in the state of Rajasthan, India.	Charbhuja	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The French Island Marine National Park is a protected marine national park in Western Port, Victoria, Australia.	French Island Marine National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khak-e Sefid-e Bala (Persian: خاك سفيدبالا‎, also Romanized as Khāk-e Sefīd-e Bālā; also known as Khāk-e Sefīd and Khāk Sefīd) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khak-e Sefid-e Bala	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Jafar (Persian: كلاته جعفر‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jaʿfar) is a village in Radkan Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Jafar	Radkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khushpur is a village located in Samundri Tehsil of Faisalabad District in the province of Punjab in Pakistan.	Khushpur	Faisalabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria dello Spasimo, or Lo Spasimo, is an unfinished Catholic church in the Kalsa neighborhood in Palermo, Sicily, on Via dello Spasimo.	Santa Maria dello Spasimo	Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grid Nie Mountain is located in Litang County, Sichuan province in China, and rises 6,224 metres (20,420 ft) above sea level.	Grid Nie Mountain	Sichuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Eshgaft-e Baba Bahram (Persian: دراشگفت بابابهرام‎, also Romanized as Dar Eshgaft-e Bābā Bahrām) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dar Eshgaft-e Baba Bahram	Malavi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Choctaw Capitol Building is a historic site in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma two miles north of Tuskahoma, Oklahoma.	Choctaw Capitol Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ularice (Cyrillic: Уларице) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ularice	Doboj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daly Waters Airfield was an airfield located at Daly Waters, Northern Territory, Australia.	Daly Waters Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lookout Place or Fort Hill (also known as Fort Izard) was an American Revolutionary War British garrison, or earthen mound-fortress roughly 44 feet square at the top of La Tourette Hill in Historic Richmondtown, Staten Island, New York.	Lookout Place	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siennica-Święchy (ɕenˈnit͡sa ˈɕfjɛ̃xɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Siennica-Święchy	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincluden Collegiate Church, known earlier as Lincluden Priory or Lincluden Abbey, is a ruined religious house, situated to the north of the Royal Burgh of Dumfries, Scotland.	Lincluden Collegiate Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lago Retico is a lake in the canton Ticino, Switzerland.	Lago Retico	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monson High School is a school of about 400 students located in Monson, Massachusetts.	Monson High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj Hajji Mohammad Taqi (Persian: برج حاجي محمدتقي‎, also Romanized as Borj Ḩājjī Moḩammad Taqī; also known as Borj Ḩājj-e Moḩammad Taqī) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Borj Hajji Mohammad Taqi	Bahadoran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leros (Greek: Λέρος) is a Greek island and municipality in the Dodecanese in the southern Aegean Sea.	Leros	Dodecanese
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort White Public School Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated on December 1, 1989) located in Fort White, Florida.	Fort White Public School Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage Christian University is an undergraduate and graduate university in Florence, Alabama.	Heritage Christian University	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puchowa Góra (puˈxɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłoń, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Puchowa Góra	Gmina Jabłoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brdarići (Serbian: Брдарићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brdarići	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lövånger is a locality situated in Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 761 inhabitants in 2010.	Lövånger	Skellefteå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Kei River or Wit-Kei River (Afrikaans: Wit-Keirivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Wit-Kei River	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavar-e Gol (Persian: لاورگل‎, also Romanized as Lāvar-e Gol and Lāvar Gol) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Lavar-e Gol	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odalmelech is a striking prehistoric large carved stone face of a god-king, and surrounding garden with additional carved stones, in Melekeok, on Babelthuap island of the nation of Palau.	Odalmelech	Melekeok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zuma Beach is a county beach located at 30000 Pacific Coast Highway (PCH) in Malibu, California.	Zuma Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murialdo (Ligurian: Moriaodo) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Genoa and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of Savona.	Murialdo	Province of Savona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beckley Courthouse Square Historic District is a 70-acre (28 ha) historic district in Beckley, West Virginia that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.	Beckley Courthouse Square Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Farnam neighborhood or the Blackstone neighborhood in Omaha, Nebraska is located from Dodge Street on the north to Leavenworth Street on the south, Highway 75/Interstate 480 on the east to South 52nd Street on the west.	West Farnam neighborhood	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aaron A. Sargent House was built prior to 1856, and is located in Nevada City, California at 449 Broad Street.	Aaron A. Sargent House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnt Oak Brook is a one-mile-long stream between Mill Hill and Burnt Oak in the London Borough of Barnet.	Burnt Oak Brook	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Mirzai (Persian: محمدميرزايي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Mīrzā’ī) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Mirzai	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broward Health, formerly the North Broward Hospital District, is one of the 10 largest health systems in the U.S. Located in Broward County, Florida, Broward Health has the county's first certified stroke center and only liver transplant program.	Broward Health	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ujezna (uˈjɛzna) (Ukrainian: Уєзна, Uyezna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ujezna	Gmina Przeworsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehdishahr County (Persian: )شهرستان مهدی‌شهر‎) is a county in Semnan Province in Iran.	Mehdishahr County	Semnan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piamen-e Sofla (Persian: پيامن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pīāmen-e Soflá) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Piamen-e Sofla	Zardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Station Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Northeast Somerset, Somerset County, Maine.	Harris Station Dam	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mittelsachsen (``Central Saxony'') is a district (Kreis) in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Mittelsachsen	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teapot Rock is a distinctive sedimentary rock formation in Natrona County, Wyoming that lent its name to a nearby oil field that became notorious as the focus of a bribery scandal during the Presidential administration of Warren G. Harding, the Teapot Dome scandal.	Teapot Rock	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedy Lake, historically also known as Lake Reedy, is a shallow 5.5-square-kilometre (2.1 sq mi) intermittent freshwater lake or swamp on the lower reaches of the Barwon River, on the Bellarine Peninsula southeast of Geelong in the Australian state of Victoria.	Reedy Lake	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport (IATA: YXE, ICAO: CYXE), is an international airport located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon John G. Diefenbaker International Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinmel Bay (Welsh: Bae Cinmel) in Conwy County Borough, north-east Wales is a suburb of Rhyl, which lies across the River Clwyd in the neighbouring county of Denbighshire.	Kinmel Bay	Conwy County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhnadon is a town and a nagar panchayat in Seoni district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, and the headquarters of lakhnadon janpad and tahsil.	Lakhnadon	Seoni
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou (HEGP) (Georges Pompidou European Hospital) is a French hospital located in Paris.	Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazanchetsots Cathedral (Armenian: Սուրբ Ղազանչեցոց, Surb Ghazanchetsots), also known as the Cathedral of Christ the Holy Savior (Ղազանչեցոց Սուրբ Ամենափրկիչ Մայր Տաճար Ghazanchets'ots' Surb Amenap'rkich Mayr Tachar), is an Armenian church located in Shusha, Nagorno-Karabakh.	Ghazanchetsots Cathedral	Shusha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huntsville-Decatur-Albertville, AL Combined Statistical Area is the most populated sub-region of North Alabama, and is the second fastest growing region in the State of Alabama, with 679,743 living within the CSA.	Huntsville-Decatur-Albertville, AL Combined Statistical Area	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Music Box Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 239 West 45th Street (George Abbott Way) in Midtown Manhattan.	Music Box Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruszów (ˈkruʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kruszów	Gmina Tuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caithness (Scottish Gaelic: Gallaibh (ˈɡ̊al̪ˠɪv), Scots: Caitnes) is a registration county, lieutenancy area and historic local government area of Scotland.	Caithness	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wamin is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas de Calais region in France of France.	Wamin	Pas-de-Calais	Pas de Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Mahmud (Persian: قلعه محمود‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Maḩmūd) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,723, in 422 families.	Qaleh Mahmud	Anjirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalugasalapuram is a small village in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kalugasalapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavar Lavan (Persian: كاورلوان‎, also Romanized as Kāvar Lavān; also known as Kāvareh Lavān, Kāverlāvānd, and Kāwralawān) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kavar Lavan	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Nemiscau (in French: Lac Nemiscau) is a freshwater lake, located in the municipality of Eeyou Istchee James Bay, in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, in north-western Quebec, in Canada.	Lake Nemiscau	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant Municipal Airport (ICAO: KGGF, FAA LID: GGF) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Grant, a city in Perkins County, Nebraska, United States.	Grant Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Avazi (Persian: شاه عوضي‎, also Romanized as Shāh ``Avazī; also known as Shāh ``Avaẕ) is a village in Takht Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 22 families.	Shah Avazi	Takht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mildenberg Brick Work Park is a visitor attraction and museum in Mildenberg, (Zehdenick) on the Havel in Brandenburg, Germany.	Mildenberg Brick Work Park	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bore Track is a 4WD track in South Australia roughly following the Queensland border from Cameron Corner to Innamincka.	Bore Track	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLJI, known as ``Gospel 98.3'', is a full-time urban contemporary gospel station located in the Midlands region of South Carolina.	WLJI	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambrì is a Swiss village in the municipality of Quinto, Leventina, Canton of Ticino.	Ambrì	Quinto	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Shore Cultural Center, in Chicago, Illinois, is a cultural facility located at 71st Street and South Shore Drive, in the city's South Shore neighborhood.	South Shore Cultural Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp George West Historic District or Camp George West (also known as State Rifle Range;5JF145) was a military base for the Colorado National Guard, located at 15000 S. Golden Rd., Golden, Colorado.	Camp George West Historic District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Przemykowska (ˈvɔla pʂɛmɨˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Przemykowska	Gmina Szczurowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Mill Burgers is an American restaurant in Seattle, Washington with locations in the Phinney Ridge, Interbay and Ballard neighborhoods.	Red Mill Burgers	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadeqiyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان صادقيه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sadeqiyeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Englefield Green is a large village in northern Surrey, England.	Englefield Green	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gleneden Beach State Recreation Site is a state park administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Gleneden Beach State Recreation Site	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shapok is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of northeastern Burma.	Shapok	Myitkyina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taraš (Serbian Cyrillic: Тараш) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality, in the Central Banat District of Serbia.	Taraš	Central Banat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drugnia (ˈdruɡɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Drugnia	Gmina Pierzchnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namrud (Persian: نمرود‎, also Romanized as Namrūd and Nīmrūd) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Namrud	Shahrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmtab-e Olya (Persian: گرمتاب عليا‎, also Romanized as Garmtāb-e ``Olyā) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Garmtab-e Olya	Shalil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshpala (Persian: اشپلا‎, also Romanized as Eshpalā; also known as Eshbālīq, Eshbelā, Eshīlā, and Ishpala) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshpala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badam Chaloq (Persian: بادام چالق‎, also Romanized as Bādām Chāloq; also known as Badam Chalegh and Bādām Chālūq) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Badam Chaloq	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazuk-e Malek (Persian: بازوك ملك‎, also Romanized as Bāzūk-e Malek) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bazuk-e Malek	Sakhvid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunchrew (Scottish Gaelic: Bun Chraoibh) is a small village close to the south shore of Beauly Firth in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Bunchrew	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steppingstone Museum is a non-profit educational and cultural institution, whose mission is to preserve and interpret the rural heritage of Harford County, Maryland.	Steppingstone Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercedes Partido is a partido located in the eastern part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Mercedes Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duck Mountain Provincial Park is a 1,424 square kilometre provincial park in western Manitoba.	Duck Mountain Provincial Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coulsdon Town railway station serves the northern part of Coulsdon, in the London Borough of Croydon.	Coulsdon Town railway station	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indies Monument (Dutch: Indisch Monument) is a memorial in The Hague in memory of all Dutch citizens and soldiers killed during World War II as a result of the Japanese occupation (1941--1945).	Indies Monument	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wightman School is a building in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that was built in 1897.	Wightman School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Saqqa (Persian: سرابسقا‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Saqqā) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Saqqa	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surrey Centre (French: Surrey-Centre) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia.	Surrey Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hosseinabad, Mirjaveh (Persian: حسین‌آباد ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hosseinabad, Mirjaveh	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzanówka (dɔbʐaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski in eastern Poland.	Dobrzanówka	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagni San Filippo is a fraction of the municipality of Castiglione d'Orcia in the Province of Siena, Italy, not far from Monte Amiata.	Bagni San Filippo	Castiglione d'Orcia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienica-Majątek (kamjɛˈnit͡sa maˈjɔntɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kamienica-Majątek	Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 5.1 or BNSF Railway Bridge 5.1, also known as the St. Johns Railroad Bridge or the Willamette River Railroad Bridge, is a through truss railway bridge with a vertical lift that spans the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 5.1	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narayansthan is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal.It is located above the bank of Kali gandaki River.	Narayansthan	Baglung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šentjungert (pronounced (ʃɛntˈjuːŋɡəɾt) or (ʃəntˈjuːŋɡəɾt)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Šentjungert	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Town is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in the former borough of East York.	Crescent Town	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajec (-Slovak and Hungarian, German: Rajetz) is a town in the Žilina District, Žilina Region in northern Slovakia.	Rajec	Žilina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rachel Carson Homestead is a National Register of Historic Places site in Springdale, Pennsylvania, United States, 18 miles northeast of Pittsburgh along the Allegheny River.	Rachel Carson Homestead	Springdale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayfield Secondary School is the oldest secondary school in the Fairfax County Public Schools system of Virginia.	Hayfield Secondary School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zereshlu (Persian: زرشلو‎, also Romanized as Zereshlū) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zereshlu	Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadayampattu is a village near Kallakurich, an upcoming town in Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu, India.	Sadayampattu	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murrhardt Forest (German: Murrhardter Wald) in the Baden-Württemberg county of Rems-Murr-Kreis is part of the natural region known as the Swabian-Franconian Forest.	Murrhardt Forest	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHQR is a radio station owned by Corus Entertainment operating in Calgary, Alberta.	CHQR	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaanaaq Municipality was the only municipality in the county of North Greenland (Avannaa).	Qaanaaq Municipality	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasanar (Persian: نسنار‎, also Romanized as Nasanār; also known as Nasbanār) is a village in Bisaran Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Nasanar	Bisaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellspool is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, near to Drumelzier, Hopcarton and Kingledoors	Bellspool	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanner's Green is a hamlet and cul-de-sac road in the Great Waltham civil parish of the Chelmsford district of Essex, England.	Fanner's Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Aghaj-e Sofla (Persian: قره اغاج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj-e Soflá; also known as Qarah Āqāj-e Soflá and Qareh Āqāj-e Soflá) is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qarah Aghaj-e Sofla	Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frentress Lake is a backwater lake located on the eastern side of the Mississippi River in Jo Daviess County in northern Illinois, to the southeast of East Dubuque.	Frentress Lake	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruttonjee Hospital (Chinese: 律敦治醫院) is a hospital in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Ruttonjee Hospital	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYIX (104.9 FM) is a repeater station for the Air 1 Radio Network based in Chico, California and licensed to South Oroville, California.	KYIX	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deutscheinsiedel is a village in the Saxon municipality of Deutschneudorf in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in East Germany.	Deutscheinsiedel	Deutschneudorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambav is a small village situated in Sangameshwar Taluka of Ratnagiri District in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Ambav	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barxeta (Valencian pronunciation: (baɾˈtʃeta), Spanish: Barcheta) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Barxeta	Costera
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiz Kuh (Persian: تيزكوه‎, also Romanized as Tīz Kūh) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tiz Kuh	Afin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurtga (Persian: يورتگا‎, also Romanized as Yūrtgā; also known as Yūrgā and Yūrkā) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Yurtga	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białobrzezie (bjawɔˈbʐɛʑɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Białobrzezie	Gmina Kondratowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pope Estate is a historic home located in Camp Richardson, near South Lake Tahoe, California.	Pope Estate	South Lake Tahoe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village of Bhasaur is situated on state Highway No. 11 between Dhuri and Maler Kotla towns in Sangrur District of East Punjab.	Bhasaur	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burt County Missouri River Bridge is a continuous truss bridge over the Missouri River connecting Burt County, Nebraska and Monona County, Iowa at Decatur, Nebraska.	Burt County Missouri River Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Isa (/ˈaɪzə/ EYE-zə) is a city in the Gulf Country region of Queensland, Australia.	Mount Isa	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kew Palace is a British royal palace in Kew Gardens on the banks of the Thames up river from London.	Kew Palace	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolgeh Anjarak (Persian: جلگه انجرک ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jolgeh Anjarak	Tamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alefsaneh (Persian: الفسانه‎, also Romanized as Alefsāneh; also known as Alnesāneh) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Alefsaneh	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramsheh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رامشه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jarqavieh Olya District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ramsheh Rural District	Jarqavieh Olya District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillsboro Intermodal Transit Facility (HITF) is a parking garage with extensive bicycle facilities located in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hillsboro Intermodal Transit Facility	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunnamaggin (officially Dunnamaggan; Irish: Dún Iomagáin, meaning ``Fort of Iomagán'') is a hamlet in the south County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland, on the R699 road between Callan and Knocktopher, east of its intersection with the R697 between Kells and Kilmaganny.	Dunnamaggin	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul Bunyan Land is an amusement park located in Brainerd, Minnesota, on This Old Farm.	Paul Bunyan Land	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negeri Sembilan (Malay pronunciation: (ˈnəgəri səmbiˈlan)), one of Malaysia's thirteen states, lies on the western coast of Peninsular Malaysia, just south of Kuala Lumpur and borders Selangor on the north, Pahang in the east, and Malacca and Johor to the south.	Negeri Sembilan	Malaysia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake W. R. Holway is a reservoir in Mayes County, Oklahoma on the Saline Creek arm of Lake Hudson (Oklahoma).	Lake W. R. Holway	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton Bavents is a hamlet in Waveney District and the ceremonial county of Suffolk in England.	Easton Bavents	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żachta (ˈʐaxta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żachta	Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifth Avenue High School is a defunct school located at 1800 Fifth Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's Bluff neighborhood, USA.	Fifth Avenue High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradise Point State Park is an 88-acre (36 ha) Washington state park on the East Fork Lewis River just east of Interstate 5 in Clark County.	Paradise Point State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerli was divided by the creation of the Lanús Partido.	Gerli	Lanús Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hastings Line is a secondary railway line in Kent and East Sussex, England, linking Hastings with the main town of Tunbridge Wells, and from there into London via Tonbridge and Sevenoaks.	Hastings Line	Kent	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	1090 Vermont Avenue NW is a high-rise modernist office building in Washington, D.C., which is tied with the Renaissance Washington DC Hotel as the fourth-tallest commercial building in the city (as of January 2010).	1090 Vermont Avenue	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whale Lake is a lake in Cook County in what is known as the Arrowhead Region of northern Minnesota.	Whale Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanasi (also spelled Tanase, Tenasi, Tenassee, Tunissee, Tennessee, and other such variations) (Cherokee: ᏔᎾᏏ) was an historic Overhill Cherokee village site in present-day Monroe County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Tanasi	Monroe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonneville Speedway is an area of the Bonneville Salt Flats near Wendover, Utah, that is marked out for motor sports.	Bonneville Speedway	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhshayesh (Persian: بخشايش‎; also Romanized as Bakhshāyesh, Bakhshaish, and Bekhshayesh) is a city in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bakhshayesh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deste Foundation, Centre for Contemporary Art is an arts foundation in Nea Ionia, a northern suburb of Athens, Greece.	Deste Foundation	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holder's Green is a hamlet located near the village of Lindsell, in the Uttlesford district, in the county of Essex, England.	Holder's Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heston is a suburban area of the London Borough of Hounslow, west London.	Heston	London Borough of Hounslow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gili Karan (Persian: گيلي كران‎, also Romanized as Gīlī Karān and Geylī Karān; also known as Gailikarān, Gelīkarān, Gili Garan, Golī Garān, Kailigiran, and Kīlī Karān) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gili Karan	Sarshiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wijnbergshofje is a hofje in Haarlem, Netherlands, on the Barrevoetstraat.	Wijnbergshofje	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madge Lake is located in eastern Saskatchewan, 18 km east of the town of Kamsack and just a few kilometres west of the province's eastern boundary.	Madge Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sand Beach Church is a historic Reformed Church church located in the Town of Fleming near Auburn in Cayuga County, New York.	Sand Beach Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sujapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 8 Maldaha Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency).	Sujapur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Maldaha Dakshin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murphy Trail and Bridge in Utah, USA, were used to move livestock from winter range along the Green River to highland summer range from about 1917 to about 1964.	Murphy Trail and Bridge	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickey-Stephens Park is a baseball park in North Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.	Dickey-Stephens Park	North Little Rock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassussarry (Basque: Basusarri) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Bassussarry	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Arabid (Persian: ابوعرابيد‎, also Romanized as Abū ``Arābīd; also known as Abū ``Arbīdeh) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 648, in 113 families.	Abu Arabid	Jaffal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulsdale, in Mount Laurel Township, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States, was the birthplace and childhood home of Alice Paul, a major leader in the Women's suffrage movement in the United States.	Paulsdale	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalanpur is a small village in Yamunanagar district in the Indian state of Haryana and it is situated at a distance of 11 km from yamunagar city and 6 km from mustfabad .	Kalanpur	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namulonge is located in North Kyaddondo Constituency, Kyaddondo County, Wakiso District, in the Central Region of Uganda.	Namulonge	Wakiso District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London is part of University College London Museums & Collections.	Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukou District (simplified Chinese: 浦口区; traditional Chinese: 浦口區; pinyin: Pǔkǒu Qū), is one of 11 districts of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, China, lying northwest across the Yangtze River from downtown Nanjing.	Pukou District	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszecino (vɨʂɛˈt͡ɕinɔ) (Kashubian: Wëszecëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyszecino	Gmina Luzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tashtun (Armenian: Տաշտուն) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tashtun	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	George L. Brooks School is a historic school building located in the Haddington neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	George L. Brooks School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakta Sara (Persian: لاكتاسرا‎, also Romanized as Lāktār Sarā) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lakta Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feroke is a Municipality and a part of Kozhikode metropolitan area under Kozhikode Development Authority (K.D.A) in the Kozhikode district of the Indian state of Kerala.	Feroke	Kozhikode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillhampton is a hamlet and civil parish (with Great Witley) nestled between Great Witley, Little Witley and Shrawley in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Hillhampton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hockley Valley Resort is a ski retreat, golf course, conference centre, and hotel in Mono, Ontario, Canada.	Hockley Valley	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cann Memorial Botanical Gardens (4 hectares / 10 acres) are botanical gardens located at 1500 East Grand Avenue, Ponca City, Oklahoma, USA.	Cann Memorial Botanical Gardens	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davenport Hose Station No. 3 is located in a commerial area on the east side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Hose Station No. 3	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Jalal-e Jonubi (Persian: ابوجلال جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Abū Jalāl-e Jonūbī and Abū Jalāl-e Janūbī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Jalal-e Jonubi	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmirkush (Persian: گرمیرکوش‎, also Romanized as Garmīrḵūsh) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Garmirkush	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruyton-XI-Towns (/ˌraɪtən ᵻˈlɛvən taʊnz/ ``ryetən eleven towns''), formally Ruyton of the Eleven Towns or simply Ruyton, is a large village and civil parish in Shropshire, England.	Ruyton-XI-Towns	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolshaya Nikitskaya Street (Russian: Большая Никитская улица, Nikitskaya Ulitsa) is a radial street that runs west from Mokhovaya Street to Garden Ring in Moscow, between Vozdvizhenka Street (south) and Tverskaya Street (north).	Bolshaya Nikitskaya Street	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kales Building is a high-rise apartment building in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Kales Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lábrea (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈlabɾjɐ)) is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Amazonas.	Lábrea	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden of One Thousand Buddhas is a spiritual site near Arlee, Montana, within the Flathead Indian Reservation in Lake County, Montana.	The Garden of One Thousand Buddhas	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maheshwara Engineering College (MEC, Hindi: महेश्वर इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज) Formerly known as Jatipita College of Engineering is located in Patancheru, Hyderabad.	Maheshwara Engineering College	Patancheru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazarnag (Persian: بازرنگ‎, also Romanized as Bāzarnag) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bazarnag	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts (German: Fachhochschule Dortmund) is a Fachhochschule in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with 12,300 students, and 669 staff, 232 of which are professors.	Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skowroda Południowa (skɔˈvrɔda pɔwudˈɲɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skowroda Południowa	Gmina Chąśno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birdhana is a village in Jhajjar Mandal, Jhajjar District in Haryana, India.	Birdhana	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oberhof Ballenstedt is a stately home next to the town hall in Ballenstedt in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Oberhof Ballenstedt	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bechcice-Parcela (bɛxˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bechcice-Parcela	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Century Guild, headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is one of the earliest, largest, and most successful organizations of the many created across the country in the late 19th century that have dealt with the problems that arose as women in considerable numbers entered the labor force.	New Century Guild	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	About half of the Camas National Wildlife Refuge in southeastern Idaho consists of lakes, ponds, and marshlands; the remainder is grass sagebrush uplands, meadows, and farm fields.	Camas National Wildlife Refuge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Mountain Arts Center (SMAC), located in Brownfield, Maine, is an intimate performance hall situated in the foothills of the White Mountains.	Stone Mountain Arts Center	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barañáin (in Spanish) or Barañain (in Euskera) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Barañáin	Navarre
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is homonymous with a hamlet in Seine-et-Marne, Aubervilliers, and Auberville in Normandy (the others are explained by the Old Norse personal name Osbern giving Auber, the name of a Norman family).	Aubervilliers	Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Mill Creek, formerly known as Mill Creek Mall, is a one-story regional shopping mall located in Secaucus, New Jersey in the New Jersey Meadowlands.	The Mall at Mill Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosaryville State Park is a Maryland state park in Rosaryville, three miles southeast of the Joint Base Andrews Naval Air Facility (formerly Andrews Air Force Base) in Prince George's County.	Rosaryville State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judar (Persian: جودر‎, also Romanized as Jūdar and Jowdar; also known as Jow Darreh and Chūdar) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Judar	Gifan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dęborzyn (dɛmˈbɔʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jodłowa, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dęborzyn	Gmina Jodłowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Christian Academy was an educational ministry of Limerick Chapel in Limerick Township, Pennsylvania.	Chapel Christian Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Lishu (Persian: اب ليشو‎, also Romanized as Āb Līshū) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Lishu	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William G. and Anne Williams House is a historic building in Sparta, Wisconsin that is now a four-room bed and breakfast.	William G. and Anne Williams House	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Potrillo Mountains are a mountain range in south central Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States.	West Potrillo Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madaje Nowe (maˈdajɛ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Madaje Nowe	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gusu District (simplified Chinese: 姑苏区; traditional Chinese: 姑蘇區; pinyin: Gūsū Qū) is one of five urban districts and the main district of Suzhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Gusu District	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Professional Academies' Magnet @ Loften High School (or W. Travis Loften High School) is a public high school in Gainesville, Florida in the United States.	Loften High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doilungdêqên District is a district in Lhasa prefecture-level city, Tibet, north-west of the main center of Chengguan, Tibet.	Doilungdêqên District	Lhasa
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFNI, known as 1070 The Fan, is a radio station in Indianapolis, Indiana owned by Emmis Communications.	WFNI	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redenhall with Harleston is a town, civil parish and electoral ward (called Harleston) in the South Norfolk District of the English county of Norfolk, comprising the villages of Redenhall and Harleston.	Redenhall with Harleston	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hampton Terrace Historic District, originally called the Lakewood Manor Subdivision, is a U.S. historic district located in Tampa, Florida.	Hampton Terrace Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beardslee Castle is a three-story castle in Little Falls, New York, USA, constructed in 1860 as a replica of an Irish castle, and currently used as a restaurant.	Beardslee Castle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crown Hill National Cemetery is a U.S. National Cemetery located in the city of Indianapolis, Marion County, Indiana.	Crown Hill National Cemetery	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łuknajno-Leśniczówka (wukˈnai̯nɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łuknajno-Leśniczówka	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahamtan Kola (Persian: تهمتن كلا‎, also Romanized as Tahamtan Kolā) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tahamtan Kola	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosjökloster Castle is located on the shore of Ringsjön in Höör Municipality.	Ringsjön	Höör Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winisk Lake is a large, irregularly-shaped lake in the Winisk River and Hudson Bay drainage basins in northern Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Winisk Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koberovy (German: Koberwald) is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Koberovy	Jablonec nad Nisou District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pietna (ˈpjɛtna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pietna	Gmina Krapkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Menger Hotel is a historic hotel located in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Menger Hotel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barrett-Byam Homestead is a historic house, now headquarters of the Chelmsford Historical Society, located at 40 Byam Road, Chelmsford, Massachusetts, United States.	Barrett-Byam Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jervis Bay National Park, formerly known as Jervis Bay National Park (NSW), consists of several protected areas on the western and northern foreshores of Jervis Bay, on the south coast of New South Wales.	Jervis Bay National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pertek (Armenian: Բերդակ), (Kurdish: Pêrtag) is a small city and its surrounding district in Tunceli Province of modern Turkey.	Pertek	Tunceli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molkhatavi (Persian: ملخطاوي‎, also Romanized as Molkhaţāvī; also known as Molḩaţāvī) is a village in Shiyan Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Molkhatavi	Shiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dali Padiguleh (Persian: دلي پاديگوله‎, also Romanized as Dalī Pādīgūleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dali Padiguleh	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorran Churchtown is a village in the parish of St Goran, Cornwall, England.	Gorran Churchtown	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belesbeneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان بلسبنه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Belesbeneh Rural District	Kuchesfahan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayamkudy (ആയാംകുടി) is a village in the Kottayam district of the Indian state of Kerala.	Ayamkudy	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snaefell Summit railway station is the upper terminus of the Snaefell Mountain Railway on the Isle of Man and is served by the tramway of the same name.	Snaefell Summit railway station	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Endiang, Alberta is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the County of Stettler No. 6.	Endiang	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penweddig was a medieval cantref -- a Welsh land division -- of the kingdom of Ceredigion and later of the kingdom of Deheubarth) which is now in the county of Ceredigion, Wales.	Penweddig	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penola Catholic College (also known as PCC or simply Penola) is a co-educational secondary college, located in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Penola Catholic College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anenská Studánka (German: Annabad) is a small village (pop. 196 in 2006) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Anenská Studánka	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacówka (paˈt͡sufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pacówka	Gmina Żmudź
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamunda bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to the Kalamunda Central shopping centre in Kalamunda, Western Australia.	Kalamunda bus station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pau del Camp (IPA: (ˈsam ˈpaw ðəɫ ˈkam)) (Catalan for ``Saint Paul of the countryside'' or ``in the fields'') is a church and former monastery in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Pau del Camp	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miminiska Airport, (TC LID: CPS5), is located on Lake Miminska, near Miminiska Ontario, Canada.	Miminiska Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenpoint Reformed Church is a Reformed Church in America church at 136 Milton Street in the Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.	Greenpoint Reformed Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaman Saver (Persian: چمن ساور‎, also Romanized as Chaman Sāver) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chaman Saver	Chaharkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiuduno is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Bergamo, midway between the Bergamo plain and the Valcalepio.	Chiuduno	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Canyon West Airport (IATA: GCW, FAA LID: 1G4) is a public airport 60 miles (97 km) northwest of Peach Springs, in Mohave County, Arizona.	Grand Canyon West Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowzeqan (Persian: جوزقان‎, also Romanized as Jowzeqān and Jowzqān) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jowzeqan	Kuhsangi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockaway Parkway is a major commercial street in the Canarsie neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.	Rockaway Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schiessrothried is a small lake in the Alsatian side of the Vosges, of glacial origin.	Schiessrothried	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziubiele Małe (d͡ʑuˈbjɛlɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Dziubiellen (1938-45:Klein Zollerndorf)) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dziubiele Małe	Gmina Orzysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Miastków (ˈstarɨ ˈmjastkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Miastków	Gmina Miastków Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chestnut Ridge Historical Area contains a wide range of the oldest buildings on the UMass Amherst campus, including its iconic chapel, the campus war memorial, the W. E. B. Du Bois Library, and the last remaining barn from the founding years of the Massachusetts Agricultural College.	Chestnut Ridge Historical Area	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Oaks Farm and Black's Tavern is a historic home and farm complex located near Greenwood, Albemarle County, Virginia.	Seven Oaks Farm and Black's Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lilly Arbor Project is a part of an experimental riparian floodplain reforestation and ecological restoration program, located along the White River in Indiana, in the eastern United States.	Lilly Arbor Project	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland University is a mid-sized, private, non-profit university in Ashland, Ohio, United States.	Ashland University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charbinowice (xarbinɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Charbinowice	Gmina Opatowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behnua-ye Bala (Persian: بهنوابالا‎, also Romanized as Behnūā-e Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Behnua-ye Bala	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hammermill Center, formerly Gannon Auditorium, is a 2,800 seat basketball arena home to the Gannon Golden Knights located on the campus of Gannon University in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Hammermill Center	Erie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glooscap First Nation is a Canadian Mi'kmaq aboriginal community in Kings County, Nova Scotia.	Glooscap First Nation	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Treasury Gardens consist of 5.8 hectares (14.4 acres) on the south-eastern side of the Melbourne Central Business District, East Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Treasury Gardens	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaft Chahvar (Persian: كفت چهوار‎, also Romanized as Kaft Chahvār) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kaft Chahvar	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twin Mountains are a pair of mountains located in Franconia, New Hampshire.	Twin Mountains	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Po Industrial Estate (Chinese: 大埔工業邨, branded as 大埔工業園) is an industrial estate on the reclamation in Tai Po Hoi, Tai Po District, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Tai Po Industrial Estate	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasatiempo Golf Club is an 18-hole golf club located in Pasatiempo, Santa Cruz County, California.	Pasatiempo Golf Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chungking Mansions is a building located at 36--44 Nathan Road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Chungking Mansions	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. William Henderson House, also known as the Fox House, is a historic home located at Hummelstown, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.	Dr. William Henderson House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilyhurst is a small hamlet near Lilleshall and Sheriffhales in Shropshire.	Lilyhurst	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amárita (in Basque and officially Amarita, pronounced with the stress on the second a) is a village and city council in the municipality of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the province of Álava, Basque Country, Spain.	Amárita	Vitoria-Gasteiz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawfordsburn railway station served Crawfordsburn Hospital (which closed in the early 1990s) and Crawfordsburn Country Park in County Down, Northern Ireland.	Crawfordsburn railway station	Northern Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzówka (ˈkʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzówka	Gmina Serokomla
located in the administrative territorial entity	P. S. Dupont High School is a historic high school building located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.	P. S. Dupont High School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dlinza Forest Nature Reserve, is located just outside Eshowe, in the KwaZulu-Natal, province of South Africa.	Dlinza Forest Nature Reserve	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Playhouse Square, is the Cleveland Theater District in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, the largest performing arts center in the United States outside of New York.	Playhouse Square	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFGR (Classic Hits 98.7) is an American FM radio station serving Grand Rapids, Michigan.	WFGR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabur-e Kuchek (Persian: صبوركوچك‎, also Romanized as Şabūr-e Kūchek) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sabur-e Kuchek	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nad Ali Hasht va Gani (Persian: نادعلي هشتوگاني‎, also Romanized as Nād ʿAlī Hasht va Gānī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nad Ali Hasht va Gani	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frisco Station in Idabel, Oklahoma, was built in 1912 by the St. Louis--	Frisco Station	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Sonora is a baseball stadium located in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico.	Estadio Sonora	Hermosillo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conewago Chapel Covered Bridge, also known as the Blue Spring Covered Bridge, was a historic wooden covered bridge located in Conewago and Mount Pleasant Townships in Adams County, Pennsylvania.	Conewago Chapel Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uttar Krishnapur Part-I is a census town in Cachar district in the Indian state of Assam.	Uttar Krishnapur Part-I	Cachar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razavi Khorasan Province (Persian: استان خراسان رضوی‎‎, Ostān-e Khorāsān-e Rażavī ) is a province located in northeastern Iran.	Razavi Khorasan Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Jowz (Persian: دوجوز‎) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Do Jowz	Qaleh Qafeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seengemai is a village under the municipal board of Sirsaganj in the Firozabad district of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Seengemai	Firozabad district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Third Avenue is a north-south thoroughfare on the East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Third Avenue	New York City	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Morgh (Persian: ده مرغ‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Morgh and Deh Margh; also known as Deh Marg) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Morgh	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northeast Gainesville Residential District, also known locally as the Duck Pond is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on February 12, 1980) located in Gainesville, Florida.	Northeast Gainesville Residential District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Norwood Library in Westow Hill, the only independent public library in the UK, was built in 1899 by joint agreement of the London Borough of Croydon and the London Borough of Lambeth.	Upper Norwood	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chłopowy (xwɔˈpɔvɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chłopowy	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Jafar (Persian: دول جافر‎, also Romanized as Dūl Jāfar) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Jafar	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allenby Street (Hebrew: רחוב אלנבי‎) is a major street in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Allenby Street	Tel Aviv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plantation High School (commonly referred to as PHS) is a high school located in Plantation, Florida.	Plantation High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapsze Wyżne (ˈwapʂɛ ˈvɨʐnɛ), (Slovak: Vyšné Lapše) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapsze Niżne, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Łapsze Wyżne	Gmina Łapsze Niżne
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Cour-Dieu Abbey (French: Abbaye de La Cour-Dieu; Latin: Curia Dei) is a former Cistercian monastery in the commune of Ingrannes in Loiret, France, situated about 19 km south of Pithiviers.	La Cour-Dieu Abbey	Ingrannes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braintree High School (BHS) is a four-year secondary school located in Braintree, Massachusetts, within Norfolk County.	Braintree High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Sefid-e Saqaveh (Persian: اب سفيدسقاوه‎, also Romanized as Āb Sefīd-e Saqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Sefid-e Saqaveh	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 'Wesley Plattenburg House is a historic house in Selma, Alabama.	Wesley Plattenburg House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cordova Post Office and Courthouse is a historic government building on 2nd Street at Federal Avenue in Cordova, Alaska.	Cordova Post Office and Courthouse	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimball School was a public elementary school located in Concord, New Hampshire.	Kimball School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coleridge Cottage is a cottage situated in Nether Stowey, Bridgwater, Somerset, England.	Coleridge Cottage	Nether Stowey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph Potato House is a historic potato house located near Laurel, Sussex County, Delaware.	Ralph Potato House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carajía or Karijia is an archaeological site in the Utcubamba Valley, located 48 km northeast of the city of Chachapoyas, Peru in Luya Province, Amazonas Region, where eight Chachapoyan mummies were discovered on the cliffside, referred to by local residents as the ``ancient wise men''.	Carajía	Amazonas Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively it constitutes Kohtla-Nõmme Parish (Kohtla-Nõmme vald) -- a rural municipality within Ida-Viru County.	Kohtla-Nõmme	Ida-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kartoszyno (kartɔˈʂɨnɔ) (German Kartoschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kartoszyno	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarmouth Clam Festival is an annual three-day event which takes place in the American town of Yarmouth, Maine, during the third weekend in July.	Yarmouth Clam Festival	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Meadow Lake State Park is a state park just west of Helena, Montana used primarily as a swimming spot for children, as well as hiking and fishing.	Spring Meadow Lake State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alqajar (Persian: القجر‎) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alqajar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roberts Army Heliport (IATA: SYL, ICAO: KSYL, FAA LID: SYL) is a U.S. Army heliport at Camp Roberts in extreme southern Monterey County, California, United States.	Roberts Army Heliport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyramid State Recreation Area, the largest state recreation area in Illinois, contains 19,701 acres (7,973 ha).	Pyramid State Recreation Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębno Królewskie (ˈdɛmbnɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ) (German: Königseichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębno Królewskie	Gmina Babiak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mątasek (mɔnˈtasɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mątasek	Gmina Warlubie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heath and Reach is an English village and civil parish near the Chiltern Hills in Bedfordshire.	Heath and Reach	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre scolaire Léo-Rémillard (abbreviated CSLR) is a French-language high school situated in the southeastern part of Winnipeg, Manitoba, in Canada.	Centre scolaire Léo-Rémillard	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsville Bible College is a non-denominational Christian seminary in Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville Bible College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yorke Peninsula Council is a local government area (LGA) responsible for most of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia.	Yorke Peninsula Council	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Krobnitz is a Schloss in Reichenbach (Oberlausitz), Saxony (Germany).	Schloss Krobnitz	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odakkali, located at 10.09 North and 76.54 East, is a village in the Ernakulam district of Kerala State, in southern India.	Odakkali	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasnamäe is the most populous administrative district of Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Lasnamäe	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vetrego is a frazione of the comune of Mirano, Italy, Province of Venice, Region Veneto.	Vetrego	Mirano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarroch, S'Arrocu in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Cagliari.	Sarroch	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orto Botanico del Monte Baldo (about 20,000 m²), also known as the Orto Botanico di Novezzina or Orto Botanico d'Europa, is a botanical garden located at 1232 meters altitude on Monte Baldo, Via General Graziani 10, Novezzina, Ferrara di Monte Baldo, Province of Verona, Veneto, Italy.	Orto Botanico del Monte Baldo	Ferrara di Monte Baldo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghcheh Kand (Persian: اغچه كند‎, also Romanized as Āghcheh Kand; also known as Āqcheh Kand) is a village in Abarghan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghcheh Kand	Abarghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Gapuchi (Persian: حصارگاپوچي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Gāpūchī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Qāpūchī) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Gapuchi	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahovna (pronounced (ˈlaːxɔu̯na)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Lahovna	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matomo is a rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Matomo	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garachico is a municipality and town on the northern coast of Tenerife, about 52 km West of the capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 50 km from Tenerife North Airport and 67 km from Tenerife South Airport.	Garachico	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christmas Creek Airport (IATA: CXQ, ICAO: YCRK) is an airport serving Christmas Creek Station, in the Australian state of Western Australia.	Christmas Creek Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žeravac (Cyrillic Жеравац) is a village in the municipality of Derventa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žeravac	Derventa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunli is a town and head office of Hunli-Desali Tehsil of Lower Dibang Valley district in the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Hunli	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercy Academy, in full, The Academy of Our Lady of Mercy, is an all-girls Roman Catholic high school in Louisville, Kentucky that opened in 1885 and is sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy.	Mercy Academy	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malheur National Forest is a National Forest in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Malheur National Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otay Centenario is a borough of the municipality of Tijuana in Baja California, Mexico.	Otay Centenario	Tijuana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Standin' on the Corner Park (opened 1999 in Winslow, Arizona) is a public park, commemorating the song ``Take It Easy'', written by Jackson Browne and the late Glenn Frey, and most famously recorded by the Eagles.	Standin' on the Corner Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siyavashan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سياوشان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Siyavashan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hipolito F. Garcia Federal Building and United States Courthouse is a historic courthouse, federal office, and post office building located in Downtown San Antonio in Bexar County in the U.S. state of Texas.	Hipolito F. Garcia Federal Building and United States Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bybee Bridge is a bridge over McLoughlin Boulevard (Oregon Route 99E) in southeast Portland, Oregon connecting the Eastmoreland and Sellwood neighborhoods.	Bybee Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabriel Island is a Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.	Gabriel Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati Country Day School (abbreviated Country Day or CCDS) is a private, Independent School located in Indian Hill, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati.	Cincinnati Country Day School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	50 West Street is a 64-story, 778 ft (237 m) tall mixed-use retail and residential condominium tower developed by Time Equities Inc. in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	50 West Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martin W. Carr School is a historic school building located at 25 Atherton Street, in the Spring Hill area of Somerville, Massachusetts.	Martin W. Carr School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Kesht (Persian: چهاركشت‎, also Romanized as Chahār Kesht; also known as Chahār Gasht) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chahar Kesht	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edwin Warner Park and Percy Warner Park, collectively known as Warner Parks, are two major public parks in Nashville, Tennessee.	Warner Parks	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Sira Communal Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Comunal El Sira) is a protected area in Peru created on 23 June 2001 and located in three regions: the Huánuco Region (Puerto Inca Province), the Pasco Region (Oxapampa Province) and the Ucayali Region (Atalaya Province and Coronel Portillo Province).	El Sira Communal Reserve	Huánuco Region	Pasco Region	Ucayali Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashar District (Persian: بخش آشار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ashar District	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Asiab-e Fartaq (Persian: پس اسياب فارتق‎, also Romanized as Pas Asīāb-e Fārtaq) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pas Asiab-e Fartaq	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2004 Hopman Cup (also known as the Hyundai Hopman Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the sixteenth Hopman Cup tennis tournament held at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth from 3 through 10 January 2004.	2004 Hopman Cup	Perth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarzeh Shamil (Persian: سرزه شميل‎, also Romanized as Sarzeh Shamīl) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarzeh Shamil	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John A. Rowland High School is a public, four-year high school and International Baccalaureate (IB) World School in the city of Rowland Heights, California.	John A. Rowland High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reisenbach Telecommunication Tower ( German designation: Fernmeldeturm Reisenbach) is among the tallest structures in the Northern parts of Baden-Württemberg.	Reisenbach Telecommunication Tower	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPHR (106.3 FM, ``Power 106.3'') is a radio station licensed to Ortonville, Minnesota serving the Watertown, South Dakota area.	KPHR	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radiměř (German Rothmühl) is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Radiměř	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Mecklenburg High School (founded 1959) is a public secondary school located in Charlotte, North Carolina, USA.	South Mecklenburg High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longxu District (Chinese: 龙圩区) is a district of the prefecture-level city of Wuzhou in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Longxu District	Wuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgonovo Val Tidone (Piacentine dialect: Burgnöv) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) northwest of Bologna and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Piacenza.	Borgonovo Val Tidone	Province of Piacenza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Avenue Intermediate School is a two-year public intermediate, junior high, or middle school, located in Temple City, California, in the west San Gabriel Valley.	Oak Avenue Intermediate School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmay Sara (Persian: گرماي سرا‎, also Romanized as Garmāy Sarā; also known as ``Alīābād and Garm Āb Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 332, in 82 families.	Garmay Sara	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. Strom Thurmond Dam, also known in Georgia as Clarks Hill Dam, is a concrete-gravity and embankment dam located 22 miles (35 km) north of Augusta, Georgia on the Savannah River at the border of South Carolina and Georgia, creating Lake Strom Thurmond.	J. Strom Thurmond Dam	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janbuk (Persian: جنبوك‎, also Romanized as Janbūk and Janbook; also known as Chambūk, Chanbūk, Jambūk, Jonbūd, and Junbūk) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Janbuk	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chedruyeh (Persian: چدرويه‎, also Romanized as Chedrūyeh) is a village in Qotbabad Rural District, Kordian District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chedruyeh	Kordian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwernyfed is a community in Powys, Wales, centred on the village of Aberllynfi.	Gwernyfed	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabinowitz Courthouse is an Alaska Court of Appeals state courthouse in Fairbanks, Alaska named after former Chief Justice Jay Rabinowitz, situated at 101 Lacey Street, adjacent to the Chena River.	Rabinowitz Courthouse	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vučkovec is a mineral spring in Međimurje County, northern Croatia, which from the early twentieth century served as the focus of a small resort community.	Vučkovec	Međimurje County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardan (Persian: پردان‎, also Romanized as Pardān; also known as Pardūn, Ferdū, and Pherdu) is a village in Zohan Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pardan	Zohan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Khaleseh (Persian: حسن ابادخالصه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Khāleşeh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamshahr County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Khaleseh	Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Sarkhadh (Persian: شهرك سرخاڈ‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sarkhādh; also known as Sarkhā, Shahrak-e Sarkhā, and Sorkhā) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Sarkhadh	Isin Rural District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atqasuk Edward Burnell Sr. Memorial Airport (IATA: ATK, ICAO: PATQ, FAA LID: ATK) is an uncontrolled public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Atqasuk, a city in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States.	Atqasuk Edward Burnell Sr. Memorial Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostam-e Seh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رستم سه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rostam-e Seh Rural District	Sorna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barchaczów (barˈxat͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Barchaczów	Gmina Łabunie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aguada de Pasajeros (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈɣwaða ðe pasaˈʝeɾos)) is a municipality and town in the Cienfuegos Province of Cuba.	Aguada de Pasajeros	Cienfuegos Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluff Point Graded School No. 3 is a historic school building located near Kilmarnock, Northumberland County, Virginia.	Bluff Point Graded School No. 3	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCVF-FM is a public low power FM radio station in Fredonia, New York.	WCVF-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soper River (Inuktitut: Kuujuaq, meaning ``the great river'') (62.9°N 69.85°W) is a waterway on Baffin Island, Nunavut.	Soper River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walhachin is a small ghost town in the Thompson Country region of British Columbia, Canada.	Walhachin	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuzidar (Persian: يوزيدر‎, also Romanized as Yūzīdar, Yowzīdar, and Yūzī Dar; also known as Vazeh Dar and Wazeh Dar) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yuzidar	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plum Hollow Country Club is a country club located in Southfield, Michigan, a suburb northwest of Detroit The club is privately owned and was established in 1921.	Plum Hollow Country Club	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Fraguas is a town in the Arenas de Iguña municipality of the Spanish region of Cantabria.	Las Fraguas	Arenas de Iguña
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mexico Memorial Airport (ICAO: KMYJ, FAA LID: MYJ) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Mexico, a city in Audrain County, Missouri, United States.	Mexico Memorial Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amba Matha also spelled as Amba Mutt (Kannada: ಅಂಬಾ ಮಠ ) is a village near Somalapura in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka state, India.	Amba Matha	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraplewo (kraˈplɛvɔ) (German Kraplau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kraplewo	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sequoia Park Zoo is a zoo located in Eureka, California, operated by the City of Eureka.	Sequoia Park Zoo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Salim (Persian: ده سليم‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Salīm) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Salim	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzeh-ye Tiz Ab Safer (Persian: پوزه تيزاب صفر‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Tīz Āb Şafer; also known as Pūzeh-ye Tīz Āb and Tīz Āb) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Puzeh-ye Tiz Ab Safer	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zambezi Region, until 2013 known as the Caprivi Region, is one of the 14 regions of Namibia, located in the extreme north-east of the country.	Zambezi Region	Namibia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruta dos Ratões is a cave in the Azores.	Gruta dos Ratões	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahchekor (Persian: چه چكر‎; also known as Cheychagar) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chahchekor	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashkirk is a small village on the Ale Water, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Ashkirk	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasat Darreh (Persian: پست دره‎) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pasat Darreh	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Shur-e Khong (Persian: دره شورخنگ‎, also Romanized as Darreh Shūr-e Khong; also known as Darrehshūr-e Khong) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Darreh Shur-e Khong	Milas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Hope Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery is a cemetery on St. Marys Street in Lake Village, Arkansas.	New Hope Missionary Baptist Church Cemetery	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ear Mountain is an isolated mountain located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Ear Mountain	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Avenue is a north-south avenue in the borough of Manhattan in New York City, United States, that carries northbound one-way traffic.	Madison Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ksawerynówek (ksavɛrɨˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ksawerynówek	Gmina Wola Mysłowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harnam Singh Wala is a village located in the district of Bathinda, in the Indian state of Punjab.	Harnam Singh Wala	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benakal (Kannada: ಬೆಣಕಲ್ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Benakal	Koppal district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muzzy Field is a stadium in Bristol, Connecticut adjacent to Rockwell Park.	Muzzy Field	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pajtuński Młyn (pai̯ˈtuɲski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Purda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pajtuński Młyn	Gmina Purda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Creek School is a preschool through grade twelve private school in Redmond, Washington.	The Bear Creek School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calleras (Caeras) is one of 44 parishes (administrative divisions) in Tineo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Calleras	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askaleh-ye Bandar Emam (Persian: اسكله بندرامام‎, also Romanized as Āsḵaleh-ye Bandar Emām) is a village in Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni Rural District, Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni District, Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Askaleh-ye Bandar Emam	Bandar-e Emam Khomeyni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pothunuru (Telugu: పోతునూరు) is a village in Denduluru mandal of West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pothunuru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloth Fair is a street in the City of London where, in medieval times, merchants gathered to buy and sell material during the Bartholomew Fair.	Cloth Fair	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Faranah Region is located in east-central Guinea.	Faranah Region	Guinea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghomijeh (Persian: غميجه‎, also Romanized as Ghomījeh) is a village in Neysan Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghomijeh	Neysan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Country Club at Mirasol (also known as Mirasol) is a large, gated community located in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.	Country Club at Mirasol	Palm Beach Gardens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Sati (Persian: حصارساتي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sātī, Hesār-e-Sātī, Ḩeşār Sātī, and Hisār Sathi) is a village in Juqin Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Sati	Juqin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavarchin (Persian: چاورچين‎, also Romanized as Chāvarchīn) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chavarchin	Akhtachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sewall-Scripture House, is a historic house museum at 40 King Street in Rockport, Massachusetts that is owned by the Sandy Bay Historical Society.	Sewall-Scripture House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulchén is a city and commune in Bío Bío Province of Bío Bío Region, Chile.	Mulchén	Bío Bío Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Via Tiburtina is an ancient road in Italy leading east-northeast from Rome to Tivoli (Latin, Tibur).	Via Tiburtina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundesstraße 23 (abbreviated to B 23) is a German federal highway (German: Bundesstraße) in Bavaria that runs from Peiting to the Austrian border near Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Bundesstraße 23	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montreal General Hospital (MGH) (French: Hôpital Général de Montréal) is a hospital in Montreal, Quebec (Canada) established in the years 1818-1820.	Montreal General Hospital	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haradski Stadium (Belarusian: Гарадскі стадыён, Russian: Городской стадион; literally ``City Stadium'') is a multi-purpose stadium in Barysaw, Belarus.	Haradski Stadium	Barysaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghalmari or Mogolmari is a village and an archaeological excavation site in the Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal.	Moghalmari	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anheuser-Busch Beer Depot is located at 1207-1215 Jones Street in downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Anheuser-Busch Beer Depot	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powrie Castle is a 16th-century castle located in the north of Dundee, Scotland.	Powrie Castle	Dundee	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengning Manchu Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 丰宁满族自治县; traditional Chinese: 豐寧滿族自治縣; pinyin: Fēngníng Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn; Manchu: ᡶᡝᠩᠨᡳᠩ ᠮᠠᠨᠵᡠ ᠪᡝᠶᡝ ᡩᠠᠰᠠᠩᡤᠠ ᠰᡳᠶᠠᠨ) is a Manchu autonomous county of northern Hebei province, bordering Beijing to the southwest and Inner Mongolia to the north, and lying under the administration of Chengde City.	Fengning Manchu Autonomous County	Chengde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assiniboine Park (formerly known as City Park) is a park in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Assiniboine Park	Winnipeg	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adamowa Góra (adaˈmɔva ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Adamowa Góra	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Academy is a historic Greek Revival school building located on Government Street in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Barton Academy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruby Canyon is a roughly 25 mile (40 km) long canyon on the Colorado River located on the Colorado-Utah border in the western United States, and is a popular destination for rafting.	Ruby Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patak-e Pain (Persian: پتك پائين‎, also Romanized as Pataḵ-e Pā’īn) is a village in Borun Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Patak-e Pain	Borun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazoches-sur-Vesles (also spelt Bazoches-sur-Vesle ``Vesle'' without an ``s'' was officially abandoned) -before 1943 Bazoches- is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Picardy region of northern France.	Bazoches-sur-Vesles	Aisne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canning Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the South West Division in the eastern and south-eastern suburbs of metropolitan Perth.	Canning Land District	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Gurak (Persian: احمد آبا د گورک‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Gūrak; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Gurak	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Godar (Persian: كل گدار‎, also Romanized as Kal Godār) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kal Godar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton Area School District is an urban, suburban, and rural public school district located in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Easton Area School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUBT (101.1 FM, ``101.1 The Beat'') is an American Urban contemporary radio station broadcasting in the Nashville, Tennessee market, under ownership of iHeartMedia, Inc..	WUBT	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulei (Chinese: 古雷; pinyin: Gǔléi; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kó͘-lûi; literally: ``old thunder'') is a town in Zhangpu County in the far south of Fujian province, China.	Gulei	Zhangpu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowthorne is a village and civil parish in the Bracknell Forest district of south-eastern Berkshire.	Crowthorne	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humenné District (okres Humenné (also spelled Homonna, Homonn, Humen, Harwsfalva)) is a district in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Humenné District	Prešov Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Norway is a hamlet located within Camrose County in central Alberta, Canada.	New Norway	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vanšu Bridge (Latvian: Vanšu tilts) in Riga is a cable-stayed bridge that crosses the Daugava river in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Vanšu Bridge	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burton Memorial Tower is a clock tower located on Central Campus at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor at 230 North Ingalls Street.	Burton Memorial Tower	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Antholin, Budge Row, or St Antholin, Watling Street, was a church in the City of London.	St Antholin, Budge Row	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bletherston (Welsh: Trefelen) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Bletherston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichnowo (lixˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lichnowo	Gmina Kramsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Felix Nussbaum Haus is a museum in Osnabrück, Germany, which houses the paintings of German-Jewish painter Felix Nussbaum.	Felix Nussbaum Haus	Osnabrück
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bolingbrook Golf Club, a municipal facility located in Bolingbrook, Illinois, USA, features an 18-hole course designed by golf course architect Arthur Hills.	Bolingbrook Golf Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 44 Stanton Road in Brookline, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved local example of Italianate architecture, and is one of four houses of that style on Stanton Road.	House at 44 Stanton Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morleigh is a small village within the civic parish of Halwell and Moreleigh, the South Hams, and the county of Devon, England.	Morleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alytus District Municipality (Lithuanian: Alytaus rajono savivaldybė) is a municipality in Alytus County, Lithuania, located in the Dzūkija ethnographic region.	Alytus District Municipality	Alytus County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johns Hopkins Carey Business School, also referred to as Carey Business School or JHUCarey or simply Carey, is the business school of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.	Carey Business School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parco del Valentino (also known as Valentino Park) is a popular public park in Turin, Italy.	Parco del Valentino	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Empire Outlets New York City, also known as Harbor Commons, is a proposed 350,000-square-foot retail complex that will feature 100 designer outlets and a 120,000-square-foot hotel.	Empire Outlets	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Table Bluff Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States, which was located on Table Bluff just south of Humboldt Bay.	Table Bluff Light	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Oaks Historic District, or Old Oaks, is a neighborhood just south and east of downtown Columbus, Ohio and is a premiere example of a streetcar suburb in the city.	Old Oaks Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookvale Oval is a sporting ground located within Brookvale Park at Brookvale, New South Wales, Australia.	Brookvale Oval	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atzeneta d'Albaida (Spanish: Adzaneta de Albaida) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida, in the province of Valencia, in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Atzeneta d'Albaida	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sudipen is a fourth class municipality in the province of La Union, the Philippines.	Sudipen	La Union
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glebe House School & Nursery is an independent coeducational day and weekly boarding school for children from the age of six months to 13 years, located in the Victorian seaside town of Hunstanton, Norfolk, England.	Glebe House School	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middleton-by-Wirksworth is an upland village lying approximately one mile NNW of Wirksworth, Derbyshire, formerly known for its lead mines and high quality limestone quarries, including the remarkable underground quarry site at Middleton Mine.	Middleton-by-Wirksworth	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franklin Field is the home of the Penn Relays, and is the University of Pennsylvania's stadium for football, lacrosse and formerly for soccer, field hockey and baseball.	Franklin Field	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Debochitsa is a very sparsely populated and dispersed village in Blagoevgrad Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Debochitsa	Blagoevgrad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javanmard (Persian: جوانمرد‎, also Romanized as Javānmard) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Javanmard	Behi Dehbokri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of San Pellegrino in Vaticano (English: Saint Peregrine in the Vatican) is an ancient Roman Catholic oratory in the Vatican City, located on the Via dei Pellegrini.	San Pellegrino in Vaticano	Vatican City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuchary-Jeżewo (kuˈxarɨ jɛˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuchary-Jeżewo	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pniski (ˈpɲiskʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pniski	Gmina Sławatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church is a historic church at 457 Monmouth Street in The Village Section of Jersey City, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	St. Anthony of Padua Roman Catholic Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moundville Airport (FAA LID: L44) is a privately owned, public-use airport in Hale County, Alabama, United States.	Moundville Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebieszyno (Klaryszewo) (Kashubian: Trzebieszëno, German: Klarashöhe) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trzebieszyno	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goucher College is a private, co-educational, liberal arts college in the northern Baltimore suburb of Towson in unincorporated Baltimore County, Maryland, on a 287-acre (1.2 km²) campus.	Goucher College	Towson	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lockville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the area of a historic mill village in Southampton, Massachusetts.	Lockville Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pugh Island is an inhabited private Baffin Island offshore island located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.	Pugh Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bencombe is a hamlet made up of 9 mainly traditional stone cottages/houses in the parish of Uley and just south west of Owlpen on the edge of the Cotswolds in Gloucestershire, England.	Bencombe	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perriertoppen is the second highest mountain in Svalbard, at 1712 m. It is located in the north east of the island of Spitsbergen.	Perriertoppen	Svalbard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadqansara (Persian: دادقانسرا‎, also Romanized as Dādqānsarā) is a village in Moridan Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dadqansara	Moridan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartwell Dam is a concrete and embankment dam located on the Savannah River at the border of South Carolina and Georgia, creating Lake Hartwell.	Hartwell Dam	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penrhiwfer (Welsh for ``short hill end'') is a village located in the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Penrhiwfer	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ituaçu (alternately spelled Ituassú, Ituassu or Ituacu) is a city in the Chapada Diamantina region of Bahia, Brazil.	Ituaçu	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horseshoe Dam is a dam located North of Phoenix, Arizona.	Horseshoe Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Illinois Salines, also known as the Saline Springs or Great Salt Springs, is a salt spring site located along the Saline River in Gallatin County, Illinois.	Illinois Salines	Gallatin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third Haven Meeting House is generally considered the oldest-surviving Friends meeting house of the Religious Society of Friends, and it is a cornerstone of Quaker history in Talbot County, Maryland.	Third Haven Meeting House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janowicze (janɔˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Janowicze	Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Those in Berlin, Essen and Düsseldorf have been particularly famous; the Lichtburg in Oberhausen is the site of the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen, and Quernheim is the smallest municipality in Germany with a cinema, also called Lichtburg.	Lichtburg	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karikkottakary(കരിക്കോട്ടകരി) is small town located almost 12 km from Iritty of Kannur district, Kerala, India.	Karikkottakary	Kannur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ki Pacheh (Persian: كي پاچه‎, also Romanized as Kī Pācheh and Keypācheh; also known as Kīp Pācheh) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ki Pacheh	Hombarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baveleh-ye Sofla (Persian: باوله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bāveleh-ye Soflá; also known as Bāveleh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baveleh-ye Sofla	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przychojec (pʂɨˈxɔjɛt͡s) (Ukrainian: Прихоєць, Prykhoyets'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leżajsk, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Przychojec	Gmina Leżajsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Devonshire Gardens (officially known as Hotel du Vin at One Devonshire Gardens), is a luxury hotel located in the West End of Glasgow, Scotland.	One Devonshire Gardens	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhuji (simplified Chinese: 诸暨; traditional Chinese: 諸暨; pinyin: Zhūjì) is a county-level city under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Shaoxing in China's southeastern Zhejiang province, located about 40 miles south of Hangzhou.	Zhuji	Shaoxing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Worthington High School (``TWHS'') is a public school in Worthington, Ohio.	Thomas Worthington High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monterey State Beach is a protected beach in California.	Monterey State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gzowice-Folwark (ɡzɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gzowice-Folwark	Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokomo Municipal Airport (IATA: OKK, ICAO: KOKK, FAA LID: OKK) is five miles northeast of Kokomo, in Howard County, Indiana.	Kokomo Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Antonio serves as the seat of Bexar County.	San Antonio	Bexar County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Twin Falls Bridge is a bridge that spans the Menominee River linking Breitung Township, Michigan, to Florence County, Wisconsin.	Upper Twin Falls Bridge	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSNX-FM (``104-5 WSNX'') is a Top 40/Rhythmic radio station located in iHeartMedia, Inc. Grand Rapids, Michigan headquarters.	WSNX-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Hazarat (Persian: كلاته حضرت‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩaz̤arat) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hazarat	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karminek (karˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Karminek	Gmina Dobrzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żabów (ˈʐabuf) (German: Sabow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żabów	Gmina Pyrzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeside College, established in 2006, is a co-educational P-12 school located in Pakenham, Victoria, Australia, associated with the Lutheran Church of Australia.	Lakeside College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retallack village is near St Columb Major, in Cornwall, England (grid reference SW 934658), United Kingdom.	Retallack	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlawn Avenue Row is a set of historic rowhouses located at Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	Woodlawn Avenue Row	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preodac (Cyrillic: Преодац) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Preodac	Bosansko Grahovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson Opera House http://hudsonoperahouse.org/ is located in Hudson, New York.	Hudson Opera House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mystic Dunes Resort & Golf Club (formerly known as Wyndham Palms) resides on over 600 acres (2.4 km2) of rolling hills, Florida nature preserves and tropical landscaping in Celebration, Florida.	Mystic Dunes Resort & Golf Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zidasht (Persian: زيدشت‎, also Romanized as Zīdasht and Zaidasht) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Zidasht	Miyan Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Ipswich Mountain is a summit within the Wapack Range of mountains in south-central New Hampshire, United States.	New Ipswich Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleetwood is a town and civil parish within the Wyre district of Lancashire, England, lying at the northwest corner of the Fylde.	Fleetwood	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźno Wielkie (ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brzeźno Wielkie	Gmina Starogard Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altamont Raceway Park was a motorsports race track located in Alameda County in Northern California between the towns of Tracy and Livermore.	Altamont Raceway Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Fray is a tell, or settlement mound, on the east bank of the Euphrates in Ar-Raqqah Governorate, northern Syria.	Tell Fray	Syria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holywell Music Room is the city of Oxford's chamber music hall, situated on Holywell Street in the city centre, within the grounds of Wadham College.	Holywell Music Room	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Academy at Peckham (also known as the Academy at Peckham, Peckham Academy or Harris Academy Peckham) is a coeducational academy in the town of Peckham, London Borough of Southwark for pupils from the ages of 11 to 18.	Harris Academy at Peckham	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Front Street Block is a series of four connected commercial blocks in the West End of Gloucester, Massachusetts, USA.	Front Street Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks-Brown House, also known as the Brown-Law House, Law Home, and Halfway House, is a historic home located near Dickinson, Franklin County, Virginia.	Brooks-Brown House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Wilfrid Laurier Secondary School is part of the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board and it is located in the neighbourhood of Fallingbrook, in the suburb of Orleans, in Ottawa Ontario, Canada.	Sir Wilfrid Laurier Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qatlish-ye Olya (Persian: قتليش عليا‎, also Romanized as Qatlīsh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Qatlīsh and Kātlīsh) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 419, in 104 families.	Qatlish-ye Olya	Gifan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sniatynka (Ukrainian: Снятинка, Polish: Śniatynka) is a village (selo) in Drohobych Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Sniatynka	Drohobych Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Boulevard Building is a high-rise apartment building located at 234 State Street at the corner of State Street and Washington Boulevard in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Washington Boulevard Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etchebar (Basque: Etxebarre) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Etchebar	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bela Cerkev (pronounced (ˈbeːla ˈtseːɾkɛu̯)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Bela Cerkev	Šmarješke Toplice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Gardeur railway station was on Saint-Paul Street in the Le Gardeur district of Repentigny, Quebec, Canada.	Le Gardeur railway station	Repentigny	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołełąki (ɡɔwɛˈwɔnki) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Latowicz, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gołełąki	Gmina Latowicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongguan Mosque (Chinese: 东关清真寺; pinyin: Dōngguān Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Xining, Qinghai Province, China.	Dongguan Mosque	Xining
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noong Bua is a ward (phường) of Điện Biên Phủ in Điện Biên Province in northwestern Vietnam.	Noong Bua	Điện Biên Phủ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dordon is a village and civil parish in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England and close to the border with Staffordshire.	Dordon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Bears Lake is located in Glacier National Park, in the U. S. state of Montana.	Three Bears Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesaieed (Arabic: مسيعيد‎, also transliterated as Musay'id and Umm Sa'id) is an industrial city in Al Wakrah Municipality in the State of Qatar, approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Doha.	Mesaieed	Qatar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Werrikimbe National Park is a protected national park located in the catchment zone of the Upper Hastings River in New South Wales, Australia.	Werrikimbe National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Guindo (Spanish for the cherry tree, pronounced: (el ˈɡindo) ( )) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	El Guindo	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toghrol Al Jerd District (Persian: بخش طغرالجرد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Toghrol Al Jerd District	Kuhbanan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazrakabad, Zahedan (Persian: بزرک‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bazrakabad, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fowle-Reed-Wyman Houseis a historic First Period house at 64 Old Mystic Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.	Fowle-Reed-Wyman House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paulding County Carnegie Library is a historic Carnegie library in the village of Paulding, Ohio, United States.	Paulding County Carnegie Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colmore Row is a street in the centre of Birmingham, England, running from Victoria Square to just beyond Snow Hill station.	Colmore Row	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niassia (also spelled Nyassia) is a village and commune in Ziguinchor Department, Ziguinchor Region, Casamance, Senegal.	Nyassia	Ziguinchor Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minden-Lübbecke is a Kreis (district) in the northeastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Minden-Lübbecke	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Gong (Persian: قشلاق گنگ‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gong) is a village in Jaru Rural District, Palangabad District, Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Gong	Eshtehard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal River Energy Complex consists of five power-generating plants on a 4,700 acre (1,900 hectare) site at 28°58′N 82°42′W, near the mouth of the Crystal River in Citrus County, Florida.	Crystal River Energy Complex	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanash-e Pain (Persian: وناش پائين‎, also Romanized as Vanāsh-e Pā’īn; also known as Vanāsh) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Vanash-e Pain	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieńkowice (pjɛɲkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pieńkowice	Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Winnipesaukee (/ˌwɪnɪpəˈsɔːki/) is the largest lake in the U.S. state of New Hampshire, located in the Lakes Region.	Lake Winnipesaukee	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lakeview Mountains are a range of low mountains encompassing approximately 30 square miles (80 km2) of land in western Riverside County, Southern California, at the northern end of the Peninsular Ranges System.	Lakeview Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorico is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Milan and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northeast of Como.	Sorico	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Dey Dey is one of many ephemeral salt lakes located in the eastern end of the Great Victoria Desert, in the Far North region of South Australia.	Lake Dey Dey	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBWG-LP (99.1 FM) is a religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fairmont, West Virginia.	WBWG-LP	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzewice (rad͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Hohensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radzewice	Gmina Mosina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverstream is sited at the mouth of a small valley formed by the Wellington Region's notable tectonic activity and, in part, by Hull's Creek, which discharges into the Hutt River.	Silverstream	Wellington Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Valence (in the past also called Sudtone, Town Sutton and Sutton Hastings, see below) is a village about five miles (8 km) SE of Maidstone, Kent, England on the A274 road going south to Headcorn and Tenterden.	Sutton Valence	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welling is a town in the London Borough of Bexley approximately 10.5 miles (16.9 km) east-southeast of Charing Cross, the traditional centre of London.	Welling	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Don Pedro Island is a barrier island in southwest Florida, in Charlotte County.	Don Pedro Island	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pogódki (pɔˈɡutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pogódki	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnbro Community High School is a public high school high school located in Warnbro, 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Perth, Western Australia.	Warnbro Community High School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Edemar'', also known as Stifel Fine Arts Center, is a historic house and national historic district located at Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	Edemar	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Carroll High School (SCHS) is a four-year public high school in Sykesville in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.	South Carroll High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumwater High School is a secondary school in Tumwater, Washington serving grades 9-12 in Thurston County.	Tumwater High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledborough was a former hamlet in the parish of Beaconsfield, in Buckinghamshire, England which has become incorporated into the urban area of the town of Beaconsfield as it rapidly expanded in the early part of the 20th century.	Ledborough	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hill Dam Reserve is a United States Army Corps of Engineers flood control project with a recreational park and wildlife management area located at Uxbridge, Massachusetts.	West Hill Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribby with Wrea is a civil parish also electoral ward in the Borough of Fylde and ceremonial county of Lancashire in England.	Ribby with Wrea	Fylde	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podrochale (pɔdrɔˈxalɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leszno, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podrochale	Gmina Leszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marin Country Day School is an independent coeducational day school serving grades K-8 located in Corte Madera, California.	Marin Country Day School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estelnic (Hungarian: Esztelnek, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛstɛlnɛk)) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania.	Estelnic	Covasna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmersbridge is a hamlet on the A30 main road northeast of Bolventor in Cornwall, England, UK.	Palmersbridge	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Giżyńskie (ˈbudɨ ɡiˈʐɨɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Giżyńskie	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chislehurst railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley in south-east London.	Chislehurst railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghili District (Persian: بخش عقیلی‎‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Aghili District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mediaș (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈmedi.aʃ); German: Mediasch; Hungarian: Medgyes; Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Medwesch) is the second largest city in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania.	Mediaș	Sibiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Nieuweschans (Dutch pronunciation: (bɑt niuʋəsxɑns); English: Bath New Sconce) is a fortified village with a population of 1,510 in the municipality of Oldambt in the Netherlands.	Bad Nieuweschans	Oldambt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purcell Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Purcell Mountains	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzyno-Walędzięta (buˈd͡zɨnɔ valɛnˈd͡ʑɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budzyno-Walędzięta	Gmina Czerwonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treawick, also Traewick, is an uninhabited crofting village in eastern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland.	Treawick	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) is an American professional association of pediatricians, headquartered in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, and maintains its Department of Federal Affairs office in Washington, D.C.	American Academy of Pediatrics	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piechowice (pʲɛxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Petersdorf) is a town in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piechowice	Jelenia Góra County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkington Silver Electroplating Works, was a building on Newhall Street in Birmingham, England.	Elkington Silver Electroplating Works	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Conger Goodyear House is an NRHP listed historic home located at Old Westbury in Nassau County, New York.	A. Conger Goodyear House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvary United Methodist Church is located at 801 48th Street, on the southeast corner of 48th Street & Baltimore Avenue, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Calvary United Methodist Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlinkin is a hamlet in Derbyshire, on the A610 road between the villages of Codnor and Aldercar.	Woodlinkin	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colorado County Courthouse, built in 1890, is an historic government building located at 400 Spring Street in Columbus, Colorado County, Texas.	Colorado County Courthouse	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yonghongqiao Subdistrict (Chinese: 永红桥街道) is a township-level division of Lunan District, Tangshan, Hebei, China.	Yonghongqiao Subdistrict	Lunan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarnetki (sarˈnɛtki), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Sarnetki	Gmina Giby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jevišovice (German: Jaispitz) is the town in the Znojmo District, Czech Republic.	Jevišovice	Znojmo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wszerzecz (ˈfʂɛʐɛt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wszerzecz	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekal Gurab-e Pain (Persian: شكال گوراب پايين‎, also Romanized as Shekāl Gūrāb-e Pā’īn; also known as Shakālgūrāb) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shekal Gurab-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisia Huta (ˈliɕa ˈxuta) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lisia Huta	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Stanley Draper is a reservoir in southeast Oklahoma City, United States.	Lake Stanley Draper	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozwadówka-Folwark (rɔzvaˈdufka ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rozwadówka-Folwark	Gmina Sosnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avanjan (Persian: اونجان‎, also Romanized as Avanjān and Āvenjān; also known as Avangūn and Āvangūn) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Avanjan	Ramjerd-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sreekandamangalam (``The City of Shiva'') is a hamlet which belongs to the township of Athirampuzha and is located in the Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Sreekandamangalam	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hawthorn Bridge is a wrought iron truss bridge across the Yarra River, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Hawthorn Bridge	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smithycroft Secondary School is a coeducational day school in Glasgow.	Smithycroft Secondary School	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mohammad Sabagh (Persian: چاه محمدصباغ‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Moḩammad Sabāgh) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mohammad Sabagh	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Loma (Spanish for Hill House) is a Gothic Revival style house and gardens in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that is now a museum and landmark.	Casa Loma	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafaran (Persian: مافران‎, also Romanized as Māfarān) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mafaran	Beradust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zandeh Kesh (Persian: زنده كش‎) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zandeh Kesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Otter Mill, also known as Forbes Mill, is a historic grist mill located near Bedford, Bedford County, Virginia.	Big Otter Mill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranpur Taluka is a taluka of Botad district, in the state of Gujarat, India.	Ranpur Taluka	Botad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wistanswick is a small village, located in the parish of Stoke upon Tern in Shropshire, England.	Wistanswick	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashdon, is a village and civil parish in Essex, England.	Ashdon	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redeveh (Persian: ردوه‎) is a village in Mahru Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Redeveh	Mahru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Pedro Valley County Park is a San Mateo County park located in Pacifica, California, which includes the headwaters of San Pedro Creek.	San Pedro Valley County Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Deraz (Persian: دشت دراز‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Derāz) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Deraz	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balsams Grand Resort Hotel is a grand hotel and ski resort located in Dixville Notch in New Hampshire, United States.	The Balsams Grand Resort Hotel	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Havana Water Tower is a historic water tower which stands in Havana, Illinois.	Havana Water Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Gwillimbury is a town on the East Holland River in the Regional Municipality of York.	East Gwillimbury	Regional Municipality of York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Corps Depot of Supplies, Schuylkill Warehouse was a historic warehouse located in the Schuylkill neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Marine Corps Depot of Supplies, Schuylkill Warehouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esmailiyeh-ye Yek (Persian: اسماعيليه يك‎, also Romanized as Esmā``īlīyeh-ye Yek) is a village in Muran Rural District, in the Soveyseh District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 603, in 122 families.	Esmailiyeh-ye Yek	Muran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	This first bronze casting was entitled The Spirit of Haida Gwaii, the Black Canoe and is now displayed outside the Canadian Embassy in Washington, D.C. The second bronze casting, entitled The Spirit of Haida Gwaii, the Jade Canoe, was first displayed at the Canadian Museum of History in 1994.	Spirit of Haida Gwaii	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj Sukhteh-ye Sofla (Persian: برج سوخته سفلي‎, also Romanized as Borj Sūkhteh-ye Soflá; also known as Boneh Seyyed Naşrollāh and Boneh-ye Seyyed Naşrollāh) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Borj Sukhteh-ye Sofla	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murhareh (Persian: مور هره‎, also Romanized as Mūrḩareh) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Murhareh	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Ahmad Chaleh Pey (Persian: بالااحمدچاله پي‎, also Romanized as Bālā Aḩmad Chāleh Pey) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Ahmad Chaleh Pey	Lalehabad Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Baghi (Persian: يك باغي‎, also Romanized as Yek Bāghī and Yak Bāghī) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Yek Baghi	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sazes do Lorvão is a parish in Penacova Municipality, Portugal.	Sazes do Lorvão	Penacova
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balearic Islands (/ˌbæliˈærᵻk ˈaɪləndz/; Catalan: Illes Balears (ˈiʎəz bələˈas); Spanish: Islas Baleares (ˈizlaz βaleˈaɾes)) are an archipelago of Spain in the western Mediterranean Sea, near the eastern coast of the Iberian Peninsula.	Balearic Islands	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luckenwalde (German pronunciation: (lʊkənˈvaldə)) is the capital of the Teltow-Fläming district in the German state of Brandenburg.	Luckenwalde	Teltow-Fläming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walhalla Cricket Ground is a landmark in Walhalla, Victoria, Australia.	Walhalla Cricket Ground	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connecticut River Greenway State Park is a Massachusetts state park consisting of separate state land holdings, including open spaces, parks, scenic vistas, archaeological sites, and historic sites, along the Connecticut River in the Pioneer Valley of western Massachusetts.	Connecticut River Greenway State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallington Reservoirs are located near the small village of Colwell, Northumberland, England on the B6342 road off the A68 road, and 7 miles (11 km) north of Corbridge.	Hallington Reservoirs	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFGE (98.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format licensed to Milford, Nebraska, USA.	KFGE	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	CICR-FM, branded as Parrsboro Community Radio, is a Canadian community radio station operating in Parrsboro, Nova Scotia.	CICR-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzdrowo (puzˈdrɔvɔ) (Kashubian: Pùzdrowò) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Puzdrowo	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greensboro Arboretum (17 acres) is an arboretum located in Lindley Park at 401 Ashland Drive, Greensboro, North Carolina.	Greensboro Arboretum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poplar High School is a high school (grades 9--12) in the small town of Poplar, Roosevelt County, Montana.	Poplar High School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Flat Lake is an artificial lake in the Sierra Nevada foothills of eastern Fresno County, California and provides the western north-south border to the Sierra- and Sequoia National Forests, about 30 mi (48 km) east of Fresno.	Pine Flat Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dokuheh Rural District (Persian: دهستان دوكوهه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dokuheh Rural District	Seh Qaleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birnie Kirk is a Church of Scotland church situated 4 km south of Elgin, in Moray, northeast Scotland.	Birnie Kirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology (formerly the Lowie Museum of Anthropology) is an anthropology museum located in Berkeley, California on the University of California, Berkeley campus.	Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butte Falls Ranger Station, located in Rogue River National Forest in Butte Falls, Oregon, was built in 1935 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.	Butte Falls Ranger Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillian Schnitzer Fountain is an outdoor 1875 fountain and bronze sculpture by J. Warrington Wood, installed outside Hermann Park's Houston Garden Center in Houston, Texas, United States.	Lillian Schnitzer Fountain	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokotów (Polish pronunciation: (mɔˈkɔtuf)) is a dzielnica (borough, district) of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.	Mokotów	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Arash (Persian: حاج ارش‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Arash; also known as Hājī Arash, Ḩājjī Ārash, Ḩājjī Arash, Ḩājjī Arsh, Hājrāsh, and Khadzhrash) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hajj Arash	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arena Po is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southeast of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia.	Arena Po	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Nazer (Persian: باغ ناظر‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nāz̧er and Bāgh Nāz̧er) is a village in Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Nazer	Chenarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birken Forest Buddhist Monastery, or Sītavana (Pali: ``Cool Forest''), is a Theravada Buddhist monastery in the Thai Forest Tradition near Kamloops, British Columbia.	Birken Forest Buddhist Monastery	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathesons Bay or Te Kohuroa is a small beach in the Rodney district of the Auckland Region of New Zealand.	Mathesons Bay	Auckland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clearwater Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains, located in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States.	Clearwater Mountains	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baile Boidheach (Scottish Gaelic: Am Baile Bòidheach) is a hamlet in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Baile Boidheach	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuchkov Bridge (Russian: Ту́чков мост) is the bridge across Malaya Neva (a distributary of Neva river) in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Tuchkov Bridge	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thandukode is a village beside Madumala in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala.	Thandukode	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cemetery Ridge is a geographic feature in Gettysburg National Military Park, south of the town of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, that figured prominently in the Battle of Gettysburg, July 1 to July 3, 1863.	Cemetery Ridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morganza Spillway or Morganza Control Structure is a flood-control structure in the U.S. state of Louisiana along the western bank of the Mississippi River at river mile 280, near Morganza in Pointe Coupee Parish.	Morganza Spillway	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raina II (community development block) (also spelled Rayna and called Rainagar) (Bengali: রায়না II সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raina II (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muri, formerly known as Muri (Freiamt), is a municipality in southeastern Swiss Canton Aargau and is the capital of same district.	Muri	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht-e Zarrin Choqa (Persian: پشتزرين چقا‎‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Zarrīn Choqā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Posht-e Zarrin Choqa	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garibaldi-Meucci Museum, formerly known as the Garibaldi Memorial, is a circa 1840 Gothic Revival cottage in the Rosebank section of Staten Island, New York.	Garibaldi-Meucci Museum	Staten Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 519, formerly known as The 519 Church Street Community Centre, is an agency of the City of Toronto and a Canadian charitable, non-profit organization that operates a community centre in the Church and Wellesley neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario.	The 519	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamal Chub Sar (Persian: كمل چوبسر‎, also Romanized as Kamal Chūb Sar) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kamal Chub Sar	Sajjadrud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The African American Museum and Library at Oakland (AAMLO) is a museum and non-circulating library dedicated to preserving the history and experiences of African Americans in Northern California and the Bay Area.	African American Museum and Library at Oakland	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åled is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 1,634 inhabitants as of 2010.	Åled	Halmstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porosły (pɔˈrɔswɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Porosły	Gmina Choroszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Greater Geraldton is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia, 424 kilometres (263 mi) north of the state capital, Perth on the Indian Ocean.	City of Greater Geraldton	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conseil scolaire de district catholique des Aurores boréales oversees 10 French language Catholic schools in Thunder Bay District, Ontario, Canada.	Conseil scolaire de district catholique des Aurores boréales	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blevio (Lombard: Biev or Blef (Western Lombard)) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Milan and about 2 kilometres (1 mi) northeast of Como.	Blevio	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fläscherberg (also known as Regitzer Spitz) is a mountain of the Rätikon, overlooking the Rhine in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Fläscherberg	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roverud is a village (in Norwegian a tettsted) of 800 people (as of 2011) in the municipality of Kongsvinger.	Roverud	Kongsvinger
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrickbanagher (Irish: Carraig Beannchar, translated as Rock of the Points) is a townland in County Sligo, Ireland located between the towns of Collooney and Ballymote.	Carrickbanagher	County Sligo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tule Springs in Las Vegas, Nevada, is one of the larger urban retreats in the Las Vegas Valley.	Tule Springs	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Coniscliffe is a parish and village in the borough of Darlington and ceremonial county of County Durham, England.	High Coniscliffe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaviyeh (Persian: زاويه‎, also Romanized as Zāvīyeh and Zāvyeh; also known as Shahr-e Zāvīyeh and Zārīyeh) is a city in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zaviyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacred Heart Medical Center Heliport (FAA LID: OR69) is a private heliport located at the Sacred Heart Medical Center near the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Lane County, Oregon, United States.	Sacred Heart Medical Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's Museum is a small university museum operated by the University of Aberdeen.	King's Museum	Aberdeen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fencott and Murcott is a civil parish about 4 miles (6 km) south of Bicester in the Cherwell district of Oxfordshire, England.	Fencott and Murcott	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferhadlu (Persian: فرهادلو‎, also Romanized as Ferhādlū) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ferhadlu	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	On October 30, 1959, Piedmont Airlines Flight 349, a Douglas DC-3, crashed on Bucks Elbow Mountain near Crozet, Virginia, killing the crew of three and all but one of its twenty-four passengers.	Piedmont Airlines Flight 349	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Cheshmeh (Persian: گاوچشمه‎, also Romanized as Gāv Cheshmeh) is a village in Harirud Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gav Cheshmeh	Harirud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maittanpatti is a small village in Tirumangalam Taluk of Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Maittanpatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kooringal High School (abbreviated KHS) is a secondary high school and a partially selective, co-educational, public high school, located in the Wagga Wagga suburb of Kooringal, New South Wales, Australia.	Kooringal High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Tah (Persian: چاه ته‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Tah) is a village in Golshan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Tah	Golshan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harry Evans Covered Bridge is a single span Burr Arch Truss structure that crosses Rock Run built in 1908 by J.A. Britton 1/2 mile north of Coxville, Indiana.	Harry Evans Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poly Prep Country Day School (known familiarly as Poly Prep) is an independent school with two campuses in Brooklyn, New York.	Poly Prep Country Day School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donoho School is a private school in Anniston, Alabama that was honored by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program in 2005.	The Donoho School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darnhall Mains is a fam and settlement off the A703, near Eddleston and the Eddleston Water in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former Peeblesshire.	Darnhall Mains	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadoshkinsky District (Russian: Кадо́шкинский райо́н; Moksha: Кадажень аймак; Erzya: Кадоньбуе) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Kadoshkinsky District	Republic of Mordovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geneva Lake is a body of freshwater in Walworth County in southeastern Wisconsin.	Geneva Lake	Walworth County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower East Side I Infill, or Lower East Side Infill #1, is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.	Lower East Side I Infill	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartiere Varesina is a small district, quartiere, of Milan, located in the suburban north-west part of the city.	Quartiere Varesina	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talerddig is a village in Powys, mid Wales, located on the main A470 road between Llanbrynmair and Carno.	Talerddig	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Athan (Welsh: Sain Tathan) is a village and community in the Vale of Glamorgan in South Wales.	St Athan	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosneath (Ros Neimhidh in Gaelic) is a village in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Rosneath	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rubarabr (Persian: روبرابر‎, also Romanized as Rūbarābr) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rubarabr	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudawal (रूदावल) is a town in Bharatpur district, Rajasthan, India.	Rudawal	Bharatpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostam Mahalleh (Persian: رستم محله‎, also Romanized as Rostam Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rostam Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elgnowo (ɛlɡˈnɔvɔ) (German Elgenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Elgnowo	Gmina Dąbrówno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesiapalli is a small census village in Nayagarh district of Indian state, Odisha.	Kesiapalli	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National New York Central Railroad Museum (reporting mark NNYX) is a railroad museum located in Elkhart, Indiana dedicated to the preservation of the New York Central Railroad (NYC).	National New York Central Railroad Museum	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sävsjö Municipality (Sävsjö kommun) is a municipality in Jönköping County, southern Sweden where the town Sävsjö is seat.	Sävsjö Municipality	Jönköping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanging Bridge is a medieval bridge spanning the Hanging Ditch, which connected the rivers Irk and Irwell in Manchester, England.	Hanging Bridge	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šajinovac (Serbian: Шајиновац) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šajinovac	Drvar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelnhausen is a town and the capital of the Main-Kinzig-Kreis, in Hesse, Germany.	Gelnhausen	Main-Kinzig-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świelino (ɕfjɛˈlinɔ) (German Schwellin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Świelino	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadiki College, also known as Collège Sadiki (Tunisian Arabic: المدرسة الصادقية‎, ``El-Sadqiya High School''), is a lycée (high school) in Tunis, Tunisia.	Sadiki College	Tunis
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJLZ is a Contemporary Christian, Christian Rock, and Christian Hip Hop formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Virginia Beach, Virginia, serving the Southside of Hampton Roads.	WJLZ	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdeh Zaylu (Persian: گرده زايلو‎, also Romanized as Gerdeh Zāylū; also known as Gerdvānlī) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Zaylu	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemmatabad-e Chalaki (Persian: همت ابادچالاكي‎, also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Chālāḵī) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hemmatabad-e Chalaki	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishwick is a small medieval village and farm in the Scottish Borders, in the traditional county of Berwickshire.	Fishwick	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foster/Bell House is an historic residence located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.	Foster/Bell House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Indian Lake is a community located on the southeast shore of Southern Indian Lake in Manitoba Canada, about 130 km (81 mi) (by air) north of the city of Thompson.	South Indian Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goshen Valley is a 17-mi (27 km) long valley located in southern Utah County, Utah, and the valley forms part of its southeast border with the Wasatch Front, and parts of the Wasatch Range.	Goshen Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Texas Canyon is located in Cochise County, Arizona about 20 miles east of Benson on Interstate 10 and lies between the Little Dragoon Mountains on the north and the Dragoon Mountains to the south.	Texas Canyon	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNSH (1550 AM, ``Talk 1550'') is a radio station serving the Amarillo, Texas, area with a talk radio format.	KNSH	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trotton with Chithurst is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England.	Trotton with Chithurst	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Bisheh-ye Sofla (Persian: سربيشه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sar Bīsheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Bisheh-ye Sofla	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanegrun (Persian: كنگرون‎, also Romanized as Kanegrūn) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kanegrun	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gregorio State Beach is a beach near San Gregorio, California, USA, south of Half Moon Bay.	San Gregorio State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronx High School for Writing and Communication Arts is a public high school located in the New York City borough of The Bronx.	High School for Writing and Communication Arts	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hessisch Lichtenau is a small town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in eastern Hesse, Germany.	Hessisch Lichtenau	Werra-Meißner-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Osakis is a lake in Todd and Douglas counties in west-central Minnesota.	Lake Osakis	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duns Tew is a village and civil parish about 7 1⁄2 miles (12 km) south of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Duns Tew	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harry F. Sinclair House is a mansion at 2 East 79th Street at Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, that houses the Ukrainian Institute of America, which promotes art and literature by hosting exhibitions open to public, among other means.	Harry F. Sinclair House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isle of Normandy or Normandy Island or Normandy Isles or Normandy Isle is a neighborhood of North Beach in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States.	Isle of Normandy	Miami Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wet Mountains are a small mountain range in southern Colorado, named for the amount of snow they receive in the winter.	Wet Mountains	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baskul Amid (Persian: باسكول اميد‎, also Romanized as Bāsḵūl Āmīd) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Baskul Amid	Kohanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyun District (simplified Chinese: 密云区; traditional Chinese: 密雲區; pinyin: Mìyún Qū) is situated in northeast Beijing.	Miyun District	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nixyaawii Community School is a public charter school in Pendleton, Oregon, United States serving the Native American population.	Nixyaawii Community School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Günnüt (also, Gyunnyut and Gyunut-Dzhafarlu) is a village in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan.	Günnüt	Sharur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Hill State Park is located on FM 1382 and the eastern shore of Joe Pool Lake in Cedar Hill, Texas (USA), ten miles southwest of Dallas.	Cedar Hill State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouro Fino is a city situated in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeastern Region of Brazil.	Ouro Fino	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Ebrahim (Persian: دره ابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Ebrāhīm and Darreh Ebrāhīm) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Ebrahim	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limbadi (Greek: Lymbados) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Vibo Valentia.	Limbadi	Province of Vibo Valentia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Marta al Collegio Romano is a deconsecrated church located in the Piazza del Collegio Romano in the Rione Pigna of Rome, Italy.	Santa Marta al Collegio Romano	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukanapalli also spelled as Kookanapalli (Kannada: ಕೂಕನಪಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Koppal taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kukanapalli	Koppal district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullock Correctional Facility is a medium level security Alabama Department of Corrections prison located in unincorporated Bullock County, Alabama, near Union Springs.	Bullock Correctional Facility	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lairmont Manor, also known as the Larrabee House, is a 1914 Italian Renaissance style home located in Bellingham, Washington.	Lairmont Manor	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minterne Magna is a village and civil parish in Dorset, England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district on the A352 road halfway between Dorchester and Sherborne.	Minterne Magna	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazar-e Khosrowjerd (Persian: مزارخسروجرد‎, also Romanized as Mazār-e Khosrowjerd) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazar-e Khosrowjerd	Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTLB (105.9 FM) is a radio station that broadcasts from Fort Dodge, Iowa (licensed to Twin Lakes, Iowa).	KTLB	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharbashan (Persian: شرباشن‎, also Romanized as Sharbāshan) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sharbashan	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Di Fara Pizza is a pizzeria located at 1424 Avenue J in the Midwood section of Brooklyn, New York City.	Di Fara Pizza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sembanarkoil (formerly Semponnarkoil) is a panchayat town in Tranquebar taluk in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Sembanarkoil	Nagapattinam district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luzhai County (simplified Chinese: 鹿寨县; traditional Chinese: 鹿寨縣; pinyin: Lùzhài Xiàn; Standard Zhuang: Luzcai Yen) is under the administration of Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Luzhai County	Liuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muş Province (Turkish: Muş ili) is a province in eastern Turkey.	Muş Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 4 Birch Avenue in Methuen, Massachusetts is a Bungalow-style house built c. 1910.	House at 4 Birch Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaisalı is a small city and a district in Adana Province of Turkey, administratively a part of the Metropolitan Municipality of Adana.	Karaisalı	Adana Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Shipsey House, located at 1266 Mill St. in San Luis Obispo, California, is a historic house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	William Shipsey House	San Luis Obispo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dłużyna Dolna (dwuˈʐɨna ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Dłużyna Dolna	Gmina Pieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardesi (Persian: اردسي‎, also Romanized as Ardesī) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ardesi	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcata Wastewater Treatment Plant and Wildlife Sanctuary is an innovative sewer management system employed by the city of Arcata, California.	Arcata Wastewater Treatment Plant and Wildlife Sanctuary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zimny Dwór (ˈʑimnɨ ˈdvur) (Cold Court in English)is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zimny Dwór	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Ford Bell Library is a special collection of the University of Minnesota Libraries located on the University of Minnesota Minneapolis campus.	James Ford Bell Library	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elliott Museum, located at 825 N.E. Ocean Blvd. on Hutchinson Island in Stuart, Florida, United States, focuses on art, history, and technology.	Elliott Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Hadd (Persian: چهارحد‎, also Romanized as Chahār Ḩadd and Chahār Ḩad; also known as Chahār Hāt, Chār Ḩadd, and Chārhāt) is a village in Duzaj Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chahar Hadd	Duzaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tandarak (Persian: تندرك‎; also known as ``Omarābād) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 21 families.	Tandarak	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Teresa CD is a Spanish women's football club based in Badajoz (Extremadura).	Santa Teresa CD	Badajoz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłków-Kolonia (ˈmiu̯kuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Miłków-Kolonia	Gmina Siemień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reserve Mines (2009 pop.: 2,402) is a community in Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Regional Municipality.	Reserve Mines	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalyves (Greek: Καλύβες) is a large village in Crete, Greece, the main village in the municipal unit of Armenoi.	Kalyves	Armenoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Hauser Centre (formerly the Communiplex) is a multi-purpose arena in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Art Hauser Centre	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheaf Square is a municipal square lying immediately east of the city centre of Sheffield, England.	Sheaf Square	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wang Tau Hom (Chinese: 橫頭磡) is an area in mid-north New Kowloon of Hong Kong.	Wang Tau Hom	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Reigny is a village in the Eden District, in the English county of Cumbria, near the town of Penrith.	Newton Reigny	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latrobe River (or sometimes La Trobe or LaTrobe) is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Latrobe River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver Golf Club, located in the Canadian city of Coquitlam, British Columbia, is the oldest golf club in the Lower Mainland.	Vancouver Golf Club	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lifuta Town (simplified Chinese: 利福塔镇; traditional Chinese: 利福塔鎮; pinyin: Lifuta Zhen) is an urban town in Sangzhi County, Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, China.	Lifuta	Sangzhi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guangzong County (simplified Chinese: 广宗县; traditional Chinese: 廣宗縣; pinyin: Guǎngzōng Xiàn) is under the jurisdiction of Xingtai City in southern Hebei province, China.	Guangzong County	Xingtai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrabad-e Kord (Persian: شهرابادكرد‎, also Romanized as Shahrābād-e Kord) is a village in Ghazi Rural District, Samalqan District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrabad-e Kord	Ghazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moshkabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان مشك آباد‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Moshkabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamadhenu (Dharwad) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Kamadhenu (Dharwad)	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Gel Kan (Persian: ده گل كن‎, also Romanized as Deh Gelkan) is a village in Bikah Rural District, Bikah District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh Gel Kan	Bikah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Street is a north-south thoroughfare in San Francisco, California, in the United States.	Montgomery Street	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahwah River is a tributary of the Ramapo River in Rockland County, New York and Bergen County, New Jersey in the United States.	Mahwah River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caddonfoot (Scottish Gaelic: Bun Chadain) is a village on the River Tweed, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, on the A707, near Galashiels.	Caddonfoot	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racięcin (raˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Racięcin	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haaksbergen ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the province of Overijssel, in the Twente region.	Haaksbergen	Overijssel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gateway Motorsports Park (formerly Gateway International Raceway) is a race track in Madison, Illinois, just east of St. Louis, Missouri.	Gateway Motorsports Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leamy Lake (in French: Lac Leamy) is a lake in the Hull sector of Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Leamy Lake	Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park, which includes the Coe Hall Historic House Museum, is an arboretum and state park covering over 400 acres (160 ha) located in the village of Upper Brookville in the town of Oyster Bay, New York.	Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Traverse Bay Bottomland Preserve is a preservation area that encompasses all of Grand Traverse Bay, a bay of Lake Michigan, in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Grand Traverse Bay Bottomland Preserve	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Marivani (Persian: تازه ابادمريواني‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Marīvānī) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Marivani	Haft Ashiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	R. Nelson Snider High School is a secondary school in the Fort Wayne Community Schools system, serving the north central and northeast neighborhoods of Fort Wayne, Indiana.	R. Nelson Snider High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eggerss-O'Flyng Building is located at 801 South 15th Street in downtown Omaha, Nebraska, United States.	Eggerss-O'Flyng Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapelo Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse in Georgia, United States, near the southern tip of Sapelo Island.	Sapelo Island Light	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The other continuing industry, tourism, began after World War II. The Lord Howe Island Group is part of the state of New South Wales that, for legal purposes, is regarded as an unincorporated area administered by the Lord Howe Island Board which reports to the New South Wales Minister for Environment and Heritage.	Lord Howe Island	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairview-Riverside State Park is a tourist attraction 2 miles (3.2 km) east of Madisonville, Louisiana.	Fairview-Riverside State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Vali Beyk (Persian: محمدولي بيك‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Valī Beyk and Moḩammad Valī Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Vali Beyk	Dorungar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lennebergwald is a forest in the north of Rheinhessen in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.	Lennebergwald	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thouaré-sur-Loire (Breton ``Tarvieg'') is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.	Thouaré-sur-Loire	Loire-Atlantique
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markotów Mały (marˈkɔtuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Markotów Mały	Gmina Wołczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaghuz Kaleh (Persian: شاغوزكله‎, also Romanized as Shāghūz Kaleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shaghuz Kaleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokołowo-Kolonia (sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sokołowo-Kolonia	Gmina Brześć Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawson City Airport (IATA: YDA, ICAO: CYDA) is located 8 nautical miles (15 km; 9.2 mi) east of Dawson City, Yukon, Canada, in the Klondike River valley, and is operated by the Yukon government.	Dawson City Airport	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przydargiń (pʂɨˈdarɡiɲ) (German Priddargen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przydargiń	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johnson Chapel Missionary Baptist Church (also known as the Osprey Baptist Church) is a historic church in Laurel, Florida.	Johnson Chapel Missionary Baptist Church	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankenviertel (banking district) is the name of the central business district in Frankfurt, Germany.	Bankenviertel	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shumar Gewog (Dzongkha: ཤུ་མར་) is a gewog (village block) of Pemagatshel District, Bhutan.	Shumar Gewog	Pemagatshel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemyje-Skłody (ɲɛˈmɨjɛ ˈskwɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudka, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Niemyje-Skłody	Gmina Rudka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humboldt Cave is an archeological site in Churchill County, Nevada, USA that is one of the earliest documented human habitations in North America.	Humboldt Cave	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kettwig is the southernmost borough of the city of Essen in western Germany and, until 1975, was a town in its own right.	Kettwig	Essen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardchonnell is a settlement on Loch Awe in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Ardchonnell	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunnefjorden (English: Bunne Fjord) is the innermost part of the Oslofjord in south eastern Norway, located east of the Nesodden peninsula.	Bunnefjorden	Nesodden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winnipeg Capital Region is a metropolitan area located in the Red River Valley in the south central portion of the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Winnipeg Capital Region	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old White Mill, also known as Sterling Mill and Pinnock Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Meshoppen, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania.	Old White Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Julan (Persian: تنگ جولان‎, also Romanized as Tang Jūlān) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang Julan	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabanqoli (Persian: قبان قلي‎, also Romanized as Qābānqolī; also known as Qābān ``Alī and Qabānglu) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 7 families.	Qabanqoli	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steklno (ˈstɛklnɔ) (formerly German Stecklin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Steklno	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plebania Wola (plɛˈbaɲa ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Plebania Wola	Gmina Dębowa Kłoda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sommêtres (1,079 m) are a chain of rocks overlooking the Doubs, north of Le Noirmont in the canton of Canton of Jura.	Sommêtres	Canton of Jura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westover Church is a historic church located 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Charles City off Virginia State Route 5 in Charles City, Virginia, United States.	Westover Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Causeway Bay Books (銅鑼灣書店), is an independent bookstore and upstairs bookstore in Hong Kong.	Causeway Bay Books	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitlochry railway station serves the town of Pitlochry in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Pitlochry railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairlane Green also known as ``The Hill'', is a power center in the United States city of Allen Park, Michigan.	Fairlane Green	Allen Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuch Elqar (Persian: كوچ القار‎, also Romanized as Kūch Elqār; also known as Kūch and Kooch Mo’men Abad) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuch Elqar	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykhlan (Persian: شيخلان‎, also Romanized as Sheykhlān) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sheykhlan	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anthony Holmead Archeological Site, at Mitchell Park, is a historic site located at 1801 23rd Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in the Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood.	Anthony Holmead Archeological Site	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulverton is a small town and civil parish in the heart of West Somerset, England, near the border with Devon.	Dulverton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinczyn (ˈpint͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pinczyn	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korbeek-Dijle is a village in the Belgian province Flemish Brabant and is part of the municipality of Bertem.	Korbeek-Dijle	Bertem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbie Greenleaf Library is the public library in Franconia, New Hampshire.	Abbie Greenleaf Library	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crucible Theatre is a theatre built in 1971 in the city centre of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.	Crucible Theatre	Sheffield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Rubah (Persian: چشمه روباه‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rūbāh and Chashmeh Rūbāh; also known as Chashmeh Rībāt, Cheshmeh Robāţ, and Rūbāh) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Rubah	Khosrowabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubiszynek Pierwszy (lubiˈʂɨnɛk ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostaszewo, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lubiszynek Pierwszy	Gmina Ostaszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smerzyn (ˈsmɛʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Smerzyn	Gmina Łabiszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starling Inlet or Sha Tau Kok Hoi (Chinese: 沙頭角海) is a harbour in northeast New Territories, Hong Kong.	Starling Inlet	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dartmouth Yacht Club is a yacht club located in Wright's Cove in Halifax Harbour's Bedford Basin next to Burnside Industrial Park in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia Canada.	Dartmouth Yacht Club	Halifax	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poughkeepsie Almshouse and City Infirmary is a historic almshouse and infirmary complex located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Poughkeepsie Almshouse and City Infirmary	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chociwle (xɔˈt͡ɕivlɛ) (German Friedrichsfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chociwle	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanwood IOOF Public Hall, in Stanwood, Washington, is a building that was constructed in 1902.	Stanwood IOOF Public Hall	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narsarsuk Glacier is a glacier in the southeastern Byam Martin Mountains of Bylot Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Narsarsuk Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Promnice (prɔmˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Premnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonak, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Promnice	Gmina Czerwonak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marford and Hoseley is still, however, a separate ward of Wrexham County Borough, having a population of 2,458 at the 2001 census.	Marford	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niagara Falls (/naɪˈæɡrə/, Cayuga: Gahnawehtaˀ or Tgahnawęhtaˀ) is the collective name for three waterfalls that straddle the international border between Canada and the United States; more specifically, between the province of Ontario and the state of New York.	Niagara Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makoszyn (maˈkɔʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Makoszyn	Gmina Bieliny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gola Dzierżoniowska (ˈɡɔla d͡ʑerʐɔˈɲɔfska) (German: Guhlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemcza, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gola Dzierżoniowska	Gmina Niemcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torre del Oro (English: ``Tower of Gold'') is a dodecagonal military watchtower in Seville, southern Spain, built by the Almohad dynasty in order to control access to Seville via the Guadalquivir river.	Torre del Oro	Seville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Windy Hill Fitness Centre is a multipurpose aquatic facility and health club in Essendon, Victoria.	Windy Hill Fitness Centre	Essendon, Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place Saint-Michel is a public square in the Latin Quarter, on the borderline between the fifth and sixth arrondissements of Paris, France.	Place Saint-Michel	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilanko Forks is an unincorporated settlement as well as a First Nations community of the Tsilhqot'in people, lcoated on the north bank of the Chilanko River just northeast of Tatla Lake, and immediately south of Puntzi Lake, in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia.	Chilanko Forks	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuman Ahmad (Persian: تومان احمد‎, also Romanized as Tūmān Aḩmad) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tuman Ahmad	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Alilu (Persian: پيرعليلو‎, also Romanized as Pīr ``Alīlū; also known as Pīr ``Alī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 16 families.	Pir Alilu	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgeton Central railway station was located in Glasgow, Scotland and served the Bridgeton area of that city.	Bridgeton Central railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naghar ia a small village located in the Bageshwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.	Naghar	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowkardar (Persian: نوكردار‎, also Romanized as Nowkardār) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nowkardar	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corbiac chapel is a historic chapel and former monastery located in the French Pyrenees (département Pyrénées-Orientales) between the villages of Molitg-les-Bains and Mosset.	Corbiac chapel	Mosset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gordon Dam, also known as the Gordon River Dam, is a major gated double curvature concrete arch dam with a controlled spillway across the Gordon River, located in South West Tasmania, Australia.	Gordon Dam	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierentz (French pronunciation: ​(siʁɛnts); Alsatian: Siarez; German: Sierenz) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Sierentz	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Deer County is a municipal district in central Alberta, Canada within Census Division No. 8 and surrounding the City of Red Deer.	Red Deer County	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albany Research Center, now part of National Energy Technology Laboratory (NETL), is a U.S. Department of Energy laboratory staffed by Federal employees located in Albany, Oregon.	Albany Research Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Osos Oaks State Natural Reserve is a California State Park in western San Luis Obispo County, in the Central Coast of California region.	Los Osos Oaks State Natural Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lateri (Hindi: लटेरी) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Vidisha district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Lateri	Vidisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabney S. Lancaster Community College (DSLCC) is one of 23 public community colleges in the Virginia Community College System.	Dabney S. Lancaster Community College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Helmut Ullrich Astronomical Observatory is situated on Col Druscie, a mountain peak in the Dolomites located within Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.	Helmut Ullrich Astronomical Observatory	Cortina d'Ampezzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Letchmore Heath is a village in Hertfordshire in England, situated about three miles east of Watford.	Letchmore Heath	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenley Church End is a village, district and civil parish in Milton Keynes England.	Shenley Church End	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary is a 300 acres (120 ha; 0.47 sq mi) constructed wetland in Irvine, California, in the flood plain of San Diego Creek just above its outlet into the Upper Newport Bay.	San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherrybrook Technology High School was officially opened on 15 May 1992 by the Hon Nick Greiner (who was the Premier of New South Wales at the time).	Cherrybrook Technology High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colwell Cut Viaduct, also known as Hogback Hill Bridge, is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Mahoning Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.	Colwell Cut Viaduct	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewknor is a village and civil parish about 5 miles (8 km) south of Thame in Oxfordshire, Close to the borders of nearby Buckinghamshire.	Lewknor	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radmanići (Serbian Cyrillic: Радманићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Radmanići	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharag (Persian: شارگ‎, also Romanized as Shārag; also known as Qal``eh-ye Shārak and Shārak) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,058, in 218 families.	Sharag	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgleniec (vɛŋˈɡlɛɲɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Węgleniec	Gmina Jędrzejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajarak-e Pain (Persian: تجرك پائين‎, also Romanized as Tajarak-e Pā'īn) is a village in Abali Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tajarak-e Pain	Abali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 92 Willard Street in Quincy, Massachusetts, is, somewhat oddly, believed to be the only granite house ever built in the city, which is well known for its granite quarries.	House at 92 Willard Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumeshteh Mowmenabad (Persian: رومشته مؤمن آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Rūmeshteh Mow'menābād; also known as Mow'menābād) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rumeshteh Mowmenabad	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catawissa Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meetinghouse at South and 3rd Streets in Catawissa, Columbia County, Pennsylvania.	Catawissa Friends Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Mohammadi (Persian: بيدمحمدي‎, also Romanized as Bīd Moḩammadī; also known as Rūd Shīr-e Bālā and Rūd Shīr-e Bīd Moḩammadī) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Mohammadi	Khafri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assabet Valley Regional Technical High School (AVRTHS) is a vocational school in the city of Marlborough, Massachusetts.	Assabet Valley Regional Technical High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przyspa (ˈpʂɨspa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuczbork-Osada, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przyspa	Gmina Kuczbork-Osada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brevard College is a small, private, United Methodist, liberal arts college in Brevard, North Carolina, United States.	Brevard College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suroshan (Persian: سورشان‎, also Romanized as Sūroshān and Sorshan; also known as Shūrshānī and Sūrshānī) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Suroshan	Niyarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Bluff Dam is a dam in the Pecos River, situated about 40 miles (approx. 64 kilometers) north of Pecos, Texas.	Red Bluff Dam	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamdari (Persian: علمداري‎, also Romanized as ``Alamdārī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 12 families.	Alamdari	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevry-en-Sereine is a commune located in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Chevry-en-Sereine	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozwarowo (rɔzvaˈrɔvɔ) (German: Ribbertow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rozwarowo	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halu Chak (Persian: هلوچاك‎, also Romanized as Halū Chāk) is a village in Kojid Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Halu Chak	Kojid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunstock Mountain Resort, originally known as Belknap Mountain Recreation Area, is a sports complex located on Gunstock Mountain in Gilford, New Hampshire.	Gunstock Mountain Resort	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemeshynske (Ukrainian: Лемешинське) is a village (a selo) in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine.	Lemeshynske	Zaporizhia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Hollow is a deep ravine in Ashford, Connecticut.	Boston Hollow	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Toxaway is the largest privately held lake in North Carolina.	Lake Toxaway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melfort (Miller Field) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJZ3), is located 2.6 nautical miles (4.8 km; 3.0 mi) west of Melfort, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Melfort (Miller Field) Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgentreich is a municipality in Höxter district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Borgentreich	Höxter
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (IATA: DCA, ICAO: KDCA, FAA LID: DCA) is a major airport 3 miles (5 km) south of downtown Washington, D.C., in Arlington County, Virginia, United States.	Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport	Arlington County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belair railway line is a suburban rail commuter route in the city of Adelaide, South Australia, that runs from the Adelaide station to Belair in the Adelaide Hills via the Adelaide-Wolseley line.	Belair railway line	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herbow (Persian: هربو‎) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Herbow	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour Eiffel Bridge, also known as the Montcalm Street Bridge is a small but ornate bridge in Gatineau, Quebec.	Tour Eiffel Bridge	Gatineau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinting Vale is a village in Glossopdale, Derbyshire, England, UK, near Higher Dinting, Dinting and Glossop.	Dinting Vale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anar Din (Persian: اناردين‎, also Romanized as Anār Dīn, Anār ed Dīn, and Anār od Dīn) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Anar Din	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castrillo de la Vega is a Spanish town and municipality in the south of the province of Burgos, in the Ribera del Duero wine region.	Castrillo de la Vega	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edythe C. and Stanley L. Harrison Opera House, also known as the Harrison Opera House, is the official home of the Virginia Opera in the Ghent district of Norfolk, Virginia.	Harrison Opera House	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Batavia Depot Museum is a museum in Batavia, Illinois that was once the town's Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy Railroad Depot.	Batavia Depot Museum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boleszów (bɔˈlɛʂuf) (German: Wilhelmswalde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Boleszów	Gmina Susz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Ostrobothnia (Finnish: Keski-Pohjanmaa; Swedish: Mellersta Österbotten) is a region in Finland.	Central Ostrobothnia	Finland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soleyman Darab-e Bala (Persian: سليمانداراب بالا‎, also Romanized as Soleymān Dārāb-e Bālā; also known as Soleymān Dārāb, Soliman Darab, Sulaimān Darāb, and Sulayman-Darab) is a village in Lakan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Soleyman Darab-e Bala	Lakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Abi-ye Ki Mohammad (Persian: چاه ابي كي محمد‎, also Romanized as Chāh Ābī-ye Kī Moḩammad) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chah Abi-ye Ki Mohammad	Sorkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainbow Bridge National Monument is administered by Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, southern Utah, USA.	Rainbow Bridge National Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukh Sheykh ol Eslam (Persian: كوخ شيخ الاسلام‎, also Romanized as Kūkh Sheykh ol Eslām; also known as Sheykh ol Eslām) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kukh Sheykh ol Eslam	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87 is a municipal district in northeastern Alberta, Canada in Division No. 12.	Municipal District of Bonnyville No. 87	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witheridge is a village and civil parish in the North Devon district of Devon, England.	Witheridge	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodnia Górna (ˈbrɔdɲa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brodnia Górna	Gmina Buczek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tighanab Sofla (Persian: تيغناب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tīghanāb Soflá; also known as Tīghanāb Pa’īn) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tighanab Sofla	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadłowo-Parcele (sadˈwɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sadłowo-Parcele	Gmina Bieżuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Brick Store, also known as the Old Brick Hotel and The Granary, is a historic commercial building located near Smyrna, New Castle County, Delaware.	Old Brick Store	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonie Sojczyn Borowy (kɔˈlɔɲe ˈsɔi̯t͡ʂɨn bɔˈrɔvɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonie Sojczyn Borowy	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbee Lake is a fresh water lake located in Warsaw, Indiana, United States.	Barbee Lake	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Police Block, located in downtown Portland, Oregon, and at the southern edge of the Old Town historic district, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Portland Police Block	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Angel Square is an office building in Manchester, England.	One Angel Square	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saheb Ettabaâ Mosque, also known as Youssef Saheb Al Tabaa Mosque, is a mosque in Tunis, Tunisia, located in the Halfaouine area of the city.	Saheb Ettabaâ Mosque	Tunis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorrance Inn, also known as the Samuel Dorrance House, is a historic inn at 748 Plainfield Pike in Sterling, Connecticut.	Dorrance Inn	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Châteaux de Saint-Hilaire et des Plas are two historic castles in Curemonte, Corrèze, Limousin, France.	Châteaux de Saint-Hilaire et des Plas	Curemonte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Crossing Bridge (officially referred to as Washington Crossing Toll Supported Bridge) is a truss bridge spanning the Delaware River that connects Washington Crossing, Hopewell Township in Mercer County, New Jersey with Washington Crossing, Upper Makefield Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Washington Crossing Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eartham is a village and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex, England located 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) north east of Chichester east of the A285 road.	Eartham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adkins Arboretum (400 acres) is a native garden and arboretum located within Tuckahoe State Park at 12610 Eveland Road, Ridgely, Maryland.	Adkins Arboretum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raymondville Parabolic Bridge is a historic lenticular truss bridge located at Raymondville in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Raymondville Parabolic Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuanying District (simplified Chinese: 船营区; traditional Chinese: 船營區; pinyin: Chuányíng Qū) is a district of Jilin City, Jilin, People's Republic of China.	Chuanying District	Jilin City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterloo-Pinckney Trail is a 36-mile-long hiking trail which runs through Waterloo State Recreation Area and Pinckney Recreation Area in southeastern Michigan, USA.	Waterloo-Pinckney Trail	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Via Dolorosa (Latin: ``Way of Grief,'' ``Way of Sorrows,'' ``Way of Suffering'' or simply ``Painful Way''; Arabic: طريق الآلام) is a street within the Old City of Jerusalem, held to be the path that Jesus walked on the way to his crucifixion.	Via Dolorosa	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of Antoninus and Faustina is an ancient Roman temple in Rome, adapted to the church of San Lorenzo in Miranda.	Temple of Antoninus and Faustina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houston County Courthouse and Jail, located at 304 Marshall Street South in Caledonia, Houston County in the U.S. state of Minnesota, consists of a Romanesque stone courthouse featuring a prominent center tower, built in 1883 and an Italianate stone jail and sheriff residence built in 1875.	Houston County Courthouse and Jail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trebień (ˈtrɛbjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trebień	Gmina Bielany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angels Attic is a museum of dollhouses, toys, and miniatures located in Santa Monica, California.	Angels Attic	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filmstaden (The Film Town) was a film studio situated in Råsunda, Solna Municipality in Stockholm, Sweden.	Filmstaden	Solna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simlångsdalen is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 587 inhabitants as of 2010.	Simlångsdalen	Halmstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrica is an ancient hill-top comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Rome and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest of Frosinone.	Patrica	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porpetto (Friulian: Porpêt) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Udine.	Porpetto	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Secrest Octagon Barn is an historic octagonal barn which is located near Downey, Johnson County, Iowa.	Secrest Octagon Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peace College Main Building is the focal point of the Peace College campus in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Peace College Main Building	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczypiornia (ʂt͡ʂɨˈpjɔrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szczypiornia	Gmina Lutocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowce Górne (ɡraˈbɔft͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grabowce Górne	Gmina Nowodwór
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlęż (ˈxarlɛ̃ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Spiczyn, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Charlęż	Gmina Spiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kenai Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Kenai Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Good Time Park was a mile-long race track in Goshen, New York that hosted the Hambletonian harness race from 1930 to 1956.	Good Time Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker Bridge, also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 14, is a historic reinforced concrete closed spandrel arch bridge spanning the Great Trough Creek and located at Todd Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Baker Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auke Mountain is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau, Alaska, United States.	Auke Mountain	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philosophers Ridge is the long spur that connects Mount Lyell and Mount Owen in the West Coast Range of Western Tasmania.	Philosophers Ridge	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goworowice (ɡɔvɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Gauers) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goworowice	Gmina Kamiennik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huolu (simplified Chinese: 获鹿; traditional Chinese: 獲鹿; pinyin: Huòlù) is a town and the seat of Luquan City in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in southwestern Hebei province, China, As of 2011, it has 12 residential communities (居委会) and 27 villages under its administration.	Huolu	Luquan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnochowice (t͡ʂarnɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czarnochowice	Gmina Wieliczka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kmehlener Berge are a group of low hills in the south of the German state of Brandenburg within the county of Oberspreewald-Lausitz near the town of Ortrand and the village of Großkmehlen on the state border with Saxony.	Kmehlener Berge	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kash Kalayeh (Persian: كشكلايه‎, also Romanized as Kash Kalāyeh) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kash Kalayeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musaabad-e Bakhtiari (Persian: موسي ابادبختياري‎, also Romanized as Mūsáābād-e Bakhtīārī and Mūsáābād-e Bakhtīār) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Musaabad-e Bakhtiari	Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qamlu (Persian: قاملو‎, also Romanized as Qāmlū) is a village in Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qamlu	Panjeh Ali-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seefeld Saddle (German: Seefelder Sattel) is a saddle and mountain pass, 1,185 m AA, in the Northern Limestone Alps in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.	Seefeld Saddle	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rastab (Persian: راستاب‎, also Romanized as Rāstāb; also known as Rāstābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Rastab	Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Savonia (Finnish: Pohjois-Savo; Swedish: Norra Savolax) is a region in eastern Finland.	Northern Savonia	Finland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Henry Collegiate School (also known as Cape Henry or CHCS) is an independent coeducational school in Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Cape Henry Collegiate School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huron County Memorial Airport (ICAO: KBAX, FAA LID: BAX) is a county-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Bad Axe, a city in Huron County, Michigan, United States.	Huron County Memorial Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEEP is a commercially supported FM radio station serving the general area of Fredericksburg, Texas, due west from Austin and due north of San Antonio.	KEEP	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Koreh (Persian: پشتكره‎‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Koreh) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Posht Koreh	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daresbury is a village, civil parish and ward in the unitary authority of Halton and part of the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Daresbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCOH (1230 AM) is a radio station in Houston, Texas.	KCOH	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velji Lug (Serbian: Вељи Луг) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Velji Lug	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laskówka Delastowska (lasˈkufka dɛlasˈtɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Laskówka Delastowska	Gmina Szczucin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenhill Cemetery is a cemetery in Amsterdam, New York founded in 1857.	Greenhill Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Gasmart (formerly known as Estadio Nacional de Tijuana and Estadio de Beisbol Calimax) is a professional baseball stadium located in Tijuana, Baja California, in Mexico with a capacity of 16,811, all seated.	Estadio Gasmart	Tijuana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenala State High School is a high school located on Glenala Road in Durack, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia on the border with Inala.	Glenala State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Air Force Leeming or RAF Leeming is a Royal Air Force station located near Leeming, North Yorkshire, England.	RAF Leeming	North Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banc du Geyser (also Banc du Geysir) is a mostly submerged reef in the Mozambique Channel's northeastern part, 125 km (78 mi) northeast from Mayotte, 112 km (70 mi) southwest of the Glorioso Islands, and 200 km (124 mi) off the northwestern coast of Madagascar.	Banc du Geyser	Mayotte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taj Boston is a luxury hotel located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Taj Boston	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghuz Darreh (Persian: اغوزدره‎, also Romanized as Āghūz Darreh and Āghūzdarreh; also known as Āghūzdar and Āghūz Dar) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aghuz Darreh	Tuskacheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangennith (Welsh: Llangenydd/Llangynydd) is a village in Gower, in the City and County of Swansea, south Wales.	Llangennith	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riuma is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia, approximately 1000 meters from the western shore of the lake Võrtsjärv, 17 km (10 miles) southeast of the town of Viljandi.	Riuma	Tarvastu Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Center for Art & History, within the Downtown Historic District of New Albany, Indiana, is a local museum.	Carnegie Center for Art & History	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłobukowo (kwɔbuˈkɔvɔ) (German: Heidefeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuchowo, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kłobukowo	Gmina Tłuchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widzieńsko (viˈd͡ʑeɲskɔ) (German: Hohenbrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Widzieńsko	Gmina Stepnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stogniewice (stɔɡɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychtal, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stogniewice	Gmina Rychtal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Aalaq is an archaeological site 3k west of Rayak in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Aalaq	Rayak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marina City is a mixed-use residential/commercial building complex that occupies an entire city block on State Street in Chicago, Illinois.	Marina City	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Dorp Beach is along the shore of the neighborhood of New Dorp, on the south shore of Staten Island, one of the five boroughs of New York City.	New Dorp Beach	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston College School of Social Work (BCSSW) is a professional degree program located in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts near the city of Boston.	Boston College School of Social Work	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	BREN Tower was a guyed steel framework mast, 1,527 ft (465 m) high, on the Nevada Test Site in Nevada, USA.	BREN Tower	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rylowa (rɨˈlɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rylowa	Gmina Szczurowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lone Peak Wilderness is a 30,088-acre (121.76 km2) wilderness area located within the Uinta and the Wasatch-Cache National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah.	Lone Peak Wilderness	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kareh Rud (Persian: كره رود‎, also Romanized as Kareh Rūd) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kareh Rud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buena Regional School District is a comprehensive regional public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from three communities in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Buena Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmierowo (palmjɛˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Palmierowo	Gmina Kcynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ainslie on Cape Breton Island is the largest natural freshwater lake in Nova Scotia.	Lake Ainslie	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motkowice (mɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Imielno, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Motkowice	Gmina Imielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zatorze-Kolonia (zaˈtɔʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zatorze-Kolonia	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirukkadaiyur (Thirukadavur) is a temple town on the east coast of Tamil Nadu, about 300 km south of Chennai and 15 km north of Karaikal.	Thirukkadaiyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davis Lake volcanic field, is a volcanic field with a group of andesitic cinder cones, lava flows and basaltic andesite shield volcanos east of the Cascade Range of Oregon, USA.	Davis Lake volcanic field	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayaz Kandi (Persian: ايازكندي‎, also Romanized as Ayāẕ Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ayaz Kandi	Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartmouth College (/ˈdɑːrtməθ/ DART-məth) is a private, Ivy League, research university in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States.	Dartmouth College	Hanover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontana Rosa is a historic garden situated on the Avenue Blasco Ibáñez in Menton, Alpes-Maritimes, on the French Riviera.	Fontana Rosa	Menton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Garry, also known as Upper Fort Garry, was a Hudson's Bay Company trading post at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine rivers in what is now downtown Winnipeg.	Fort Garry	Winnipeg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamporo (Lampeu in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northeast of Turin and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Vercelli.	Lamporo	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James T. Foley United States Courthouse is a stone Art Deco federal courthouse, located on Broadway (New York State Route 32) in downtown Albany, New York, United States.	James T. Foley United States Courthouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frinvillier,in German Friedliswart, is a village in the Canton of Bern, district of Courtelary.	Frinvillier	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowithick is a hamlet on the northern edge of Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bowithick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockfosters is a suburb of north London, lying partly in the London Borough of Enfield and partly in the London Borough of Barnet.	Cockfosters	London Borough of Enfield	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chagherbit-e Bala (Persian: چغربيت بالا‎, also Romanized as Chagherbīt-e Bālā; also known as Jowgharbīt and Joghrbīt) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chagherbit-e Bala	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tešica (Serbian: Тешица) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Tešica	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salisbury Composite High School, often referred to as Sal or Sal Comp, is a public high school located in Sherwood Park, Alberta, Canada.	Salisbury Composite High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sam Kee Building, located at 8 West Pender Street in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is noteworthy for being the shallowest commercial building in the world, according to the Guinness Book of Records.	Sam Kee Building	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryton-on-Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the Rugby district of Warwickshire, south-east of Coventry, England.	Ryton-on-Dunsmore	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Baptist Church, Kingston is a historic church at 4600 Ninth Avenue North in Birmingham, Alabama.	First Baptist Church, Kingston	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayfield Canyon, a canyon northwest of the town of Bishop in Inyo County, California.	Mayfield Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nestan (Persian: نستان‎, also Romanized as Nestān; also known as Neyestān and Nīstān) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nestan	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Mills Storehouse, also known as the Old Tobacco Warehouse, is a historic store located at Urbanna, Middlesex County, Virginia.	James Mills Storehouse	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKTN is one of two radio stations operating in Hardin County, Ohio, United States.	WKTN	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emory Point is a mixed-use development on Clifton Road in Druid Hills, unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, adjacent to Atlanta.	Emory Point	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange Creek is a small stream in north-central and northeast Florida, that drains Orange Lake to the Ocklawaha River.	Orange Creek	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truman Bodden Sports Complex is a multi-use complex in George Town, Cayman Islands.	Truman Bodden Sports Complex	George Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghbolagh-e Hashtrud (Persian: اغبلاغ هشترود‎, also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Hashtrūd; also known as Āq Bolāgh and Āqbolāgh-e Hashtrūd) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghbolagh-e Hashtrud	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aarau railway station (German: Bahnhof Aarau) serves the municipality of Aarau, capital city of the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.	Aarau railway station	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sham Siahan (Persian: شم سياهان‎, also Romanized as Sham Sīāhān) is a village in Surak Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sham Siahan	Surak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkocin (barˈkɔt͡ɕin) (German: Barkotzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barkocin	Gmina Kołczygłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. C. Fox Building, located at 115 S. Main St. in Hailey, Idaho, is a historic building built in 1920.	J. C. Fox Building	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Street-Albertson Street-Park Place Historic District is located in the residential neighborhood just west of US 9 near central Hyde Park, New York, United States.	Main Street-Albertson Street-Park Place Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kargan Rud District (Persian: بخش کرگان‌رود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kargan Rud District	Talesh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlin Lake is a lake in northwestern British Columbia and is that province's largest natural lake, covering 300 sq mi (780 km2).	Atlin Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dufferin Grove is a neighbourhood located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, west of downtown.	Dufferin Grove	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andover Inn is a historic inn located on the campus of Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts.	The Andover Inn	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinsegut Hill, at an elevation of 269 feet (82 m), is one of the highest points in peninsular Florida.	Chinsegut Hill	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Base San Diego, sometimes called 32nd Street Naval Station, is one of the largest bases of the United States Navy in San Diego, California.	Naval Base San Diego	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keller Lake is a surface water body in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Keller Lake	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marriott School of Management is a business school located in Provo, Utah at Brigham Young University (BYU), a private university in the United States of America owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Marriott School of Management	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kundaj (Persian: كوندج‎, also Romanized as Kūndaj, Kondaj, Kavandaj and Kavandūj) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kundaj	Kuhpayeh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodchuck Lodge, also known as John Burroughs Memorial State Historic Site is in Roxbury in the western Catskills of Delaware County, New York, was a summertime home of naturalist John Burroughs.	Woodchuck Lodge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiemiany (kʲɛˈmjanɨ) (German Kämmen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kiemiany	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Arpschella is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located west of Zernez in Graubünden.	Piz Arpschella	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilsener Bek (in Low German Bilsener Beek)s a river of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bilsener Bek	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old DuPage County Courthouse is a Richardsonian Romanesque style court house designed by Mifflin E. Bell in Wheaton, Illinois, United States.	DuPage County Courthouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titak (Persian: تي تك‎, also Romanized as Tītak; also known as Tītaq and Tūtak) is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Titak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Institute for Music Research (German: Staatliches Institut für Musikforschung or SIMPK) is a musicological research facility in Berlin, Germany for the study of Musical Instruments, Music History, Music Theory and Music technology.	State Institute for Music Research	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sematan (also known as Simatan) is a settlement in the Lundu district of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Sematan	Lundu
located in the administrative territorial entity	311 South Wacker Drive in Chicago, USA, is a post-modern 65-story skyscraper completed in 1990.	311 South Wacker Drive	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yedi Daraq (Persian: يدي درق‎, also Romanized as Yedī Daraq) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yedi Daraq	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kota Belud is a town located in the West Coast Division of the state of Sabah, east Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Kota Belud	West Coast Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bracken Baptist Church (Old Minerva Church) is a historic church on CR 1235 in Minerva, Kentucky.	Bracken Baptist Church	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hingham Naval Ammunition Depot Annex, sometimes called the ``Cohasset Annex'' or ``Hingham Annex'' by local residents, covered sections of the towns of Hingham, Cohasset, Norwell, and Scituate Massachusetts.	Hingham Naval Ammunition Depot	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swinbrook and Widford is a civil parish in West Oxfordshire formed in 1932.	Swinbrook and Widford	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirur is a municipal town in Malappuram district in the Indian state of Kerala spread over an area of 16.55 square kilometres (6.39 sq mi).	Tirur	Malappuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studeničani Municipality (Macedonian: Студеничани , Albanian: Studeniçani) is a municipality in central Republic of Macedonia.	Studeničani Municipality	Macedonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazurowice (mazurɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malczyce, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mazurowice	Gmina Malczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	E. O. Smith High School, named after Edwin O. Smith, is a secondary school located in Storrs, Connecticut, United States.	E. O. Smith High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arts & College Preparatory Academy, or APCA, is a tuition-free, public, charter high school located on the east side of Columbus, Ohio, USA, serving students in grades 9--12.	The Arts & College Preparatory Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Track is a multi-use stadium in Saint Sampson, Guernsey.	The Track	Saint Sampson
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balintore Castle is a Victorian Category A listed building in Scotland.	Balintore Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley View Island is an island bar on the South Branch Potomac River near Romney in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Valley View Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuk Deh (Persian: كوكده‎, also Romanized as Kūk Deh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuk Deh	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dry Drayton is a village and civil parish about 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Cambridge in Cambridgeshire, England, listed as Draitone in the Domesday Book in 1086.	Dry Drayton	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum is an art museum located on the University of Minnesota campus in Minneapolis.	Weisman Art Museum	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity Western University (TWU) is a private Christian liberal arts university in Langley, British Columbia, Canada.	Trinity Western University	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardmore Downtown Executive Airport (IATA: AHD, FAA LID: 1F0) is a city-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Ardmore, a city in Carter County, Oklahoma, United States.	Ardmore Downtown Executive Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulverston is a market town and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria in North West England.	Ulverston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fourteenth Ward Industrial School is located at 256-258 Mott Street between Prince and Houston Streets in the Nolita neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Fourteenth Ward Industrial School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geelong College is an independent and co-educational day and boarding school located in Newtown, an inner-western suburb of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Geelong College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podczasza Wola (pɔtˈt͡ʂaʂa ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podczasza Wola	Gmina Klwów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biari is a town, and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Biari	Battagram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ellie Caulkins Opera House, which opened on September 10, 2005, is located in Denver, Colorado as part of the large Denver Performing Arts Complex.	Ellie Caulkins Opera House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasiłowo (naɕiˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nasiłowo	Gmina Bytoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Kara Kara was a local government area about 240 kilometres (149 mi) northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Kara Kara	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverly Hills Post Office (BHPO) is the name given to a section of Los Angeles, California, that lies within the 90210 ZIP code, assigned to the Beverly Hills Post Office.	Beverly Hills Post Office	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ljeskove Vode (Cyrillic: Љескове Воде) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljeskove Vode	Doboj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Garmuiyeh (Persian: ابگرموييه‎, also Romanized as Āb Garmū’īyeh; also known as Āb Garm and Ābgarmū) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Garmuiyeh	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giessen, spelled Gießen in German (German pronunciation: (ˈɡiːsən)), is a town in the German federal state (Bundesland) of Hesse, capital of both the district of Giessen and the administrative region of Giessen.	Giessen	Gießen	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lahontan was a large endorheic Pleistocene lake of modern northwestern Nevada that extended into northeastern California and southern Oregon.	Lake Lahontan	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Burdon is a village in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of County Durham, England.	Great Burdon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 917 is a telephone area code for all of the five boroughs of New York City (Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, and the Bronx).	Area code 917	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ubbergen ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the municipality of Berg en Dal (formerly known as Groesbeek).	Ubbergen	Berg en Dal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seqay (Persian: سقاي‎, also Romanized as Seqāy and Saqāy; also known as Saghay, Sirgai, and Sygay) is a village in Jushin Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seqay	Jushin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Severnoye Medvedkovo District is an administrative district (raion) of North-Eastern Administrative Okrug, and one of the 125 raions of Moscow, Russia.	Severnoye Medvedkovo District	North-Eastern Administrative Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Drei-Länder-Stein is a boundary stone at the tripoint of the German federal states of Lower Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia near the Großer Ehrenberg mountain in the Harz.	Drei-Länder-Stein	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hałe (ˈxawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Hałe	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellstead Estuary is an estuarine inlet in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Wellstead Estuary	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Revere Beach Parkway is a historic parkway in the suburbs immediately north of Boston, Massachusetts.	Revere Beach Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawfield Stadium is a greyhound racing venue in the town of Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, located close to the boundary with Glasgow.	Shawfield Stadium	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kennedy Interchange, unofficially, though universally, referred to as Spaghetti Junction, is the intersection of Interstates 64, 65 and 71 at the northeastern edge of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, USA.	Kennedy Interchange	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudhu Chak (Punjabi, Urdu: دودہوچک‎) is the largest town in Shakargarh Tehsil, North-East of Narowal District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Dudhu Chak	Narowal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jay Funeral Home, now known as the Robertson-Jay Funeral Home, is an historic structure and funeral home located in Ottumwa, Iowa, United States.	Jay Funeral Home	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluemont Historic District comprises the historic core of Bluemont, Virginia.	Bluemont Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penrith High School (abbreviated to PHS) is an academically selective, public, co-educational secondary school located in Penrith, a Western Suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Penrith High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parzniew (ˈpaʐɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Parzniew	Gmina Brwinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wijnendale Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Wijnendale) is an historically important castle near the village of Wijnendale, now in the municipality of Torhout, in West Flanders, Belgium.	Wijnendale Castle	Torhout
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Scatico is a brother-sister sleep-away camp for boys and girls located in the upper Hudson Valley of New York State, in the town of Elizaville, which is in Columbia County.	Camp Scatico	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highgrove House is the family residence of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, situated south west of Tetbury in Gloucestershire, England.	Highgrove House	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duntarvie Castle is a ruined Scots Renaissance house in West Lothian, Scotland.	Duntarvie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gschwandtkopf is a mountain south of the ski resort of Seefeld in Tirol in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Gschwandtkopf	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petrobras Headquarters is a brutalist office building used by Petrobras in the Centro neighbourhood of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Petrobras Headquarters	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Don College is located in Don, a suburb of Devonport on the North-West coast of Tasmania.	Don College	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klonari (Greek: Κλωνάρι) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located east of Kellaki.	Klonari	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Ramah in New England (CRNE), located in Palmer, Massachusetts, is one of the oldest Ramah summer camps, organized by a jewish conservation center.	Camp Ramah in New England	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shinahota Municipality (also sometimes spelled Sinahota or Shinaota) is the second municipal section of the Tiraque Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Shinahota Municipality	Tiraque Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacKay United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the New Edinburgh neighbourhood of Ottawa, Canada.	MacKay United Church	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newmarket High School is an Ontario secondary school located at 505 Pickering Crescent, off Mulock Drive in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.	Newmarket High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crespi Carmelite High School, called Crespi, is a private, Roman Catholic, four-year college preparatory all-male high school located in Encino in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California.	Crespi Carmelite High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filabad (Persian: فيل اباد‎, also Romanized as Fīlābād) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Filabad	Mizdej-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ter Aar was merged into the municipality of Nieuwkoop on 1 January 2007.	Ter Aar	Nieuwkoop
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beebe and Runyan Furniture Showroom and Warehouse is located at 105 South 9th Street in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Beebe and Runyan Furniture Showroom and Warehouse	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahur Berenji Rural District (Persian: دهستان ماهوربرنجی‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mahur Berenji Rural District	Sardasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feira de Santana (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈfejɾɐ dʒi sɐ̃ˈtɐ̃nɐ); Portuguese for ``Saint Anne's Fair'') is a city in Bahia, Brazil.	Feira de Santana	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Bala (Persian: كوشك بالا‎, also Romanized as Kūshḵ-e Bālā) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Bala	Adaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamica (kaˈmit͡sa) (German: Kämitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kamica	Gmina Gościno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Malaparte (also Villa Malaparte) is a house on Punta Massullo, on the eastern side of the Isle of Capri, Italy.	Casa Malaparte	Capri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterstone or Peterstone Wentlooge (Welsh: Llanbedr Gwynllŵg) is a small hamlet to the south west of the city of Newport, South Wales.	Peterstone	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lompoc Airport (IATA: LPC, ICAO: KLPC) is a public airport located just north of the city of Lompoc in Santa Barbara County, California, USA.	Lompoc Airport	Santa Barbara County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleai Sports Complex is a multi-use stadium in Saipan on the western Pacific Ocean Northern Mariana Islands.	Oleai Sports Complex	Saipan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Street Plaza is a pedestrian plaza on Washington Street between Carlisle and Albany Streets in the Battery Park City neighborhood of lower Manhattan.	Washington Street Plaza	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reamer Barn is a historic barn near the village of Oberlin in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Reamer Barn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brevet Lt. General Winfield Scott is an equestrian statue in Washington, D.C., that honors career military officer Winfield Scott.	Brevet Lt. General Winfield Scott	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhuvasan is a village in the Surat Metropolitan Region, part of the Navsari district of the Indian state of Gujarat.	Bhuvasan	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saice (Serbian: Саице) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Saice	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Pass is a high mountain pass in the Wind River Range situated in Fremont County of western Wyoming in the United States.	Union Pass	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehigh Career and Technical Institute (LCTI), located in Schnecksville, Pennsylvania, is one of the largest career and technical institutes in the United States.	Lehigh Career and Technical Institute	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Marzbal (Persian: بالامرزبال‎, also Romanized as Bālā Marzbāl) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Marzbal	Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Babaganjeh (Persian: تپه باباگنجه‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Bābāganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Babaganjeh	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szopy (ˈʂɔpɨ) (German: Aschbuden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szopy	Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodward Federal Courthouse and Post Office in Woodward, Oklahoma was built in 1921.	Woodward Federal Courthouse and Post Office	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Max the Mutt College of Animation, Art & Design (formerly Max The Mutt Animation School) is a Canadian private Career College, located in Toronto, Ontario.	Max the Mutt College of Animation, Art & Design	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Littleton Town Building, also known as the Littleton Opera House, is a historic municipal building at 1 Union Street in Littleton, New Hampshire.	Littleton Town Building	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schuylkill Gap is a water gap through Blue Mountain located about 3 miles north of Hamburg, Pennsylvania.	Schuylkill Gap	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flatirons Community Church is a large non-denominational church in Lafayette, Colorado, a northern suburb of Denver, Colorado, USA.	Flatirons Community Church	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roy Grounds House was designed as a prototype for Roy's latter project 10 years later on the National Gallery of Victoria (NGV) located on St.Kilda Road, Melbourne.	Roy Grounds House	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolongo or Kolongo Tomo is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Kolongo	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The parish and village of Othery, established in 1515, sits on a detached extension of Sowy island on the Somerset Levels.	Othery	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lofton Reservoir, also known locally as None, is an earthen impoundment of water located 6,100 feet (1,900 m) above sea level in Lake County, Oregon, United States.	Lofton Reservoir	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 6 (abbr. B6) is a German federal highway running from Bremerhaven on the North Sea coast in a southeasterly direction through the states of Lower Saxony, Bremen, Saxony-Anhalt and Saxony to Görlitz on the Polish border.	Bundesstraße 6	Saxony	Bremen	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard at the Capital Centre is an open-air shopping center in Landover, Maryland, located on the site of the former Capital Centre, the former home of the Washington Bullets and Washington Capitals.	The Boulevard at the Capital Centre	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fahraj (Persian: فهرج‎, also Romanized as Fahrej), formerly Narmāshīr and Irānshahr (ایرانشهر), is a city in and the capital of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Fahraj	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadan (Persian: شادان‎, also Romanized as Shādān) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shadan	Qaleh Zari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi (Persian: سيدحسين موسوي‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩoseyn Mūsavī) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Hoseyn Musavi	Jahad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandpoint Airport (ICAO: KSZT, FAA LID: SZT) is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Sandpoint, in Bonner County, Idaho, United States.	Sandpoint Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piwowary (pivɔˈvarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piwowary	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarjuiyeh (Persian: سرجوييه‎, also Romanized as Sarjū’īyeh and Sar Joo’eyeh; also known as Sarjū’īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarjuiyeh	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Streets at Southpoint is a shopping mall located in Durham, North Carolina, in the United States.	The Streets at Southpoint	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croftburn Farm is a historic farm complex located near Culpeper, Culpeper County, Virginia.	Croftburn Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langland Bay is a popular coastal holiday resort in Gower, Swansea in south Wales.	Langland Bay	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weno (formerly Moen) is an island municipality of Chuuk State of the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM) and is the largest city in the country.	Weno	Chuuk State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waleriany (valɛˈrjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Waleriany	Gmina Puszcza Mariańska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardalabad, Zahedan (Persian: پردل‌آباد‎) is a village in Dumak Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pardalabad, Zahedan	Dumak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilliwack River Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the Chilliwack River to the southeast of the City of Chilliwack in the province's Lower Mainland region.	Chilliwack River Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzylatków-Parcela (tʂɨˈlatkuf parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trzylatków-Parcela	Gmina Błędów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podcerkwy (pɔtˈt͡sɛrkfɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białowieża, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Podcerkwy	Gmina Białowieża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurukuru is a village located in Deverapllai mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kurukuru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulandra Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the west hills of the Southern Tablelands and eastern Riverina regions of New South Wales in eastern Australia.	Ulandra Nature Reserve	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia River Exhibition of History, Science, and Technology (CREHST) was a non-profit museum and science center located in Richland, Washington, dedicated to telling the story of the Columbia Basin and surrounding region.	Columbia River Exhibition of History, Science, and Technology	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podlinówek (pɔdliˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podlinówek	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDBM (88.9 FM), East Lansing, Michigan, is a 2,000 watt, Class A, student-run college radio station at Michigan State University that broadcasts to listeners in the Lansing, Michigan, metropolitan area.	WDBM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Primorje-Gorski Kotar County (Croatian: Primorsko-goranska županija) is a county in western Croatia that includes the Bay of Kvarner, the surrounding Northern Croatian Littoral, and the mountainous region of Gorski kotar.	Primorje-Gorski Kotar County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Custer State Park is a state park and wildlife reserve in the Black Hills of southwestern South Dakota, USA.	Custer State Park	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdany Wielkie (mai̯ˈdanɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Majdany Wielkie	Gmina Miłomłyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marillac College was a Catholic sisters' college in St. Louis, Missouri.	Marillac College	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DeFreest Homestead is a historic house and barn located in the Rensselaer Technology Park in North Greenbush, New York, United States.	DeFreest Homestead	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavernes Blanques (Valencian pronunciation: (taˈvɛɾnez ˈβlaŋkes), Spanish: Tabernes Blanques) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Tavernes Blanques	Horta Nord
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khiyarkar (Persian: خياركار‎, also Romanized as Khīyārkār) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Khiyarkar	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posucice (pɔsuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Posucice	Gmina Branice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłodobok (kwɔˈdɔbɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kłodobok	Gmina Kamiennik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club is a country club in Southern Pines, North Carolina.	Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillhead High School is a day school in Glasgow, Scotland, on Oakfield Avenue, neighbouring the University of Glasgow.	Hillhead High School	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasant Inn, also known as William F. Simmons House, is a historic boarding house located at Myrtle Beach in Horry County, South Carolina.	Pleasant Inn	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: قلعه حسين اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 465, in 78 families.	Qaleh-ye Hoseynabad	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Soseńska (ˈvulka sɔˈsɛɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Soseńska	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Aubiry is a building located in Céret (Pyrénées-Orientales) and was built from the end of the 19th century to the beginning of the 20th century.	Château d'Aubiry	Céret
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochre Court is a large châteauesque mansion in Newport, Rhode Island, USA.	Ochre Court	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melk Melk (Persian: ملك ملك‎‎) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Melk Melk	Central District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kord Laghari (Persian: كردلاغري‎, also Romanized as Kord Lāgharī; also known as Kord-e Lāgharīb) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kord Laghari	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Męczyn (ˈmɛnt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Męczyn	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuquihuta Municipality, also Chuquihuta Ayllu Jucumani, is the fourth municipal section of the Rafael Bustillo Province in the Potosí Department in Bolivia.	Chuquihuta Municipality	Rafael Bustillo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montauk State Park is a Missouri state park at the headwaters of the Current River near Salem, Missouri that is famous for its rainbow and brown trout angling.	Montauk State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dülük, ancient Doliche (Greek: Δολίχη) is a village in Şehitkamil district, a district of Greater Gaziantep, Turkey.	Dülük	Şehitkamil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manhattan Beach Boulevard is a major east-west thoroughfare in western Los Angeles County.	Manhattan Beach Boulevard	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grießbach is a German village which is situated in the Ore Mountains (Erzgebirge) in Saxony.	Grießbach	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanulan (Persian: هانولان‎, also Romanized as Hānūlān) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hanulan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Restigouche River (in French, Rivière Ristigouche) is a river that flows across the northwestern part of the province of New Brunswick and the southeastern part of Quebec.	Restigouche River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashk Kar Jalaleh (Persian: ماشك كارجلاله‎, also Romanized as Māshk Kār Jalāleh) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mashk Kar Jalaleh	Sadat Mahmudi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olkash (Persian: الكش‎; also known as Alenkash and Ulkash) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Olkash	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakesdown is a hamlet in northeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom at grid reference SS 246 005.	Bakesdown	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hughes River Wildlife Management Area is located in Wirt County and Ritchie County near Parkersburg, West Virginia.	Hughes River Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sauberge is a hill range up to 317 m above sea level (NN) in the Innerste Uplands in the district of Hildesheim in eastern Lower Saxony in Germany.	Sauberge	Hildesheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Tam (Thai: บ้านต๊ำ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Phayao District, in Phayao Province, Thailand.	Ban Tam	Mueang Phayao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rivanna Subdivision Trestle is a trestle in Richmond, Virginia at the end of the Rivanna Subdivision.	Rivanna Subdivision Trestle	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shea's Performing Arts Center (originally Shea's Buffalo) is a theater for touring Broadway musicals and special events in Buffalo, New York.	Shea's Performing Arts Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedlimowice (ɕɛdlimɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Schönfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siedlimowice	Gmina Żarów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podośno (pɔˈdɔɕnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ośno Lubuskie, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Podośno	Gmina Ośno Lubuskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Böseckendorf is a village in the Teistungen municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Germany.	Böseckendorf	Teistungen
located in the administrative territorial entity	PalaArgento, full name Palazzetto dello Sport Mario Argento, is an indoor sporting arena in Naples, Italy.	PalaArgento	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pih Jik (Persian: پيه جيك‎, also Romanized as Pīh Jīk; also known as Pīh Chīk) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pih Jik	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duszniki-Zdrój (duʂˈɲikʲi ˈzdrui̯) (German Bad Reinerz) is a spa town in the Klodzko Valley on the Bystrzyca River in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Duszniki-Zdrój	Kłodzko County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lumbermen's Building, also known as the Oregon Trail Building, is an office building located in downtown Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lumbermen's Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Harlem, also colloquially known as El Barrio and previously as Spanish Harlem, is a neighborhood of Upper Manhattan, New York City roughly encompassing the area north of the Upper East Side, and East 96th Street and east of Fifth Avenue to the East and Harlem Rivers.	East Harlem	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chauga Mound (38OC1) is an archaeological site once located on the northern bank of the Tugaloo River 1,200 feet (370 m) north of the mouth of the Chauga River in Oconee County, South Carolina in the Lake Hartwell Basin.	Chauga Mound	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poughill (pronounced ``Pofil'' or ``Puffil'') is a hamlet in north-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Poughill	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIRB (1490 AM, ``Gospel Radio WIRB'') is a radio station licensed to serve Level Plains, Alabama, USA, a suburb of Enterprise, Alabama.	WIRB	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoneham High School is a comprehensive, four-year public school located in Stoneham, Massachusetts that offers a range of Comprehensive to Advanced Placement Program courses.	Stoneham High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Market Square Park is a public park in Downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Market Square Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barr Lake State Park is a Colorado state park established in 1977 in Adams County near Brighton, Colorado.	Barr Lake State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birahgan (Persian: بيراهگان‎, also Romanized as Bīrāhgān; also known as Birahkan, Bīr Āvgān, and Bīr Hangān) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Birahgan	Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walne (ˈvalnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Walne	Gmina Nowinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Hills Wind Project is a proposed electricity generating wind farm facility in Sherman County, Oregon.	Golden Hills Wind Project	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weslemkoon Lake is located in the Township of Addington Highlands, Ontario, Canada, near Denbigh and about 110 km (68 mi) north of Belleville.	Weslemkoon Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Saint-Arnould, St. Arnold,Saint-Arnoult or Abbey of the Holy Apostles is a Benedictine abbey residing in Metz since the 6th century.	Abbey of Saint-Arnould	Metz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lushab (Persian: لوشاب‎, also Romanized as Lūshāb) is a village in Zarkan Rural District, Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Lushab	Zarkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zubrzyk (ˈzubʐɨk) (Ukrainian: Зубрик, Zubryk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Zubrzyk	Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isar Rural District (Persian: دهستان ايثار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Isar Rural District	Marvast District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashrestaq Rural District (Persian: دهستان عشرستاق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ashrestaq Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Hockham is a village in the English county of Norfolk within the civil parish of Hockham, though the distinction between village and parish may now be moot as there is evidence to suggest that the other village in the parish, Little Hockham, consists only of a farmhouse.	Great Hockham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kropiwnica-Racibory (krɔpivˈnit͡sa rat͡ɕiˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kropiwnica-Racibory	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Cordeliers is one of the central quarters in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon, France.	Les Cordeliers	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nopah Range is located in Inyo County, California, USA, near the eastern border with Nevada.	Nopah Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Campobasso.	Sepino	Province of Campobasso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iringa Airport (IATA: IRI, ICAO: HTIR) is an airport in Tanzania serving Iringa and the surrounding Iringa Region.	Iringa Airport	Iringa Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia's Grave or Scota's grave is an area just south of Tralee in County Kerry beside the Finglas rivulet in Trughanacmy.	Scotia's Grave	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange Pavilion is a multi-purpose arena on the grounds of the NOS Events Center in San Bernardino, California.	Orange Pavilion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulder Valley Grange No. 131, also known as Boulder Valley Community Hall, is an historic wooden Grange hall located at 3400 North 95th Street in Lafayette, Colorado.	Boulder Valley Grange No. 131	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meanwood is a suburb and former village of north-west Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Meanwood	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boolgeeda Airport (IATA: OCM, ICAO: YBGD) is an airport serving the Brockman 4 mine in Western Australia.	Boolgeeda Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJZD-FM (94.5 FM), known as ``JZ94.5'', is a radio station located in Long Beach, Mississippi, with an Urban Contemporary Format.	WJZD-FM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Madad (Persian: حاجي مدد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Madad; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Madad) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajji Madad	Pol Khatun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality (formerly Central District Municipality) is one of the four districts of North West province in South Africa.	Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality	North West
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbignieu is a former commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.	Arbignieu	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Three Valley Museum is a non-profit museum in Durant, Oklahoma.	Three Valley Museum	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Ramsey House is a historic house museum in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States; the former residence of Alexander Ramsey, who served as the first governor of Minnesota Territory and the second governor of the state of Minnesota.	Alexander Ramsey House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ladew Topiary Gardens (22 acres (8.9 ha)) are nonprofit gardens with topiary located in Monkton, Maryland.	Ladew Topiary Gardens	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Area Technology School (BayTech) is a public charter school located in Oakland, California.	Bay Area Technology School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taos Plaza is a center of shops and monuments within the Taos Downtown Historic District in Taos, New Mexico.	Taos Plaza	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dołżyna (dɔu̯ˈʐɨna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dołżyna	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mecklenburg Switzerland (German: Mecklenburgische Schweiz) is a landscape in the middle of the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, north of the Mecklenburg Lake District and immediately northwest of Lake Malchin and Lake Kummerow.	Mecklenburg Switzerland	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTNI (1640 AM) is a radio station licensed to Biloxi, Mississippi, and broadcasting at 10,000 watts of power.	WTNI	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright Robinson College is a mixed 11--16 secondary school located in Abbey Hey, Gorton, Manchester, England.	Wright Robinson College	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gad-e Kuh (Persian: گادكوه‎, also Romanized as Gād-e Kūh) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gad-e Kuh	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hazen Bridge, also known as the Newcomb Bridge, is a steel bridge spanning the Sangamon River north of Mahomet in Champaign County, Illinois, in the United States.	Hazen Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszczanowiec (ɡɔʂt͡ʂaˈnɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Guschterholländer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Goszczanowiec	Gmina Drezdenko
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Bedford High School (NBHS) is a public high school located at 230 Hathaway Boulevard in the West End of New Bedford, Massachusetts.	New Bedford High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyde Park Railroad Station is the former New York Central Railroad station located where Crum Elbow Creek flows into the Hudson River in Hyde Park, New York, USA.	Hyde Park Railroad Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gajęcki Ług (ɡaˈjɛnt͡ski ˈwuk) (German: Groß Gelüch) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylanka, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gajęcki Ług	Gmina Kobylanka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Parviz (Persian: ده نوپرويز‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Parvīz) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Parviz	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont-Sainte-Anne is a ski resort in the town of St-Ferreol-les-Neiges, Quebec, Canada, located about 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Quebec City.	Mont-Sainte-Anne	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drawski Młyn (ˈdrafski ˈmwɨn) (German: Dratzigmühle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drawski Młyn	Gmina Drawsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station, Oakland is a historic railroad station located at Oakland, Garrett County, Maryland.	Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grossmont College is a community college located in El Cajon, California, in the county of San Diego.	Grossmont College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wood County Courthouse and Jail, located in Bowling Green, Ohio, United States, is Wood County's third courthouse.	Wood County Courthouse and Jail	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dead Indian Campsite is an archeological site in the Sunlight Basin of the Absaroka Mountains in Park County, Wyoming, United States.	Dead Indian Campsite	Park County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adrkan (Persian: ادركان‎, also Romanized as Ādrkān; also known as Dam Maḩd-e Adrmakān) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Adrkan	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rüterberg is a Stadtteil of Dömitz in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Rüterberg	Dömitz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Trail Powder Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States, on the Montana-Idaho border in the northern Rocky Mountains.	Lost Trail Powder Mountain	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Mahi (Persian: پيرماهي‎‎, also Romanized as Pīr Māhī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pir Mahi	Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bald Knoll, also called Black Knoll, Buck Knoll or Corral Knoll, is a cinder cone in Utah, in the Southwestern United States.	Bald Knoll	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamsu Kola-ye Gharbi (Persian: لمسوكلاغربي‎, also Romanized as Lamsū Kolā-ye Gharbī; also known as Lamsū Kolā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lamsu Kola-ye Gharbi	Khvosh Rud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozgard (ˈrɔzɡart) (German: Königlich Roßgarth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rozgard	Gmina Wąbrzeźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ménil-Hermei is a commune in the Orne department in the Basse-Normandie region of north-western France.	Ménil-Hermei	Orne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talargah (Persian: تالارگاه‎, also Romanized as Tālārgāh) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talargah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bible Land was a free roadside attraction in Calimesa, California USA along Interstate 10.	Bible Land	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lladó (also known as Lledó d'Empordà) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Lladó	Alt Empordà	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutak-e Vasat (Persian: كوتك وسط‎, also Romanized as Kūtak-e Vasaṭ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kutak-e Vasat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jegar Kandi (Persian: جگركندي‎, also Romanized as Jegar Kandī) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Jegar Kandi	Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newseum is an interactive museum of news and journalism located at 555 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. The seven-level, 250,000-square-foot (23,000 m2) museum features 15 theaters and 15 galleries.	Newseum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brindabella Station, sometimes referred to as the Brindabella Homestead, is located within the Brindabella Ranges in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Brindabella Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Östliche Karwendelspitze (2,537 m) is a mountain formed from Wetterstein limestone in the Karwendel mountains on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol.	Östliche Karwendelspitze	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walden Stubbs is a small, rural village and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire, England.	Walden Stubbs	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubiaszów (luˈbjaʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lubiaszów	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUSC-FM is a student-run College radio station operating at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, South Carolina, United States.	WUSC-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayland Baptist University is private, coeducational Baptist university based in Plainview, Texas.	Wayland Baptist University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Słupia (ˈstara ˈswupja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stara Słupia	Gmina Nowa Słupia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penmayne is a hamlet next to Splatt in the civil parish of St Minver Lowlands in north Cornwall, England, UK.	Penmayne	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosendale Common School, also known as Niskayuna Grange Hall No. 1542, is a historic school building located in the vicinity of Niskayuna in Schenectady County, New York.	Rosendale Common School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire, England, where the River Amber joins the River Derwent; and where the A610, following the Amber from Ripley and Alfreton, joins the A6 as it runs along the Derwent valley from Belper to the south;	Ambergate	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broadgate Tower is a skyscraper in London's main financial district, the City of London.	Broadgate Tower	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2006 Yanjin earthquake was a magnitude 5.2 earthquake in Yanjin County, Yunnan, China.	2006 Yanjin earthquake	Yanjin County, Yunnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łysobyki (wɨsɔˈbɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łysobyki	Gmina Tłuszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandwrog (Welsh language: meaning 'The church of Saint Twrog') is a village and community in Gwynedd, north-west Wales, most notable for the presence of the headquarters of Welsh record label Sain and the site of Caernarfon Airport.	Llandwrog	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whalsay (Old Norse: Hvalsey or Hvals-øy, meaning 'Whale Island') is the sixth largest of the Shetland islands in Scotland.	Whalsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budj Bim is the Gunditjmara name for the extinct volcano Mount Eccles in southwestern Victoria, Australia.	Budj Bim	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenleaf Peak is a mountain in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington, located on the north side of the Columbia River near Table Mountain, in the Columbia River Gorge.	Greenleaf Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geru Siah (Persian: گروسياه‎, also Romanized as Gerū Sīāh; also known as Gerūsīā) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Geru Siah	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Giles' Cathedral, also known as the High Kirk of Edinburgh, is the principal place of worship of the Church of Scotland in Edinburgh.	St Giles' Cathedral	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arteshabad (Persian: ارتش اباد‎, also Romanized as Arteshābād; also known as Sekmesābād) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Arteshabad	Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Spencertown Academy is located along the NY 203 state highway in Spencertown, New York, United States.	Spencertown Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majri is well known as New Majri Colliery a village located in Chandrapur district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Majri	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friday Harbor Laboratories (also known as FHL), is a marine biology field station of the University of Washington, located in Friday Harbor, San Juan Island, Washington, USA.	Friday Harbor Laboratories	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fork Factory Brook is a 135-acre (55 ha) historic site, open space reserve, and agricultural reserve located in Medfield, Massachusetts.	Fork Factory Brook	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubinicko (lubiˈnit͡skɔ) (German: Merzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świebodzin, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Lubinicko	Gmina Świebodzin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton-le-Street is a village and parochial and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Thornton-le-Street	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austin Municipal Airport (IATA: AUM, ICAO: KAUM, FAA LID: AUM) is a public-owned, public-use airport located two nautical mile (3.2 km) east of the central business district of the city of Austin, in Mower County, Minnesota, United States.	Austin Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austin-East High School, also known as Austin-East Performing Arts and Sciences Magnet High School, is a public high school in Knoxville, Tennessee, operated by Knox County Schools.	Austin-East High School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Academy was a school in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Hamilton Academy	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medicine Hat Regional Hospital is a medical facility located in Medicine Hat, Alberta serving a catchment area of 117,000.	Medicine Hat Regional Hospital	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Hasan (Persian: قره حسن‎, also Romanized as Qarah Ḩasan) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qarah Hasan	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qajar Ab-e Sofla (Persian: قجراب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qajar Āb-e Soflá; also known as Qajarāb and Qajar Āb) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qajar Ab-e Sofla	Kuh Sardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Senne Railway (German: Senne-Bahn) is a single-track branch line from Brackwede to Paderborn with a through service to Bielefeld in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Senne Railway	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherkala is a small town in Kasaragod district of Kerala state in India, from Kasaragod to Madikeri road 8 km from the capital city of Kasaragod, it is junction towards Bekal Fort, Badiadka, Perla and Madikkery.	Cherkala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanco is a village with a population of 505 in Leeton Shire in south western New South Wales, Australia.	Yanco	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volusia Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Daytona Beach, Florida.	Volusia Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Beach Oil Field is a large oil field underneath the cities of Long Beach and Signal Hill, California, in the United States.	Long Beach Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kouchibouguacis River is a river in Saint-Louis Parish, Kent County, New Brunswick, Canada.	Kouchibouguacis River	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borre mound cemetery ( Norwegian: Borrehaugene from the Old Norse words borró and haugr meaning mound) forms part of the Borre National Park in Horten, Vestfold, Norway.	Borre mound cemetery	Horten
located in the administrative territorial entity	WECS (90.1 FM) is a College radio station based in Windham, Connecticut, on the campus of Eastern Connecticut State University.	WECS	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodeo Cove is an embayment in Marin County, California.	Rodeo Cove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaomuhe Township, also Xiaomuhexiang (Chinese: 小木河乡) is a township-level division situated in the Jixi prefecture of Heilongjiang, China, near the Russian border.	Xiaomuhe Township	Jixi
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKNA (98.3 FM), formerly WLGN-FM, is a radio station licensed to Logan, Ohio.	WKNA	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kim Il-sung Stadium is the name of a large multi-purpose stadium located in Pyongyang, the capital city of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.	Kim Il-sung Stadium	Pyongyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loughmore, officially Loughmoe (/lɒxˈmoʊ/ lokh-MOH; Irish: Luach Maigh or Luachma), is a village in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Loughmore	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The U-Bahn stations of Frankfurter Tor, Samariterstraße, Frankfurter Allee, Magdalenenstraße and Lichtenberg are all under or adjacent to the street.	Frankfurter Allee	Lichtenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Sydney Demonstration School (NSDS) is a primary school located in Waverton, New South Wales, Australia.	North Sydney Demonstration School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boca Ciega High School (BCHS) is an American four-year public high school in Gulfport, Florida, south of the St. Petersburg city line, and is part of the Pinellas County Schools district.	Boca Ciega High School	Pinellas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazel Grove railway station is on the Stockport to Buxton / Sheffield line, serving the village of Hazel Grove, Greater Manchester, England.	Hazel Grove railway station	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lodna is a Town in the tehsil of Jharia in the Dhanbad district of Jharkhand.	Lodna	Dhanbad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedarczów Dolny-Wieś (ɲɛˈdart͡ʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazanów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niedarczów Dolny-Wieś	Gmina Kazanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidnekoppa (Kannada: ಸಿದ್ನೇಕೊಪ್ಪ ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state, India.	Sidnekoppa	Koppal district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ACT Heritage Library is the 'state' library of the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) and the pre-eminent ACT reference library.	ACT Heritage Library	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waltendorf is the 9th district of the Austrian city of Graz.	Waltendorf	Graz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tocuyito is a city of Venezuela, capital of the Libertador Municipality in Carabobo State.	Tocuyito	Libertador Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Modern Art Department of Film and Video, based in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, USA, and founded in 1935, contains works of international cinema, focusing on the art and history of the film medium.	Museum of Modern Art Department of Film	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reeveston Place Historic District is a neighborhood of homes in Richmond, Indiana platted in 1911 on land formerly owned by the family of Mark Reeves.	Reeveston Place Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	God's Seat is a popular vista and rock formation in Malibu, California, United States, about two miles east of Circle X Ranch in the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area.	God's Seat	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Wah Hospital (Chinese: 東華醫院) is a hospital in Hong Kong under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals.	Tung Wah Hospital	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKQQ (``K Country 102.3'') is the hot country music station in the Brookings, South Dakota area.	KKQQ	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehdi Seyyed Anayt (Persian: مهدي سيدعنايت‎, also Romanized as Mehdī Seyyed ʿAnāyt) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mehdi Seyyed Anayt	Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamlarki (kamˈlarki) (German: Kamlarken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kamlarki	Gmina Lisewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balek (Persian: بالك‎, also Romanized as Bālek and Bālak; also known as Bālīk) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Balek	Sarkal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croham Hurst is a 33.6 hectare (83.02 acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and a Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in South Croydon in the London Borough of Croydon.	Croham Hurst	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Bolagh-e Barzand (Persian: داشبلاغ برزند‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Bolāgh-e Barzand; also known as Dāsh Bolāgh) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dash Bolagh-e Barzand	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McCormack Building is a high-rise building adjacent to the Beacon Hill neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts.	McCormack Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hangestan (Persian: هنگستان‎, also Romanized as Hangestān) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hangestan	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ortigas Center is a financial and central business district located at the boundaries of Pasig, Mandaluyong, and Quezon City in the Philippines.	Ortigas Center	Mandaluyong	Quezon City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuhsar Kandeh (Persian: كوهساركنده‎, also Romanized as Kūhsār Kandeh) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kuhsar Kandeh	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Hajji Safar (Persian: حاجي ابادحاج صفر‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Ḩājjī Şafar; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Hajji Safar	Bala Jowayin Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poyang County (Traditional Chinese: 鄱陽縣; Simplified Chinese: 鄱阳县; Hanyu Pinyin: Póyáng Xiàn) is a county under the administration of Shangrao city in Jiangxi Province of the People's Republic of China.	Poyang County	Shangrao
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXNC in Charlotte, North Carolina is a Spanish language station known as ``Pepe Charlotte'', also heard on WGSP at 1310 AM.	WXNC	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shams-e Long (Persian: شمس لنگ‎) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shams-e Long	Sedeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Występa (vɨsˈtɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łączna, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Występa	Gmina Łączna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Fork Cache la Poudre River (locally called the North Fork) is a tributary of the Cache la Poudre River, approximately 59.2 miles (95.3 km) long, in north central Colorado in the United States.	North Fork Cache la Poudre River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoda Shahr (Persian: خداشهر‎, also Romanized as Khodā Shahr; also known as Khodashekhr) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khoda Shahr	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Resurrection Catholic Secondary School is a Catholic high school in Kitchener, Waterloo Region, Ontario, Canada.	Resurrection Catholic Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Ban Zehi (Persian: بي بان زهي‎, also Romanized as Bī Bān Zehī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bi Ban Zehi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glendale School of Reno, Nevada, is a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1864 and served as a school until 1958.	Glendale School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helmingham is a village in Suffolk, England, 12 miles (20 km) east of Stowmarket, and 12 miles north (20 km) of Ipswich.	Helmingham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehruiyeh-ye Bala (Persian: مهروييه بالا‎, also Romanized as Mehrū’īyeh-ye Bālā; also known as Mehrūeeyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mehruiyeh-ye Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinton/Bleibler Ranch Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBR4), is located 13 nautical miles (24 km; 15 mi) north northwest of Clinton, British Columbia, Canada.	Clinton/Bleibler Ranch Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ishpatina Ridge is the highest point of land in the Canadian province of Ontario, at an estimated 693 m (2,274 ft) above sea level.	Ishpatina Ridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portugal Cove-St. Philip's (47°37′40.9``N 52°51′14.5''W NST) is a rural seashore community located on the eastern Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Portugal Cove-St. Philip's	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landgraaf (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlɑntxraːf); Limburgish: Lankgraaf) is a municipality in southeastern Limburg, Netherlands.	Landgraaf	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black River (Portneuf) flows in the municipality of Saint-Alban and Saint-Casimir, in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, in Canada.	Black River (Portneuf)	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spotted Lake is a saline endorheic alkali lake located northwest of Osoyoos in the eastern Similkameen Valley of British Columbia, Canada, accessed via Highway 3.	Spotted Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swift River Reservation is a 439-acre (178 ha) open space preserve located in Petersham, Massachusetts, United States.	Swift River Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Worth Museum of Science and History is located on 1600 Gendy Street, Fort Worth, Texas 76107 in the city's Cultural District.	Fort Worth Museum of Science and History	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutova County is one of the historic counties of Moldavia, Romania with the city of Bârlad as capital.	Tutova County	Moldavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javanak-e Mohammad Hasan (Persian: جونك محمدحسن‎, also Romanized as Javānak-e Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Chenar Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Javanak-e Mohammad Hasan	Chenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguty-Rubiesze (bɔˈɡutɨ ruˈbjɛʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boguty-Rubiesze	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brue (Scottish Gaelic: Brù) is a village on the Isle of Lewis in the West Side district, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Brue	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Bridges is a neighbourhood within the town of Crawley, in the county of West Sussex in England.	Three Bridges	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honavar or Honnavar is a port town in Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka, India.	Honnavar	Uttara Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson County Jail and Marshal's House in Independence, Missouri, United States is a building constructed in 1859 to serve as a county jail for Jackson County, Missouri.	Jackson County Jail and Marshal's House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barmacheh-ye Bala Mahal (Persian: برمچه بالا محل‎, also Romanized as Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩal; also known as Barmache, Barmacheh, and Barmacheh-ye Bālā Maḩalleh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barmacheh-ye Bala Mahal	Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patekuh (Persian: پته كوه‎, also Romanized as Patekūh and Patekū) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Patekuh	Zahray-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunyang Subdistrict (Chinese: 昆阳街道; pinyin: Kūnyáng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict and the county seat of Jinning County, Yunnan, China.	Kunyang Subdistrict	Jinning County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Beach AME Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal church on the east side of CR 44 in Fairhope, Alabama.	Twin Beach AME Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armsby Block is an historic commercial building at 144-148 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Armsby Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Kareh (Persian: قشلاق كاره‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Kāreh) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Kareh	Garmkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Packington is a hamlet in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England.	Little Packington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafeh-ye Rudtalkh (Persian: مافه رودتلخ‎, also Romanized as Māfeh-e Rūdtalkh; also known as Māfeh) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mafeh-ye Rudtalkh	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novo Konomladi (Bulgarian: Ново Кономлади New Konomladi) is a village in Petrich Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Novo Konomladi	Petrich Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1844 Caversfield became part of Oxfordshire, but until then it was always an exclave of Buckinghamshire.	Caversfield	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glandyfi (formerly anglicised as Glandovey) is a small hamlet in the county of Ceredigion in Wales on the A487 trunk road from Machynlleth to Aberystwyth as well as Dovey Junction on the Cambrian Line.	Glandyfi	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młodzawy Małe (mwɔˈd͡zavɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Młodzawy Małe	Gmina Pińczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pałubinek (pawuˈbinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pałubinek	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peale Museum, also known officially as the Municipal Museum of the City of Baltimore, was a museum of paintings and natural history, located in the City of Baltimore, Maryland, USA.	Peale Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Dublin High School is a four-year public high school located in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Upper Dublin High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harkujärve (German: Harkojärw) is a village in Harku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Harkujärve	Harku Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madderty is a village in Strathearn, Perth and Kinross.	Madderty	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaindl Hut (German: Kaindlhütte) is a privately run mountain hut at a height of 1,293 metres (4,242 ft) in the Kaisergebirge mountains in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Kaindl Hut	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Garden was an arena located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Garden	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Project Rulison, named after the rural community of Rulison, Colorado, was an underground 40-kiloton nuclear test project in the United States on September 10, 1969, about 13 kilometres (8 mi) SE of the town of Grand Valley, Colorado (now named Parachute, Colorado) in Garfield County.	Project Rulison	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhongcang Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 中仓街道; traditional Chinese: 中倉街道; pinyin: Zhōngcāng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict and the seat of Tongzhou District, Beijing.	Zhongcang Subdistrict	Tongzhou District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biljeg is a village in Serbia in the municipality Merošina in Nisava district.	Biljeg	Merošina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College Club House and Gymnasium is an educational building located at 1416 College Avenue on the campus of Michigan Technological University in Houghton, Michigan.	College Club House and Gymnasium	Houghton
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBBG (88.1 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Waterloo, Iowa.	KBBG	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabiany (raˈbjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rabiany	Gmina Korytnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Halle Opera House (German: Opernhaus Halle) is an opera house in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt.	Halle Opera House	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	UMBC Stadium is a 4,500 seat stadium on the campus of UMBC in Catonsville, Maryland.	UMBC Stadium	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purfleet is a town in the Thurrock unitary authority in Essex, England.	Purfleet	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pecos Municipal Airport (IATA: PEQ, ICAO: KPEQ, FAA LID: PEQ) is a city-owned airport two miles southwest of Pecos, in Reeves County, Texas.	Pecos Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Cabarrus High School, commonly referred to simply as Northwest and abbreviated as NCHS, is a comprehensive public high school located in Kannapolis, North Carolina, USA.	Northwest Cabarrus High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	University School of the Lowcountry (USL) is a small independent school, grades 3-12, located in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina with IRS 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status.	University School of the Lowcountry	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roombeek (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈroːmbeːk)) is a working-class suburb of the Dutch city of Enschede.	Roombeek	Enschede
located in the administrative territorial entity	150 West Main Street is the fourth tallest building in Downtown Norfolk, Virginia, United States.	150 West Main Street	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monsanto House of the Future (also known as the Home of the Future) was an attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, USA, from 1957 to 1967.	Monsanto House of the Future	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferindonald or Ferrindonald (Scottish Gaelic: Fearann Dòmhnaill) is a crofting township, located on the east coast of the Sleat peninsula, lying on the A851 road, in the Isle of Skye, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ferindonald	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhlemir (Persian: نخل مير‎, also Romanized as Nakhlemīr, Nakhl-e Mīr, Nakhl-i-Mir, and Nakhl Mīr) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nakhlemir	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woore is a village and civil parish in the north east of Shropshire, England.	Woore	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermanowa Wola (xɛrmaˈnɔva ˈvɔla) (German: Hermanawolla; 1929-45:Hermannshorst) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Hermanowa Wola	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watervliet Shaker Historic District, in Colonie, New York, is the site of the first Shaker community.	Watervliet Shaker Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Bush, alternately spelled Whitebush, is one of Berkeley County, West Virginia's oldest brick mansions.	White Bush	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arusan (Persian: عروسان‎, also Romanized as ``Arūsān; also known as Arāsavān and Arasūn) is a village in Biabanak Rural District, in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Arusan	Biabanak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Land O'Lakes State Forest is a state forest located primarily in Cass, Minnesota, with portions extending into adjacent Aitkin and Crow Wing counties.	Land O'Lakes State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Executive Airport (FAA LID: W32), also known as Washington Executive Airpark or Hyde Field, is a public use general aviation airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Clinton, in Prince George's County, Maryland, USA.	Washington Executive Airport	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hershey Country Club is a country club located just outside the eastern city limits of Hershey, Pennsylvania, which was founded in 1930 by Milton S. Hershey.	Hershey Country Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ji Hal (Persian: جي هل‎, also Romanized as Jī Hal) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ji Hal	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Appalachia, located in Norris, Tennessee, 20 miles (32 km) north of Knoxville, is a living history museum that interprets the pioneer and early 20th-century period of the Southern Appalachian region of the United States.	Museum of Appalachia	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barree Forge and Furnace, now known as Greene Hills Methodist Camp, is a national historic district located at Porter Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Barree Forge and Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHMG-LP (98.7 FM) is a Catholic religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Purgitsville, West Virginia.	WHMG-LP	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burg Finstergrün is a castle in the state of Salzburg, Austria.	Burg Finstergrün	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVBG-FM (105.5 FM, V 105.5) is a radio station licensed to Redwood, Mississippi, USA, broadcasting a classic hits music format.	WVBG-FM	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabocas do Brejo Velho is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.	Tabocas do Brejo Velho	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huojia County (simplified Chinese: 获嘉; traditional Chinese: 獲嘉; pinyin: Huòjiā) is a county in Xinxiang, Henan province, China.	Huojia County	Xinxiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catawba College is a private, coeducational liberal arts college in Salisbury, North Carolina, USA.	Catawba College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jomlo Bari is a small village reside at West Siang District, Arunachal Pradesh.	Jomlo Bari	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandrele (sometimes spelled Bandrélé) is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean.	Bandrélé	Mayotte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadio Giuseppe Voltini is a multi-use stadium in Crema, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Stadio Giuseppe Voltini	Crema
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nurczyk-Kolonia (ˈnurt͡ʂɨk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nurczyk-Kolonia	Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlewiczki (barlɛˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Barlewiczki	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Gareyu (Persian: اب گريو‎, also Romanized as Āb Gareyū) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Gareyu	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staintondale (or Stainton Dale) is a small village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.	Staintondale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holme Valley is a large civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire, England.	Holme Valley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abingdon-Avon High School, or AAHS, is a public four-year high school located in Abingdon, Illinois.	Abingdon-Avon High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auldgirth is a village on the A76 road in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Auldgirth	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokowalska (pɔkɔˈvalska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pokowalska	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moose's Tooth (or simply Moose's Tooth, Mooses Tooth) is a rock peak on the east side of the Ruth Gorge in the Central Alaska Range, 15 miles (24 km) southeast of Denali.	The Moose's Tooth	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Małkowa (ˈvulka mau̯ˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tryńcza, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wólka Małkowa	Gmina Tryńcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stok Wiśniewski (ˈstɔk viɕˈɲefski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stok Wiśniewski	Gmina Wiśniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vitthal Udyognagar is a town and Vitthal Udyognagar INA is a co-extensive industrial notified area in Anand district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Vitthal Udyognagar INA	Anand district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson Mill Bridge State Park is a 1,018 acre (4.12 km²) Georgia state park located near Comer and Carlton on the South Fork of the Broad River.	Watson Mill Bridge State Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusice (kuˈɕit͡sɛ) (formerly German Kuhtz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kusice	Gmina Malechowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shami Kola (Persian: شاميكلا‎, also Romanized as Shāmī Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shami Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windigo Lake is a freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake, Sawyer County, United States, in township 40 north, range 9 west.	Windigo Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avdellero (Greek: Αβδελλερό (locally (aftelːeˈɾo))) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 8 km south of Athienou.	Avdellero	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čokori (Cyrillic: Чокори) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čokori	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielobłota (vjɛlɔˈbwɔta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wielobłota	Gmina Zabór
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomierzyn (pɔˈmjɛʐɨn) (German: Pammin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pomierzyn	Gmina Kalisz Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Forge Mansion is a historic home and property located at Boggs Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania.	Harmony Forge Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopatcong High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hopatcong, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school of the Hopatcong Public Schools.	Hopatcong High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wardyń Dolny (ˈvardɨɲ ˈdɔlnɨ) (German: Groß Wardin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wardyń Dolny	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Duri (Persian: بيدورئ‎, also Romanized as Bīd Dūrī; also known as Beduri, Bīdūrī, and Kahn-e Bīdūrī) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bid Duri	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mala Compra Plantation Archeological Site is an archaeological site in Palm Coast, Florida, on the east bank of the Matanzas River.	Mala Compra Plantation Archeological Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croyde is a village on the west-facing coastline of North Devon, England.	Croyde	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaresqan (Persian: جرسقان‎, also Romanized as Jaresqān; also known as Jers̄oqān) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jaresqan	Qarah Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steilacoom Catholic Church (also known as the Church of the Immaculate Conception) is a Roman Catholic church in Steilacoom, Washington, USA.	Steilacoom Catholic Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umong (Thai: อุโมงค์) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Lamphun District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 13,558 people.	Umong	Mueang Lamphun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinook Point is a headland in Pacific County, Washington.	Chinook Point	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seahpo Peak is a subsidiary peak of Mount Shuksan, which rises in the U.S. state of Washington.	Seahpo Peak	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putian (Chinese: 莆田) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Fujian province, China.	Putian	Fujian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleburne Building (also known as 924 West End Avenue) is an apartment building located at West End Avenue and 105th Street in Manhattan, New York City.	Cleburne Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site is a 745-acre (3.01 km2) park near Perryville, Kentucky, in Boyle County, Kentucky.	Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Q. M. Pyne Store, also known as the Palisades Restaurant, is a historic country store located at Eggleston, Giles County, Virginia.	Q. M. Pyne Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Smet Cemetery is a cemetery located southwest of the town of De Smet in Kingsbury County, South Dakota, USA.	De Smet Cemetery	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirchzarten is a town in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in the federal-state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	Kirchzarten	Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deraz Geri (Persian: درزگري‎, also Romanized as Deraz Gerī; also known as Daraz Keri, Darzeh Kerī, and Derāz Kerī) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Deraz Geri	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middop is a rural hamlet and civil parish in Lancashire, England.	Middop	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griffith University is a public research university in South East Queensland on the east coast of Australia.	Griffith University	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aminabad Agriculture Complex (Persian: مجتمع كشاورزي امين آباد‎, also Romanized as Mojtame` Keshāvarzī Āmīnābād) is a village and agriculture complex in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aminabad Agriculture Complex	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalikan-e Sofla (Persian: جليكان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jalīkān-e Soflá; also known as Jalīkān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jalikan-e Sofla	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Nazar (Persian: گل نظر‎, also Romanized as Gol Naẓar; also known as Mīdā) is a village in Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gol Nazar	Tarhan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Deh Garrison (Persian: پادگان نظامي نوده‎ -- Pādegān Neẓāmī Now Deh) is a village and garrison in Khormarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Cheshmeh Saran District, Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Now Deh Garrison	Khormarud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Patrick's Market is one of three public markets created in Toronto in the 19th century along with St. Lawrence Market and St. Andrew's Market.	St. Patrick's Market	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Diablo is a mountain of the Diablo Range, in Contra Costa County of the eastern San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California.	Mount Diablo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Moluag's church (Scottish Gaelic: Teampall Mholuaidh) is a 13th Century temple in the village of Eoropie in Ness in the Isle of Lewis in Scotland.	Teampall Mholuaidh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emma Prusch Farm Park is a 43.5 acre (176,000 m²) park in East San Jose, California.	Emma Prusch Farm Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Keru Kola (Persian: بالاكروكلا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Kerū Kolā and Bālā Karū Kolā; also known as Kerū Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Keru Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Smithfield is the name of a road in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London, part of the A1203 road.	East Smithfield	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfechan is a small church settlement consisting of a church and a farm, and the surrounding area, it is beside the A483 on the north side of the Irfon Valley near Cilmery, about 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) west of Builth Wells, Powys, Wales.	Llanfechan	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greater North Central Francophone Education Region No. 2, known in French as the Conseil scolaire Centre-Nord (CSCN), is Alberta's largest French language school board.	Greater North Central Francophone Education Region No. 2	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardlimeh (Persian: زردليمه‎, also Romanized as Zardlīmeh) is a village in Dinaran Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Zardlimeh	Dinaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karijini National Park is a national park centred in the Hamersley Ranges of the Pilbara region in the northwestern section of the Australian state of Western Australia.	Karijini National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saranza (Persian: سرانزا‎, also Romanized as Sarānzā and Sarānzhā; also known as Sar Nezā``) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 333, in 93 families.	Saranza	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chulan-e Abi (Persian: چولان ابي‎, also Romanized as Chūlān-e Ābī) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chulan-e Abi	Honam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Outer Hebrides, also known as the Western Isles (Scottish Gaelic: Na h-Eileanan Siar (nə ˈhelanən ˈʃiəɾ)), Innse Gall (``islands of the strangers'') or the Long Island, is an island chain off the west coast of mainland Scotland.	Outer Hebrides	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campo Santa Margherita is a large city square in the sestiere of Dorsoduro of Venice, Italy.	Campo Santa Margherita	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Trinity Lutheran Church is a church located in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Historic Trinity Lutheran Church	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neumünster station is the main railway station of the town of Neumünster in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Neumünster station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mexico Railroad Depot is a historic railway depot located at Mexico in Oswego County, New York.	Mexico Railroad Depot	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ore Mountain Museum (German: Erzgebirgsmuseum) is a museum in Annaberg-Buchholz in the German state of Saxony and located in the Ore Mountains of Central Europe.	Ore Mountain Museum	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Calvert Plaza, formerly the Continental Trust Company Building, is an historic 16-story, 76 m (249 ft) skyscraper in Baltimore, Maryland.	One Calvert Plaza	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum is a former iron mine, now a heritage museum, located on Euclid Street between Lakeshore Drive and Spruce Street in Ishpeming, Michigan.	Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The WNB Tower is a 12-story, 115 foot highrise building in downtown Midland, Texas.	WNB Tower	Midland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svarychiv (Ukrainian: Сваричів) is a village in the Rozhniativ Raion in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Svarychiv	Rozhniativ Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGHC (1400 AM, Rabun County Radio 1400) was a radio station licensed to serve Clayton, Georgia, USA.	WGHC	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fantastic Caverns is a show cave located in Springfield, Missouri.	Fantastic Caverns	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKID, ``Froggy 95.9'' is an FM radio station owned by Dial Broadcasting in Vevay, Indiana.	WKID	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mauren is a municipality of Liechtenstein that is situated in the north of the country.	Mauren	Liechtenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganyushkino (Kazakh: Ганюшкин, Russian: Ганюшкино) is the administrative center of the Kurmangazy District (Kazakh: Құрманғазы ауданы), Atyrau Region, Kazakhstan.	Ganyushkino	Kurmangazy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabot Trail is a highway and scenic roadway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.	Cabot Trail	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brackenridge Field Laboratory (BFL) is an urban research station owned by the University of Texas at Austin.	Brackenridge Field Laboratory	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alajujeh (Persian: الاجوجه‎, also Romanized as Alājūjeh; also known as Aladzhudzha, Ala Joojeh, and Alajuja) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alajujeh	Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niszczyce (niʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niszczyce	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuanfeng County (simplified Chinese: 团风县; traditional Chinese: 團風縣; pinyin: Tuánfēng Xiàn) is a county of Huanggang City, in the east of Hubei province, situated on the north (left) bank of the Yangtze River.	Tuanfeng County	Huanggang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bani Hu (Persian: باني هو‎, also Romanized as Bānī Hū and Bānīhū) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bani Hu	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KALL, ``ESPN 700'', is an all-sports radio station in the Salt Lake City, Utah area.	KALL	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karpniki (karpˈniki) (German: Fischbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Karpniki	Gmina Mysłakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrigley Square is a public square located in the northwest section of Millennium Park in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District of the Loop area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.	Wrigley Square	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fair Meadows Race Track is a large race track and betting center located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Fair Meadows Race Track	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brayton Grist Mill is an historic grist mill on US 44 in Pomfret, Connecticut.	Brayton Grist Mill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solano Community College (SCC) is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Fairfield, Solano County, California (between San Francisco and Sacramento).	Solano Community College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sussex County Farm and Horse Show is a ten-day agricultural fair that is held at the Sussex County Fairgrounds in Augusta, New Jersey every August and attracts approximately 220,000 attendees annually.	Sussex County Farm and Horse Show	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muldrow Glacier, also known as McKinley Glacier, is a large glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Muldrow Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganjingzi District (simplified Chinese: 甘井子区; traditional Chinese: 甘井子區; pinyin: Gānjǐngzǐ Qū) is one of the seven districts of Dalian, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the urban core.	Ganjingzi District	Dalian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godhra is a Municipality in Panchmahal district in Indian state of Gujarat.	Godhra	Panchmahal district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howell Prairie is an area west of Silverton, Oregon, United States, between the Little Pudding River and the Pudding River.	Howell Prairie	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzamohammadi-ye Pain (Persian: ميرزامحمدي پايين‎, also Romanized as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Mīrzāmoḩammadī-ye Soflá) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mirzamohammadi-ye Pain	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lohéac (Breton: Lohieg, Gallo: Lozeiac) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Lohéac	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eightmile Island is a forested island on the Ohio River in Mason County, West Virginia.	Eightmile Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemojowice-Kolonia (ɲɛmɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niemojowice-Kolonia	Gmina Żarnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wye Oak was the largest white oak tree in the United States and the State Tree of Maryland from 1941 until its demise in 2002.	Wye Oak	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paper Mill Playhouse is a regional theater with approximately 1200 seats, located in Millburn, New Jersey.	Paper Mill Playhouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutli-ye Kuchek (Persian: توتلي كوچك‎, also Romanized as Tūtlī-ye Kūchek) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tutli-ye Kuchek	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruki Unisławskie (ˈbruki uniˈswafskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Unisław, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bruki Unisławskie	Gmina Unisław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little York Pavilion, also known as Dwyer Memorial County Park, Main Pavilion, is an historic trolley park pavilion located at Preble in Cortland County, New York.	Little York Pavilion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taherabad-e Torkha (Persian: طاهرابادتركها‎, also Romanized as Ţāherābād-e Torkhā; also known as Ţāherābād-e Tork, Ţāherābād, and Tirva) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taherabad-e Torkha	Pasakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Superior Building, originally known as the Cleveland Discount Building, is a high-rise building in Cleveland, Ohio.	Superior Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nike Missile Site HM-69 (also known as Hole in the Donut or Everglades Nike Site or Missile Base) is a former Nike-Hercules missile base, now listed as a historic site west of Homestead, Florida, United States.	Nike Missile Site HM-69	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viderup Castle (Swedish: Viderups slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Viderup Castle	Eslöv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ike Skelton Bridge is a set of girder bridges on Route 13 over the Missouri River at Lexington, Missouri between Ray County and Lafayette County.	Ike Skelton Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Życka (ˈvɔla ˈʐɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Życka	Gmina Trojanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auldbrass Plantation or Auldbrass is located in Beaufort County, South Carolina, near the town of Yemassee.	Auldbrass Plantation	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckeye Valley High School is a rural public high school located in Delaware County's Troy Township, north of Delaware, Ohio.	Buckeye Valley High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omulna (ɔˈmulna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Omulna	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glasgow National Hockey Centre is a facility for playing field hockey, situated on Glasgow Green in Glasgow, United Kingdom.	Glasgow National Hockey Centre	Glasgow Green
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zvornik (Cyrillic: Зворник, pronounced (zʋɔ̌rniːk)) is a city on the Drina river in north-eastern, Bosnia and Herzegovina, situated in the Republika Srpska entity.	Zvornik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middlewick House is a Grade II listed, Georgian style house in Corsham, Wiltshire, England.	Middlewick House	Corsham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McGuirk Arena, previously known as the Daniel P. Rose Center (commonly as Rose Arena), is a multi-purpose arena, in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, United States.	McGuirk Arena	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladbeck (German pronunciation: (ˈɡlat.bɛk)) is a city in the district of Recklinghausen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Gladbeck	Recklinghausen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesah-ye Sofla (Persian: نسه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nesah-ye Soflá; also known as Nesah-ye Mollā Ghaz̧anfar) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Nesah-ye Sofla	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Range Community Building is a community center located on Trimountain Avenue in South Range, Michigan.	South Range Community Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Peel Secondary School is a high school that is located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada, and it is operated by the Peel District School Board.	Central Peel Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDJW is the call sign of the FM radio station licensed to the Somers, Connecticut Board of Education.	WDJW	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bingham High School is a public high school located in South Jordan, Utah, United States, and one of seven high schools in the Jordan School District.	Bingham High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old School Baptist Church of Halcottsville is a historic Baptist church building on Old NY 30 in Halcottsville, Delaware County, New York.	Old School Baptist Church of Halcottsville	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fereydun Kola (Persian: فريدون كلا‎, also Romanized as Fereydūn Kolā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Fereydun Kola	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benedum Center for the Performing Arts (formerly the Stanley Theatre) is a theater and concert hall located at 237 7th Street in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Benedum Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reštanj (pronounced (ɾɛˈʃtaːn)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Reštanj	Krško
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maret School is a coeducational, K-12 independent school in Washington, D.C..	Maret School	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilden Lake is a community in Ontario, Canada, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) from North Bay along Highway 11.	Tilden Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardclach (Gaelic: Àird Chlach) is a small crofting hamlet, close to Glenferness in the old county of Nairn, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ardclach	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tileh Dar (Persian: تيله دار‎, also Romanized as Tīleh Dār) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tileh Dar	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnikava (livonian: Sarnikau, german: Koivemund) is a village in Carnikava municipality, Latvia.	Carnikava	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudolph and Arthur Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township and New London Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Rudolph and Arthur Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes, formerly known as Estadio Córdoba and popularly Estadio Olímpico Chateau Carreras, is a stadium in the Chateau Carreras neighborhood of Córdoba, Argentina.	Estadio Mario Alberto Kempes	Córdoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Please Touch Museum is a children's museum located in the Centennial District of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Please Touch Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace Hopkinson Eliot Hall, often called Eliot Hall, is an historic dormitory building on the Radcliffe Quadrangle of Harvard University at 51 Shepard Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Grace Hopkinson Eliot Hall	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	The H. S. Williams House was a historic U.S. home located at 1219 Rockledge Drive, Rockledge, Florida.	H. S. Williams House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts in Worcester, Massachusetts, United States was originally built in 1904 as the Franklin Square Theatre regularly scheduling burlesque shows, Broadway touring shows and headline acts transitioning to showing silent films by 1912 when vaudeville magnate Sylvester Poli purchased the theatre from the estate of Pauline L. Taylor.	Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monte Mario Observatory (Sede di Monte Mario, literally ``Monte Mario Site'') is an astronomical observatory and is part of the Rome Observatory (Osservatorio Astronomico di Roma).	Monte Mario Observatory	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Dannun (Arabic: خان دنون‎, also spelled Khan Danun, Khan Dunnun or Khan Dhul-Nun) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Markaz Rif Dimashq District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.	Khan Dannun	Markaz Rif Dimashq
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krekole (krɛˈkɔlɛ) (German: Krekollen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krekole	Gmina Kiwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Żukowska (ˈvulka ʐuˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Żukowska	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Rubidoux Manor is a 16-story residential tower located in downtown Riverside, California.	Mount Rubidoux Manor	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenny Stratford is a constituent town of Milton Keynes, ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire, England and in the Civil Parish of Bletchley and Fenny Stratford.	Fenny Stratford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin P. Westervelt House, located in Cresskill, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, was the home of Benjamin Westervelt, a member of the local militia during the American Revolutionary War.	Benjamin P. Westervelt House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge Inner and Outer Lights are a pair of lighthouses located on the west pier at the entry to Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge, in Grand Marais, Michigan.	Grand Marais Harbor of Refuge Inner and Outer Lights	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castagneto is a frazione (outlying area) of the Italian city of Teramo.	Castagneto	Teramo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Waterfield House, also known as the Waterfield Octagon House, is an historic octagonal house located at 308 3rd Street, South in Raymond, Iowa.	William Waterfield House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Halifax Regional School Board (HRSB) is the public school board responsible for 136 elementary, junior high, and high schools located within the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Halifax Regional School Board	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yahyalı is a town and district in Kayseri Province of Turkey.	Yahyalı	Kayseri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tintange is a village and a section de commune of the Belgian municipality of Fauvillers in the province of Luxembourg.	Tintange	Fauvillers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davodli (Persian: داودلي‎, also Romanized as Dāvodlī and Dāvūdlī) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Davodli	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinglassie (Gaelic: Cille MoGhlasaidh) is a small village in central Fife, Scotland.	Kinglassie	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boxwell is a hamlet in Gloucestershire, England, near the village of Leighterton	Boxwell	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Bélair is a peak in the Laurentian Mountains, Quebec, Canada, with an altitude of 485 m (1,591 ft).	Mount Bélair	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Kwakel is a village in the municipality of Uithoorn, North Holland, the Netherlands, near the border with South Holland.	De Kwakel	Uithoorn	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribbon Fall, located in Yosemite National Park in California, flows off a cliff on the west side of El Capitan and is the longest single-drop waterfall in North America.	Ribbon Fall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berdychów (bɛrˈdɨxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Berdychów	Gmina Kobylin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard A. Hanson Dam is an earthen embankment dam on the Green River, 21 miles (34 km) east of Auburn, Washington.	Howard A. Hanson Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Routh Mounds is a Plaquemine culture archaeological site in Tensas Parish, Louisiana.	Routh Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDaniel College is a private four-year liberal arts college in Westminster, Maryland, USA, located 30 miles (50 km) northwest of Baltimore.	McDaniel College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quri Qaleh Rural District (Persian: دهستان قوری‌قلعه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Quri Qaleh Rural District	Shahu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Rest is a historic religious summer retreat on Wildwood Lane, off Spruce Corner Road in Goshen, Massachusetts.	Mountain Rest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajerze (baˈjɛʐɛ) (German: Baiersee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bajerze	Gmina Kijewo Królewskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishva County (Persian: شهرستان پیشوا‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Pishva County	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madeira (/məˈdɪərə/ mə-DEER-ə or /məˈdɛərə/ mə-DAIR-ə; Portuguese: (mɐˈðejɾɐ) or (mɐˈðɐjɾɐ)) is a Portuguese archipelago located in the north Atlantic Ocean, west and slightly south of Portugal.	Madeira	Portugal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alut District (Persian: بخش الوت‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Alut District	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Ten Broeck House, also known as the Felten-Ten Broeck-Chmura House, is located on Flatbush Road (NY 32) in the Town of Ulster, north of Kingston, New York, United States.	Benjamin Ten Broeck House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joliet Catholic Academy (Joliet Catholic or JCA) is a coed Catholic High School located in Joliet, Illinois.	Joliet Catholic Academy	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rayo Vallecano de Madrid, S.A.D. (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈraʝo βaʎeˈkano ðe maˈðɾið)), often abbreviated to Rayo, is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the neighbourhood of Vallecas.	Rayo Vallecano	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moscow-Pullman Daily News is a U.S. daily newspaper serving the Moscow, Idaho, and Pullman, Washington, metropolitan area.	Moscow-Pullman Daily News	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cleveland Park is a neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C. It is bounded by Albemarle Street NW to the north, Rodman and Quebec Streets NW to the south, Wisconsin and Nebraska Avenues NW to the west, and Connecticut Avenue to the east.	North Cleveland Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miveh Rud (Persian: ميوه رود‎, also Romanized as Mīveh Rūd and Miveh Rood; also known as Movārī, Muvāri, and Myuvari) is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Miveh Rud	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSFM (102.5 FM) is a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits formatted radio station serving the Sacramento, California, area.	KSFM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirów Stary (ˈmiruf ˈstarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirów, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mirów Stary	Gmina Mirów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bald Knob National Wildlife Refuge is a 15,022 acres (60.79 km2) (2014) wildlife refuge located in White County, Arkansas about two miles south of the town of Bald Knob.	Bald Knob National Wildlife Refuge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhosesmor is a small village near Mold, Flintshire, in north-east Wales.	Rhosesmor	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Gonbad-e Sofla (Persian: قره گنبدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Gonbad-e Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Gonbad-e Sofla	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doktorce (dɔkˈtɔrt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Doktorce	Gmina Suraż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Abbot is a market town and civil parish in the Teignbridge District of Devon, England on the River Teign, with a population of 25,556.	Newton Abbot	Teignbridge	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington and Lee University School of Law (W&L Law) is a private American Bar Association-accredited law school located in Lexington in the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia.	Washington and Lee University School of Law	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royals Football Club or Royals Football and Sporting Club, is an Australian rules football club located in Albany, Western Australia playing in the Great Southern Football League.	Royals Football Club	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palliser Regional Park is a located about 10 minutes from the town of Riverhurst, Saskatchewan.	Palliser Regional Park	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTCU-FM is a radio station in Fort Worth, Texas, broadcasting from Texas Christian University.	KTCU-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikicin (miˈkit͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mikicin	Gmina Jaświły
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Miguel dos Campos-AL is a municipality located in the eastern half of the Brazilian state of Alagoas.	São Miguel dos Campos	Alagoas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anum is a Guan town in Asuogyaman District of the Eastern Region of Ghana, across from the Volta Lake.	Anum	Asuogyaman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorgan County (Persian: شهرستان گرگان‎) is a county in Golestan Province in Iran.	Gorgan County	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mississagi Island is an island in the North Channel of Lake Huron in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada, about 6.3 kilometres (3.9 mi) south of the mouth of the Mississagi River and 9.0 kilometres (5.6 mi) southwest of the community of Blind River.	Mississagi Island	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królowe Stojło (kruˈlɔvɛ ˈstɔi̯wɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Królowe Stojło	Gmina Gródek
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gabriel High School is a public high school located around the border of San Gabriel and Alhambra, California and run by the Alhambra Unified School District.	San Gabriel High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Market NYC is a designer and vintage goods flea market on Bleecker Street in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	The Market NYC	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tayinloan (Scottish Gaelic: Taigh an Lòin, pronounced (t̪ɤj ə lˠ̪ɔːɲ)) is a village situated on the west coast of the Kintyre peninsula in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Tayinloan	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshdalaq (Persian: اشدلق‎; also known as Uchky ``Uliya, Ūshdelaq, Ushtula, and Uzhkyulya) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 9 families.	Oshdalaq	Goyjah Bel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Końcowizna (kɔɲt͡sɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Końcowizna	Gmina Suraż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles B. Aycock High School (CBA) is a public high school in Wayne County, North Carolina, United States, that opened in 1961.	Charles B. Aycock High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernice MacNaughton High School (usually abbreviated as Bernice MacNaughton, MacNaughton, or BMHS), is a high school in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Bernice MacNaughton High School	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talali (Persian: طلالي‎, also Romanized as Ţalālī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Talali	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waiola Church is the site of a historic mission established in 1823 on the island of Maui in Hawaii.	Waiola Church	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadayam is a village in the district of Tirunelveli in the state of Tamil Nadu in India.	Kadayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarluty Małe (jarˈlutɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarluty Małe	Gmina Regimin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larkhill is a garrison town in the civil parish of Durrington, Wiltshire, England.	Larkhill	Durrington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyd Beyg (Persian: صيدبيگ‎, also Romanized as Şeyd Beyg; also known as Seyyedī Beyg) is a village in Soluk Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyd Beyg	Soluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Abad District is situated in the eastern part of Kunduz Province, Afghanistan.	Khan Abad District	Kunduz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab-e Shirinak (Persian: ابشيرينك‎, also Romanized as Āb-e Shīrīnak; also known as Āb-e Shīrīnak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab-e Shirinak	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baszowice (baʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Słupia, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Baszowice	Gmina Nowa Słupia
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Wycombe (/ˌhaɪ ˈwɪkəm/), often referred to as Wycombe, is a large town in Buckinghamshire, England.	High Wycombe	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHOC (102.5 FM, ``Heart 102.5'') is a commercial radio station located in Casper, Wyoming.	KHOC	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuk Po (Chinese: 谷埔; pinyin: Gŭ Bù) is situated in the north eastern New Territories of Hong Kong, to the south of the Starling Inlet (Shataukok Hoi, Sha Tau Kok Hoi), opposite the town of Shataukok.	Kuk Po	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avenue Theater, located at 417 E. 17th Avenue in Downtown Denver, Colorado has been a producing comedies, musicals, and plays as well as improvisational comedy for 30 years.	Avenue Theater	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangarmau is a city and a municipal board in Unnao district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.It is situated on the left bank of Kalyani, about 49 km north-west of Unnao and 22 km north-west of Safipur on the Unnao-Hardoi road.	Bangarmau	Unnao district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Territory of Ashmore and Cartier Islands is an uninhabited external territory of Australia consisting of four low-lying tropical islands in two separate reefs, and the 12 nautical mile territorial sea generated by the islands.	Ashmore and Cartier Islands	Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padehkeh (Persian: پده كه‎; also known as Padkeh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Padehkeh	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladstone Secondary School is a public secondary school located in the Kensington-Cedar Cottage neighbourhood in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Gladstone Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Peak is the name given to the officially unnamed mountain peak west of Liberty Pass in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Liberty Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Želiezovce (Hungarian: Zselíz, (formerly) Zseliz, (til 1895) Zeliz, Zeléz, German: Zelis (rare)) is a town in Slovakia in the Nitra Region, in the Levice District, near the Hron river.	Želiezovce	Levice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rejów (ˈrɛjuf) (German: Rehlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rejów	Gmina Nowe Miasteczko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deolond is a village in the Shahdol district of Madhya Pradesh in India, situated at a distance of 51 km (32 mi) from Rewa on Rewa --	Deolond	Shahdol district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaessingue (Alemannic German: Zäsige; German: Zässingen) is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Zaessingue	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mangaltar, Sagarmatha is a village and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal.	Mangaltar, Sagarmatha	Khotang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speke Hall is a wood-framed wattle-and-daub Tudor manor house in Speke, Liverpool, England.	Speke Hall	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahwah High School (MHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students from Mahwah, Bergen County, New Jersey, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as the only secondary school of the Mahwah Township Public Schools.	Mahwah High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogiłka (mɔˈɡiu̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mogiłka	Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bormio (Lombard: Bormi, Romansh: Buorm , German: Worms im Veltlintal) is a town and comune with a population of about 4,100 located in the Province of Sondrio, Lombardy region of the Alps in northern Italy.	Bormio	Province of Sondrio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taqiabad-e Shahrestan (Persian: تقي ابادشهرستان‎, also Romanized as Taqīābād-e Shahrestān; also known as Taqīābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Taqiabad-e Shahrestan	Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrudki (ˈskrutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skrudki	Gmina Żyrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallecito Dam (National ID # CO01695) is a dam in La Plata County, Colorado, a few miles northeast of Durango.	Vallecito Dam	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spencerville Adventist Academy is a Seventh-day Adventist full K-12 day academy located in Spencerville, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Spencerville Adventist Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogstadvannet (English: Lake Bogstad) is a lake between the city of Oslo and the municipality of Bærum, Akershus, Norway.	Bogstadvannet	Oslo	Bærum
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dennis-State Streets Historic District is a residential historic district located on the south side of the city of Adrian in Lenawee County, Michigan.	Dennis-State Streets Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datianwan Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 大田湾体育场) is a multi-purpose stadium in Chongqing, China.	Datianwan Stadium	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heilig Hüsli (Holy house) is a bridge chapel in Rapperswil, Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Heilig Hüsli	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandy Point State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area located on Sandy Point at the western end of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Sandy Point State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernina District is an administrative district in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Bernina District	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln American Tower is a 22-story building located at the corner of North Main and Court streets in Memphis, Tennessee.	Lincoln American Tower	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria in Via Lata is a church on the Via del Corso (the ancient Via Lata), in Rome, Italy.	Santa Maria in Via Lata	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre 200 is Cape Breton's primary sports and entertainment facility, located in Sydney, Nova Scotia.	Centre 200	Sydney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mojirabad (Persian: مجيراباد‎, also Romanized as Mojīrābād) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mojirabad	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lääne County (Estonian: Lääne maakond), or Läänemaa (literally ``Western land''; German: Wiek, Latin: Rotalia), is one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Lääne County	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Darva (Persian: چاه دروا‎, also Romanized as Chāh Darvā; also known as Chāh-e Darbā) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Darva	Asir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Whopper mine is a large mine located in the eastern part of Canada in Ontario.	Big Whopper mine	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Academy of Our Lady of Guam (AOLG) is an all-girls Catholic high school located at 233 Archbishop Felixberto C. Flores Street in Hagåtña, Guam, United States.	Academy of Our Lady of Guam	Hagåtña
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llofriu (name of Germanic origin) is an aggregate of the town of Palafrugell (Baix Empordà), in Catalonia (Spain).	Llofriu	Palafrugell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapy-Szołajdy (ˈwapɨ ʂɔˈwai̯dɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łapy-Szołajdy	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamar Kola (Persian: كمركلا‎, also Romanized as Kamar Kolā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kamar Kola	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clandon railway station is located in the village of West Clandon in Surrey, England.	Clandon railway station	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shizan (Persian: شيزن‎, also Romanized as Shīzan) is a village in Kuhsangi Rural District, Miyan Velayat District, Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shizan	Kuhsangi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howell Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Mississippi State University's Astronomy and Physics department.	Howell Observatory	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roxby cum Risby is a civil parish forming part of the district of North Lincolnshire, England.	Roxby cum Risby	North Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azowlissé or Azaourissè is a small town and arrondissement located in the commune of Adjohoun in the Borgou Department of Benin.	Azowlissé	Adjohoun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleb Sara (Persian: طالب سرا‎, also Romanized as Ţāleb Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Taleb Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Muri (Persian: كلاته موري‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mūrī) is a village in Darband Rural District, Jolgeh Sankhvast District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Muri	Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Třebařov (German: Triebendorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Třebařov	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liri's source is in the Monte Camiciola, elevation 1,701 metres (5,581 ft), in the Monti Simbruini of central Apennines (Abruzzo, comune of Cappadocia).	Liri	Abruzzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auraria 9th Street Historic District is a historic district in Denver, Colorado at Auraria Campus.	Auraria 9th Street Historic District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligęzów (liˈɡɛ̃zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ligęzów	Gmina Klwów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostachuk Square is a historic city square in the Mission Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Kostachuk Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Miccosukee is a large swampy prairie lake in northern Jefferson County, Florida, located east of the settlement of Miccosukee.	Lake Miccosukee	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Cabrillo Light is a lighthouse in northern California, United States, between Point Arena and Cape Mendocino, just south of the community of Caspar.	Point Cabrillo Light	Caspar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazików (jaˈʑikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Jazików	Gmina Ruda-Huta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillian Glacier was located in the Olympic Mountains in Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Lillian Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Laram (Persian: اكبرابادلارم‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Lāram; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Laram	Tolbozan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cocentaina (Valencian: (kosenˈtajna), Spanish: (koθenˈtaina)) is a town located in the comarca of Comtat, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Cocentaina	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Miles was an American military installation located on Cape Henlopen near Lewes, Delaware.	Fort Miles	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sherman Kent School for Intelligence Analysis is a training school for Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) intelligence analysts located in Reston, Virginia.	Sherman Kent School for Intelligence Analysis	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naduiyeh-ye Miani (Persian: ندوئيه مياني‎, also Romanized as Nadū’īyeh-ye Mīānī; also known as Nadūeeyeh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Naduiyeh-ye Miani	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashneh Daran (Persian: پاشنه دران‎, also Romanized as Pāshneh Dārān; also known as Pāshneh Dar, Pāshneh Darū, and Pāshteh Darān) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pashneh Daran	Dastgerdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scusset Beach State Reservation is a state-operated, public recreation area located in the town of Sandwich in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, at the east end of the Cape Cod Canal on land formerly part of Sagamore Hill Military Reservation.	Scusset Beach State Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization with a modern extensive museum facility located in Pooler, Georgia, in the western suburbs of Savannah.	National Museum of the Mighty Eighth Air Force	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennelager is a village in Germany that forms part of the City of Paderborn.	Sennelager	Paderborn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edinburgh Corn Exchange is a conference, banqueting, wedding, sports and live music venue in the Chesser suburb of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Edinburgh Corn Exchange	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balding Avenue Historic District is located along the street of the same name, between Mansion and Marshall streets, in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States.	Balding Avenue Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badakhshan Province (Pashto: بدخشان ولایت‎ / Dari: استان بدخشان) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan, located in the farthest northeastern part of the country between Tajikistan and northern Pakistan.	Badakhshan Province	Afghanistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilva Dashtan (Persian: گيلوادشتان‎, also Romanized as Gīlvā Dashtān and Gīlovā Dashtān; also known as Gīlovā and Gīlvā) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gilva Dashtan	Kenar Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czuszów (ˈt͡ʂuʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czuszów	Gmina Pałecznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokołów-Kolonia (sɔˈkɔwuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sokołów-Kolonia	Gmina Kiernozia
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Prospect Church, also known as New Prospect Baptist Church, is a historic Baptist church located at 4445 Sheep Creek Road near Bedford, Bedford County, Virginia, USA.	New Prospect Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lucero is a playa located within that section of the Tularosa Basin that is contained within the White Sands National Monument in the U.S. state of New Mexico.	Lake Lucero	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakland Estuary is the strait separating the cities of Oakland and Alameda, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Oakland Estuary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabar (Persian: نابر‎, also Romanized as Nābar) is a village in Babaafzal Rural District, Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nabar	Babaafzal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Mogotoyevo (Russian: Моготоево) is the largest salt lake in the Sakha Republic in Russia.	Lake Mogotoyevo	Sakha Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryn Mawr Film Institute is a non-profit, community-owned movie theater located in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, a town on Philadelphia's Main Line.	Bryn Mawr Film Institute	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzekowo-Bezrzecze is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river, west of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town, in Zachód (West) District.	Krzekowo-Bezrzecze	Szczecin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Osceola Apartment Hotel (also known as Azure Villas) is a historic hotel in Miami Springs, Florida.	Osceola Apartment Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hostetter Inn is a historic lodging facility located outside the village of Lisbon, Ohio, United States.	Hostetter Inn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tybo Charcoal Kilns are a pair of charcoal kilns located 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Tybo, Nevada.	Tybo Charcoal Kilns	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kate's Basin Fire is a wildfire complex which began burning southwest of Thermopolis and north of Riverton in Hot Springs County, Wyoming.	Kate's Basin Fire	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torshakli (Persian: ترشكلي‎, also Romanized as Torshaklī; also known as Tūshkanī) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Torshakli	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koskela (Finnish), Forsby (Swedish) is a district in the city of Helsinki, Finland.	Koskela	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marunowo (maruˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnków, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marunowo	Gmina Czarnków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shand-e Masumeh (Persian: شندمعصومه‎, also Romanized as Shand-e Ma``şūmeh) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 30 families.	Shand-e Masumeh	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Clandon is a village and civil parish in Surrey, England on the A246 between the towns of Guildford to the west and Leatherhead to the east.	East Clandon	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolhur (Persian: بلهور‎, also Romanized as Bolhūr; also known as Bolhar) is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bolhur	Garmsir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afton Alps is a ski resort, which hosts a collection of ski and snowboard trails, located along the St. Croix River in the northeast corner of Denmark Township, Washington County, south of Afton, Minnesota in the United States.	Afton Alps	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shooting at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City comprised seven events.	Shooting at the 1968 Summer Olympics	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Nouba is a Cirque du Soleil show in residence in a custom-built, freestanding theater at Disney Springs' West Side at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida.	La Nouba	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faiyum Governorate (Arabic: محافظة الفيوم‎‎ Muḥāfaẓat al Fayyūm) is one of the governorates of Egypt in the middle of the country.	Faiyum Governorate	Egypt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Segalstad bru (Segalstad bridge) is the administrative centre of Gausdal municipality, Norway.	Segalstad bru	Gausdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavilion is a 6,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Villanova, Pennsylvania, United States, about 10 miles outside of Philadelphia.	The Pavilion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Vleck House and Gardens, a former private estate by the eponymous family, is a non-profit community resource in Montclair in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, that displays a public botanical garden of mostly ericaceous plants that has been developed over several generations.	Van Vleck House and Gardens	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polanka Hallera (pɔˈlaŋka xalˈlɛra) (English: Haller's Valley) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Polanka Hallera	Gmina Skawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadalur (Tamil: வடலூர்) is a panchayat town in Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vadalur	Cuddalore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golab Rural District (Persian: دهستان گلاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Golab Rural District	Barzok District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assagay, also spelt Assegay, is a suburb of eThekwini in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa and forms a part of the Upper Highway Area.	Assagay	eThekwini
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciechów (ˈt͡ɕexuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ciechów	Gmina Środa Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surhów-Kolonia (ˈsurxuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kraśniczyn, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Surhów-Kolonia	Gmina Kraśniczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYMS (89.9 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to Rathdrum, Idaho, USA.	KYMS	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palotaka is a community in Magwi County of Eastern Equatoria state in South Sudan.	Palotaka	Magwi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaemiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قائميه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Qā’emīyeh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qaemiyeh-ye Sofla	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgia City, Missouri, is the name of a former town in Jasper County, Missouri, about 15 miles north of Joplin, Missouri.	Georgia City, Missouri	Jasper County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dworszowice Pakoszowe (dvɔrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ pakɔˈʂɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulmierzyce, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dworszowice Pakoszowe	Gmina Sulmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Müntschemier (French: Monsmier) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Müntschemier	Seeland administrative district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Münder (also: Bad Münder am Deister) is a town in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany, situated on the south side the Deister hills, approximatively 15 km northeast of Hamelin.	Bad Münder	Hamelin-Pyrmont
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schlitz Christmas Candle is a candle-like structure unveiled every Christmas season in Schlitz, a small town in Hesse, Germany.	Schlitz Christmas Candle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golujeh-ye Olya (Persian: گلوجه عليا‎, also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 7 families.	Golujeh-ye Olya	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosibądy (nɔɕiˈbɔndɨ) (formerly German Naseband) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nosibądy	Gmina Grzmiąca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velna (Seto: Velnä) is a village in Värska Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.	Velna	Värska Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battle Mountain Airport (IATA: BAM, ICAO: KBAM, FAA LID: BAM), also known as Lander County Airport, is a public-use airport located 3 miles (5 km) southeast of the central business district of Battle Mountain, Nevada, United States.	Battle Mountain Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Gachgaran (Persian: شهرك گچگران‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Gachgarān) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Gachgaran	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doddycross is a small hamlet at a crossroads in the former Caradon district of southeast Cornwall, England, UK, with a population of <50.	Doddycross	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints Catholic Boys College is an all day, Roman Catholic school located in Liverpool, a suburb of New South Wales.	All Saints Catholic Boys College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klickitat Glacier is located on the east slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington.	Klickitat Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Rocky Pond, also known as Rocky Pond, is a 20-acre (81,000 m2) pond in the Ponds of Plymouth neighborhood of Plymouth, Massachusetts.	Big Rocky Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Thurrock is a ward and Church of England parish in the unitary authority of Thurrock, Essex.	Little Thurrock	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Pelayo or Pelayo is a village in the municipality of Algeciras in the Province of Cadiz in southeastern Spain, It is located 7 miles (11 km) southwest from the city centre, along the main road to the southern tip of Spain at Tarifa, which is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) away.	El Pelayo	Algeciras
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laski Koszalińskie (ˈlaski kɔʂaˈliɲskʲɛ) (formerly German Latzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biesiekierz, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Laski Koszalińskie	Gmina Biesiekierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Gruszowska (ˈvɔla ɡruˈʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Gruszowska	Gmina Radziemice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn-Roosevelt State Park is a 41 acres (17 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Harris Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Penn-Roosevelt State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarqideh (Persian: ترقيده‎, also Romanized as Tarqīdeh; also known as Tarkīdeh) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tarqideh	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dierenpark De Oliemeulen (Zoo The Oliemeulen) is a small zoo in Tilburg, Netherlands that describes itself as ``the strangest zoo in the Netherlands''.	De Oliemeulen	Tilburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The José Rizal Memorial Protected Landscape, also known as the Rizal Park and Shrine, is a protected landscape and memorial to the Philippines' national hero located in the city of Dapitan on the island of Mindanao.	José Rizal Memorial Protected Landscape	Dapitan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swojczany (sfɔi̯ˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Swojczany	Gmina Charsznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hauho was amalgamated with the municipality of Hämeenlinna on 1 January 2009.	Hauho	Hämeenlinna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pant Glas (Welsh for Green Hollow - in Welsh, as in other Celtic languages, ``glas'' may mean both 'green' and 'blue') is a hamlet on the A487 road in Gwynedd, Wales.	Pant Glas	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Boluqu (Persian: چشمه بلوقو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bolūqū; also known as Cheshmeh Būlūqū) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Boluqu	Khvajehei Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Hope Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located in Elk Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Glen Hope Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gillender Building was an early 20-story skyscraper in the Financial District of Manhattan in New York City.	Gillender Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yale Park is a public waterfront park located on the shores of Yale Lake in Washington, United States.	Yale Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhvor-e Allahi (Persian: سوخورالهي‎, also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Allahī) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sukhvor-e Allahi	Heydariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianchi County (simplified Chinese: 渑池; traditional Chinese: 澠池; pinyin: Miǎnchí) falls under the jurisdiction of Sanmenxia City, Henan.	Mianchi County	Sanmenxia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modrik (Serbian: Модрик) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Modrik	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Ashian (Persian: باداشيان‎, also Romanized as Bād Āshīān) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bad Ashian	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henley House was the first inland post established by the Hudson's Bay Company, and is located in what is today Kenora District, Ontario, Canada.	Henley House	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monument Park Historic District is a historic district centered on Monument Park in downtown Fitchburg, Massachusetts.	Monument Park Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne Frontier Days is an outdoor rodeo and western celebration held annually since 1897 in Cheyenne, Wyoming, USA.	Cheyenne Frontier Days	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Revis Hill Prairie State Natural Area, also known as Revis Hill Prairie Nature Preserve, is a 412.7-acre (167.0 ha) state park located six miles south of Easton in Mason County, Illinois.	Revis Hill Prairie	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiguebelle Abbey (French: Abbaye Notre-Dame d'Aiguebelle) is a Trappist monastery situated in the communes of Montjoyer and Réauville in the département of Drôme, on the borders of the Dauphiné and of Provence, France.	Aiguebelle Abbey	Montjoyer	Réauville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopaszewo (kɔpaˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kopaszewo	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary is a 18-hectare (44-acre) Koala Sanctuary located in the Brisbane suburb of Fig Tree Pocket in Queensland, Australia.	Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churet (Persian: چورت‎, also Romanized as Chūret and Chūrat) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Churet	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barakuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان براكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barakuh Rural District	Jolgeh-e Mazhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lundie is a parish and small hamlet in Angus, Scotland, 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Dundee, situated at the head of the Dighty valley in the Sidlaws, off the A923 Dundee to Coupar Angus road.	Lundie	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mossbrae Falls is a waterfall flowing into the Sacramento River, in the Shasta Cascade area in Dunsmuir, California.	Mossbrae Falls	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ferris Site is an archaeological site in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Ferris Site	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agate Basin Site is a Paleoindian archeological site in Niobrara County, Wyoming.	Agate Basin Site	Niobrara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramona Gardens is a public housing development in the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, USA.	Ramona Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romanswiller (German: Romansweiler) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Romanswiller	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradbury Brook is an archeological procurement area (21ML42), located a few miles south of Mille Lacs Lake in east central Minnesota.	Bradbury Brook	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yekkeh Derakht (Persian: يكه درخت‎, also Romanized as Yekeh Derakht) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Derakht	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clyde Arc (known locally as the Squinty Bridge), is a road bridge spanning the River Clyde in Glasgow, in west central Scotland, connecting Finnieston, near the Clyde Auditorium and SECC with Pacific Quay and Glasgow Science Centre in Govan.	Clyde Arc	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cervera del Maestre (Valencian: Cervera del Maestrat) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Cervera del Maestre	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogów Wołowski (ˈrɔɡuf vɔˈwɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rogów Wołowski	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hollywood Fashion Center was a shopping mall located at the South East corner of Hollywood Boulevard (State Road 820) and US 441 (State Road 7) in Hollywood, Florida.	Hollywood Fashion Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lammana Priory was a priory on Looe Island in Cornwall, UK, consisting of two Benedictine monks until 1289.	Lammana Priory	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamluk subdivision is a subdivision of the Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.It under of Burdwan_division.It consists of Tamluk municipality, Panskura municipality and seven community development blocks:	Tamluk subdivision	Purba Medinipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitewater State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, preserving a stretch of the Whitewater River surrounded by rocky bluffs.	Whitewater State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karnaveh-ye Shirin (Persian: كرناوه شيرين‎, also Romanized as Karnāveh-ye Shīrīn; also known as Karnāveh-ye Shīrān) is a village in Hezarmasjed Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karnaveh-ye Shirin	Hezarmasjed Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Zakole (ˈstarɛ zaˈkɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Zakole	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumalo Creek is a tributary, about 20 miles (32 km) long, of the Deschutes River, located in Deschutes County in Central Oregon, United States.	Tumalo Creek	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Placerville Airport (IATA: PVF, ICAO: KPVF, FAA LID: PVF) is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Placerville, in El Dorado County, California, United States.	Placerville Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabañaquinta (Asturian name: Cabanaquinta, and officially Cabanaquinta / Cabañaquinta) is one of 18 parish (administrative division) in Aller, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Cabañaquinta	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eben-Ezer Tower, also known as the Museum of Flint (French:Musée du Silex), is a tower and museum in Eben-Emael, in the municipality of Bassenge in eastern Belgium.	Eben-Ezer Tower	Bassenge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sepidan Flour Mill (Persian: كارخانه ارد سپيدان‎ -- Kārkhāneh Ārd-e Sepīdān) is a village and company town in Zarqan Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sepidan Flour Mill	Zarqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bigelow Cholla Garden Wilderness is in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Bigelow Cholla Garden Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawano Municipal Airport (ICAO: KEZS, FAA LID: EZS, formerly 3WO) is a city and county owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Shawano, a city in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States.	Shawano Municipal Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Goose Creek Reservoir is a lake located 4,734 feet (1,443 m) above sea level, south of the town of Oakley in Cassia County, Idaho, United States.	Lower Goose Creek Reservoir	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koterka (kɔˈtɛrka) (Ukrainian: Котерка, Koterka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Koterka	Gmina Mielnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Saint-Martin de Toques is a partly ruined, mountaintop castle in the Bizanet commune in the Aude département of southern France.	Château de Saint-Martin de Toques	Bizanet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziaz (Persian: زياز‎, also Romanized as Zīāz) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ziaz	Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brazos Wind Farm, also known as the Green Mountain Energy Wind Farm at Brazos, is located in Borden and Scurry counties in Texas.	Brazos Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canterbury Presbyterian Church is located along Clinton Street in downtown Cornwall, New York, United States.	Canterbury Presbyterian Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tanami Desert is a desert in northern Australia situated in the Northern Territory and Western Australia.	Tanami Desert	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västra Torup is a minor locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 198 inhabitants in 2010 down from 210 in 2005, Västra Torup is no longer classified as an urban area by Statistics Sweden.	Västra Torup	Hässleholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Géitz is a football stadium in Wiltz, in north-western Luxembourg.	Stade Géitz	Wiltz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meymunak (Persian: ميمونك‎, also Romanized as Meymūnak) is a village in Khandan Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Meymunak	Khandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glencoe House is a category B listed four-storey Victorian estate house in Glencoe, Lochaber, Highland, Scotland.	Glencoe House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Morris Bank Building, also referred to as the Corn Exchange Bank (Mount Morris Branch) and Corn Exchange Building, is an historic building in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, located at 81-85 East 125th Street on the northwest corner of Park Avenue.	Mount Morris Bank Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Nelson National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in southern Jessamine County, Kentucky.	Camp Nelson National Cemetery	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gathi-Loumbo (or Gatié Loumo on some maps) is a village and seat of the commune of Farimaké in the Cercle of Youwarou in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.	Gathi-Loumbo	Farimaké
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountview is a property in Brentwood, Tennessee that was built in 1860 and that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Mountview	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieprznica (vjɛpʂˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wieprznica	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Creek Dam (National ID # CO01280) is a dam in Arapahoe County, Colorado, in suburban Denver, southeast of the city center.	Cherry Creek Dam	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Jarosław ((ˈstarɨ jaˈrɔswaf); German: Alt Järshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stary Jarosław	Gmina Darłowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolany (sɔkɔˈlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sokolany	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter Colley Tavern and Barn is a historic home that also served as an inn and tavern located at Redstone Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Peter Colley Tavern and Barn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spring Field Banquet Center in Fullerton, California is a historic building built in Mission/Spanish Revival style.	Spring Field Banquet Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Róża Podgórna (ˈruʐa pɔdˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Róża Podgórna	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobryń Duży (ˈdɔbrɨɲ ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalesie, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dobryń Duży	Gmina Zalesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Hallvard's Church and Monastery (Norwegian: St. Hallvard kirke og kloster) on Enerhaugen in Oslo, Norway, not far from the former medieval St. Hallvard's Cathedral, is the location of the largest current parish of the Roman Catholic Church in Norway.	St. Hallvard's Church and Monastery	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirjerd Rural District (Persian: دهستان تيرجرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tirjerd Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozgart (ˈrɔzɡart) (German: Preussisch Rosengart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rozgart	Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belknap Stone House in Newburgh, New York, USA, was built by Abel Belknap in the 1750s.	Belknap Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelnhausen station is the station of the town of Gelnhausen on the Kinzig Valley Railway in the German state of Hesse.	Gelnhausen station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonbarsa Raj in Saharsa district, Bihar, India is a main settlement on National Highway 107, extending from Maheshkhunt to Purnia.	Sonbarsa Raj	Saharsa district	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladwin Zettel Memorial Airport (IATA: GDW, ICAO: KGDW, FAA LID: GDW) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southeast of the central business district of Gladwin, a city in Gladwin County, Michigan, United States.	Gladwin Zettel Memorial Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beech Hill Summer Home District encompasses a collection of six early 20th century summer houses in Harrisville, New Hampshire, built on a ridge overlooking Dublin Pond with views of nearby Mount Monadnock.	Beech Hill Summer Home District	Harrisville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barloni is a village in Madha tehsil of Solapur district in state of Maharashtra.	Barloni	Solapur district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clinton Valley Center (CVC), originally called the Eastern Michigan Asylum for the Insane, was a psychiatric hospital located at 140 Elizabeth Lake Road in Pontiac, Michigan.	Clinton Valley Center	Pontiac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palk Gardel (Persian: پلك گردل‎) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Palk Gardel	Arkavazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pink Cliffs are a series of highly dissected cliffs, approximately 35 mi (56 km) long, along the southeast edge of the Paunsaugunt Plateau in southwestern Utah in the United States.	Pink Cliffs	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Mikołajka (ˈbudɨ mikɔˈwai̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budy-Mikołajka	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avoca Island is an island located off the Intracoastal Waterway in the Morgan City Bayous near Morgan City, Louisiana, United States.	Avoca Island	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golenice (ɡɔlɛˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Schildberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Golenice	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wainhouse Corner is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Wainhouse Corner	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juiz de Fora (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʒwiʒ dʒi ˈfɔɾɐ), Outsider Judge), also known as J.F., is a city in the southeastern Brazilian state of Minas Gerais, approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) from the state border with Rio de Janeiro.	Juiz de Fora	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amanabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان امان آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Amanabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Memphis High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school for students in grades ten through twelve in West Memphis, Arkansas, United States.	West Memphis High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irafsky District (Russian: Ира́фский райо́н; Ossetian: Æрæфы район) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the eight in the Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania, Russia.	Irafsky District	Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Hung (Thai: ป่าหุ่ง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Pa Hung	Phan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Guardia and Wagner Archives was established in 1982 at LaGuardia Community College in Long Island City, Queens, New York, to collect, preserve, and make available primary materials documenting the social and political history of New York City, with an emphasis on the mayoralty and the borough of Queens.	La Guardia and Wagner Archives	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 35th Street Bridge crosses the Kanawha River in Charleston, West Virginia, in the United States.	35th Street Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLTC (103.7 Lite FM) is a radio station that is licensed in Cusseta, Georgia and serves the city of Columbus, Georgia and its metro area.	WLTC	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located approximately 1.5 miles from the main Boston College campus in Chestnut Hill, Boston College Law School is situated on a 40-acre (160,000 m2) wooded campus in Newton, Massachusetts.	Boston College Law School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc Erissey is a hamlet north of Redruth, Cornwall, England.	Parc Erissey	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunghong Subdistrict municipality Stadium (Thai: สนามเทศบาลตำบลทุ่งโฮ้ง) is a multi-purpose stadium in Phrae province , Thailand.	Thunghong Subdistrict municipality Stadium	Phrae
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nitmiluk National Park is in the Northern Territory of Australia, 244 km southeast of Darwin, around a series of gorges on the Katherine River and Edith Falls.	Nitmiluk National Park	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage, also known as the Stone House, the Rock House and the Superintendent's Quarters is a house in Colorado National Monument.	Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riggs Park is a residential neighborhood in Northeast Washington, D.C. It is bounded by Riggs Road NE to the south and east, Eastern Avenue to the north, and Blair Road NE, Kansas Avenue NE, and North Capitol Street NE to the west.	Riggs Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nezamabad-e Jadid (Persian: نضام ابادجديد‎, also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād-e Jadīd; also known as Nez̧āmābād) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nezamabad-e Jadid	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bochna (ˈbɔxna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bochna	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangub, officially City of Tangub and often referred to as Tangub City, is a fourth class city in the province of Misamis Occidental, Philippines.	Tangub	Misamis Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Tangan (Persian: ميان تنگان‎, also Romanized as Mīān Tangān and Mīyān Tangān) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mian Tangan	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumki (ˈsumki) (German Sumken) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sumki	Gmina Orzysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Chochi Sosa (Chochi sosa Stadium) is a concert and sports venue located in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.	Estadio Chochi Sosa	Tegucigalpa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferrum College is a private college in Ferrum, Virginia, USA, in the scenic Blue Ridge Mountains of Southwest Virginia.	Ferrum College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weldon Spring Conservation Area, is a 8,398-acre (33.99 km2) conservation area that is owned and managed by the Missouri Department of Conservation and located in St. Charles County, Missouri.	Weldon Spring Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olperer is a 3,476 metre high mountain in the Zillertal Alps in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.	Olperer	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainforestation Nature Park is situated five minutes from Kuranda in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Rainforestation Nature Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Keith Airport (IATA: WME, ICAO: YMNE) is located at Mount Keith Mine, Western Australia and is operated by BHP Billiton.	Mount Keith Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lickey Hills (known locally as simply The Lickeys) are a range of hills in Worcestershire, England, 11 miles (18 km) to the south-west of the centre of Birmingham near the villages of Lickey, Cofton Hackett and Barnt Green.	Lickey Hills	Worcestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydenstricker School, also known as Pohick School #8 and Upper Pohick Community League Hall (since 1948), is a historic one-room school located at Springfield, Fairfax County, Virginia.	Sydenstricker School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Circleville Pumpkin Show is an annual festival held in Circleville, Ohio.	Circleville Pumpkin Show	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penàguila (Valencian pronunciation: (peˈnaɣila), Spanish: Penáguila (peˈnaɣila)) is a municipality in the comarca of Alcoià, Alicante, Valencia, Spain.	Penàguila	Alcoià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyhrn Pass (el. 954 m) is a mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Upper Austria and Styria.	Pyhrn Pass	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishersgate railway station is a railway station in West Sussex, England, serving the area known as Fishersgate between Portslade and Southwick at the most eastern edge of the County of West Sussex bordering the boundary of Brighton and Hove City Council.	Fishersgate railway station	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarreguemines (French pronunciation: ​(saʁɡəmin); German: Saargemünd ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Sarreguemines	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground Historic District is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, which includes Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground in Middletown Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Fort Hancock and the Sandy Hook Proving Ground Historic District	Middletown Township
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Stawiskie (ˈbudɨ staˈviskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Budy Stawiskie	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strabla (ˈstrabla) (Ukrainian: Страбля, Strablia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Strabla	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Beygi (Persian: خانه بيگي‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Beygī; also known as Khāneh Begī) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khaneh Beygi	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh Kani (Persian: كوره كاني‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Kānī) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kureh Kani	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stadio Franco Ossola (also called Luigi Ganna Velodrome) is a sports stadium and velodrome currently in use by the football team A.S. Varese 1910.	Stadio Franco Ossola	Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery is an American military cemetery located in St. Louis County, Missouri, just on the banks of the Mississippi River.	Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalvey is a former village which is now a suburb of Slough in the unitary authority of Slough in Berkshire, England.	Chalvey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Range Wilderness is a 42,585-acre (172 km2) federally designated wilderness area within the King Range National Conservation Area in northern California, United States.	King Range Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gökçedam (also known as Hemite) is a village in the central district of Osmaniye Province, Turkey.	Gökçedam	Osmaniye
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caister-on-Sea, also known colloquially as Caister, is a settlement in Norfolk in England, United Kingdom, close to the large town of Great Yarmouth.	Caister-on-Sea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Marx Cemetery (Sankt Marxer Friedhof) is a cemetery in the Landstraße district of Vienna, used from 1784 until 1874.	St. Marx Cemetery	Landstraße
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNTA (1330 AM) is a radio station licensed to Rockford, Illinois, USA.	WNTA	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kijno (ˈkii̯nɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kijno	Gmina Czarne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwick Area Senior High School (also called Berwick Area High School, Berwick High School or BHS) is a small, rural, public high school in Columbia County, in Northeastern Pennsylvania, USA.	Berwick Area Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arab Abdi (Persian: عرب عابدي‎, also Romanized as ``Arab ``Ābdī) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 553, in 119 families.	Arab Abdi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelly Family Home is a historic structure at 657 S. Main St. in Dayton, Ohio.	Kelly Family Home	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandan Sar (Persian: كندان سر‎, also Romanized as Kandān Sar) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kandan Sar	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myakka River State Park is a Florida State Park, that is located nine miles (11 km) east of I-75 in Sarasota in Sarasota County and that includes portions of southeastern Manatee County.	Myakka River State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myrnam is a village in east central Alberta, Canada.	Myrnam	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbereże (zbɛˈrɛʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Zbereże	Gmina Wola Uhruska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoosac Wind Power Project is a wind farm on Crum Hill in Monroe, Massachusetts and on Bakke Mountain in Florida, Massachusetts.	Hoosac Wind Power Project	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sham Chung (Chinese: 深涌) is an area of Neolithic settlement in Hong Kong.	Sham Chung	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sonoran Desert is a North American desert which covers large parts of the Southwestern United States in Arizona and California, and of Northwestern Mexico in Sonora, Baja California and Baja California Sur.	Sonoran Desert	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzena (Persian: برزنا‎, also Romanized as Barzenā) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barzena	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumheller/Ostergard's Airport, (TC LID: CDO2), is located 10 nautical miles (19 km; 12 mi) south southeast of Drumheller, Alberta, Canada, immediately east of the community of Dalum and south of Highway 569	Drumheller/Ostergard's Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gibraltar Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on the Toronto Islands in Toronto, Ontario.	Gibraltar Point Lighthouse	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zumberge Hall of Science, commonly known simply as ZHS, is one of the original buildings of the University of Southern California's University Park Campus, completed in 1928 as well as one of the largest.	Zumberge Hall of Science	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildlife West Nature Park is a 122-acre (49 ha) nature park, enhanced zoo, and entertainment venue located in Edgewood, New Mexico, USA.	Wildlife West Nature Park	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asbrahan (Persian: اسبراهان‎, also Romanized as Asbrāhān; also known as Asb Rāhān) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Asbrahan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusiły (ruˈɕiwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Podedwórze, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rusiły	Gmina Podedwórze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasiłan (kaˈɕiwan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kasiłan	Gmina Leśniowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowalewo Małe (kɔvaˈlɛvɔ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kowalewo Małe	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of La Conca-d'Oro is a former canton of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France.	Canton of La Conca-d'Oro	Haute-Corse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klintholm Havn is a fishing village and a popular tourist resort on the south coast of Møn, an island in Vordingborg Municipality, southeastern Denmark.	Klintholm Havn	Vordingborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emeralda Marsh Conservation Area (EMCA) is a 7,089-acre (28.69 km2) U.S. conservation area administered by the St. Johns River Water Management District in Florida.	Emeralda Marsh Conservation Area	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milner Dam is a rockfill dam near Burley in south central Idaho.	Milner Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakewood Speedway was a race track located south of Atlanta, Georgia, in Lakewood, just north of the eastern arm of Langford Parkway (formerly Lakewood Freeway).	Lakewood Speedway	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starosiedle (starɔˈɕɛdlɛ) (German: Starzeddel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Starosiedle	Gmina Gubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edayar is a small village of Koothattukulam panchyat in Ernakulam district and located at a distance of 5 km from Koothattukulam town and 6 km from Piravom in Kerala, India.	Edayar	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peachtree Ridge High School is a public high school in Gwinnett County, in Suwanee, Georgia, USA and a part of Gwinnett County Public Schools.	Peachtree Ridge High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Ming is a man-made recreational lake located in Bakersfield, California.	Lake Ming	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAPZ (710 AM) was a radio station formerly licensed to Bald Knob, Arkansas, USA.	KAPZ	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel de Massa is located at 38 rue du Faubourg Saint Jacques in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.	Hôtel de Massa	14th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfihangel Ystrad (English ``Vale of St Michael'') is a constituent parish in Ceredigion, Wales.	Llanfihangel Ystrad	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowharabad (Persian: جوهر اباد‎, also Romanized as Jowharābād) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Jowharabad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brebel (Danish: Bredbøl) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Brebel	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Statue of the Republic is a 24-foot-high (7.3 m) gilded bronze sculpture in Jackson Park, Chicago, Illinois.	Statue of the Republic	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tembhu is the site of an Rs 9-billion irrigation project, set up in order to provide water to the drought-stricken Satara district.	Tembhu	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarsi-ye Shaban Ali (Persian: ازارسي شعبانعلي‎, also Romanized as Āzārsī-ye Sha``bān ʿAlī) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Azarsi-ye Shaban Ali	Deraz Kola Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stiperstones is a distinctive hill in the county of Shropshire, England.	Stiperstones	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kramarzówka (kramaˈʐufka) (Ukrainian: Крамарівка, Kramarivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruchnik, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kramarzówka	Gmina Pruchnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahoczewie (zaxɔˈt͡ʂɛvʲɛ) (Ukrainian: Загочев'я, Zahochevya) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zahoczewie	Gmina Baligród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grangemouth is a town in east Stirlingshire and is part of the Falkirk council area, Scotland.	Grangemouth	Falkirk	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheviot Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan, Canada south-east of Saskatoon.	Cheviot Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Baynard is one of the 25 Wards of the City of London, the historic and financial centre of London.	Castle Baynard	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubiao Subdistrict (Chinese: 禄脿街道; pinyin: Lùbiăo Jiēdào) formerly a town situated in western Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China.	Lubiao Subdistrict	Anning
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Janiculum (Italian: Gianicolo pronounced (dʒaˈniːkolo)) is a hill in western Rome, Italy.	Janiculum	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portsoy (Scottish Gaelic: Port Saoidh) is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Portsoy	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarímbaro is a municipality in the Mexican state of Michoacán which Valtazar Gaona is the mayor of.	Tarímbaro	Michoacán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halilehi (Persian: حليله اي‎, also Romanized as Ḩalīlehī and Ḩalīlehee) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Halilehi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedleczka (ɕɛdˈlɛt͡ʂka) (Ukrainian: Сідлечка, Sidlechka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Siedleczka	Gmina Kańczuga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naradhan is within the Bland Shire local government area.	Naradhan	Bland Shire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otówko (ɔˈtufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Otówko	Gmina Gostyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ningyuan County (simplified Chinese: 宁远县; traditional Chinese: 寧遠縣; pinyin: Níngyuǎn Xiàn) is under the administration of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Ningyuan County	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeler Hall is a building on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley in Berkeley, California in the Classical Revival style.	Wheeler Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malacky District (Slovak: okres Malacky) is a district in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia.	Malacky District	Bratislava Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sawtooth National Recreation Area (SNRA) is a National Recreation Area located in central Idaho that is managed as part of Sawtooth National Forest.	Sawtooth National Recreation Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marramarra National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Hawkesbury region of northwestern Sydney, New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Marramarra National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geode State Park is a state park of Iowa, USA, border Henry County and Des Moines County It is managed by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.	Geode State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bomere Heath is a village in Shropshire, England, which lies north of the county town of Shrewsbury and between Baschurch and Harlescott.	Bomere Heath	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangadog is a community located in Carmarthenshire, Wales, which includes the villages of Llangadog, Bethlehem and Capel Gwynfe.	Llangadog	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milnrow (pop. 13,062(2011)) is a suburban town within the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, in Greater Manchester, England.	Milnrow	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Security and Trust Company Building is a Neoclassical bank office in Washington, D.C., designed by the architectural firm of York and Sawyer.	American Security and Trust Company Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Superior Collegiate and Vocational Institute (SCVI) is a high school in Thunder Bay, Ontario and is part of the Lakehead District School Board system.	Superior Collegiate and Vocational Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	One South Broad, also known as the Lincoln-Liberty Building or PNB Building, is a 28-story 472-foot (144 m) office tower in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	One South Broad	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheboygan Lighthouse stood on North Point in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.	Sheboygan Lighthouse	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fossil Springs Wilderness is an 11,550-acre (4,674 ha) wilderness area within the Coconino National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Fossil Springs Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rikers Island Bridge (officially named Francis R. Buono Memorial Bridge) is a Girder Bridge that connects Rikers Island in the borough of the Bronx with the borough of Queens in New York City.	Rikers Island Bridge	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jockey Hollow is a unit of Morristown National Historical Park in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Jockey Hollow	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Seyf Khanlu-ye Yek (Persian: قشلاق سيف خانلو1‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyf Khānlū-ye Yek) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Seyf Khanlu-ye Yek	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agh Kahriz (Persian: اغ كهريز‎, also Romanized as Āgh Kahrīz; also known as Āq Kahrīz) is a village in Yekanat Rural District, Yamchi District, Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Kahriz	Yekanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Plains Technology Center is a public career and technology education center that has campuses in Lawton, Oklahoma and Frederick, Oklahoma.	Great Plains Technology Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grindstone Indian Rancheria of Wintun-Wailaki Indians is a federally recognized tribe and ranchería of Wintun and Wailaki Indians from northern California.	Grindstone Indian Rancheria of Wintun-Wailaki Indians	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bates Turkey Farm is a domestic turkey producer founded in 1923 and based near Fort Deposit, Alabama (about thirty miles south of Montgomery, in Lowndes County).	Bates Turkey Farm	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammerschwihr (German: Ammerschweier) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Ammerschwihr	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niwnica (nivˈnit͡sa) (German Neunz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Niwnica	Gmina Nysa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plymouth Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at the corner of Germantown and Butler Pikes in Plymouth Meeting, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Plymouth Friends Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazbeh (Persian: حزبه‎, also Romanized as Ḩazbeh) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hazbeh	Jahad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naxalbari block comes under the jurisdiction of Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district.	Naxalbari	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsuen Wan Public Ho Chuen Yiu Memorial College (TWPHCYMC; Chinese: 荃灣公立何傳耀紀念中學 or 何傳耀 in short) is an English-language (EMI) secondary school located at Shek Wai Kok Estate, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong.	Tsuen Wan Public Ho Chuen Yiu Memorial College	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jug Handle State Natural Reserve is a state park unit of California, United States, preserving a series of marine terraces each exhibiting a different stage of ecological succession.	Jug Handle State Natural Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTPT, known as ``97.9 The Point'', is a radio station serving Rapid City, South Dakota and the surrounding region.	KTPT	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngala is a local government area of Borno State, Nigeria.	Ngala	Borno State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jobbers Canyon Historic District was a large industrial and warehouse area comprising 24 buildings located in downtown Omaha, Nebraska, USA.	Jobbers Canyon Historic District	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobâlna (Olpret until 1957; Hungarian: Alparét; German: Krautfeld) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania, having a population of 1,888.	Bobâlna	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafriz (Persian: كفريز‎, also Romanized as Kafrīz) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kafriz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spray School is a K-12 public school in Spray, Oregon, United States.	Spray School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chepping Wycombe is a civil parish within Wycombe district in the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire.	Chepping Wycombe	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhapaiya is a village in Gonda District in the state of Uttar Pradesh about 50 km from district headquarters Gonda and 40 kilometers from the major city of Ayodhya.	Chhapaiya	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Spokane (elevation 5,883 feet or 1,793 metres) is a mountain located northeast of Spokane, Washington.	Mount Spokane	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koserz (ˈkɔsɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Koserz	Gmina Chodów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leifeng Pagoda (Chinese: 雷峰塔; pinyin: Léi Fēng Tǎ) is a five-storey tower with eight sides, located on Sunset Hill south of the West Lake in Hangzhou, China.	Leifeng Pagoda	Hangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lynwood Theatre is a moviehouse in Bainbridge Island, Kitsap County, Washington.	Lynwood Theatre	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Bala (Persian: اسلام ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Bālā; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Voshmgir District, Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Bala	Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masabi Rural District (Persian: دهستان مصعبي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masabi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tareh-ye Ashayiri (Persian: طرح عشايري‎, also Romanized as Ţareḥ-ye ʿAshāyīrī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tareh-ye Ashayiri	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutuleh-ye Baba Karam (Persian: كوتوله باباكرم‎‎, also Romanized as Kūtūleh-ye Bābā Karam) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kutuleh-ye Baba Karam	Gol Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mixer Tavern is a historic tavern, now a private residence, at 14 Westford Road in Ashford, Connecticut.	Mixer Tavern	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dazu District (simplified Chinese: 大足区; traditional Chinese: 大足區; pinyin: Dàzú Qū) is a district of Chongqing, China.	Dazu District	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulatowo-Adamy (ulaˈtɔvɔ aˈdamɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ulatowo-Adamy	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panbeh Zaban (Persian: پنبه زبان‎, also Romanized as Panbeh Zabān; also known as Panbeh Zanān) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Panbeh Zaban	Bizineh Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nardus stricta in particular is an unpalatable and unproductive grass, and the Flora of Cumbria specifically notes a possible connection between areas of late snow cover and Nardus grassland at high altitudes in the Helvellyn range.	Helvellyn	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Eshkaft-e Sarak (Persian: دره اشكفت سراك‎, also Romanized as Darreh Eshkaft-e Sarāk; also known as Darreh Eshkaft) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Eshkaft-e Sarak	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobby Mackey's Music World is a nightclub and honky tonk located in Wilder, Kentucky, United States owned by country singer Bobby Mackey.	Bobby Mackey's Music World	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Clare Shops is the oldest railroad manufacturing complex in the United States, located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Mount Clare Shops	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steamboat Springs Airport (IATA: SBS, ICAO: KSBS, FAA LID: SBS) (Bob Adams Field) is a city owned airport three miles northwest of Steamboat Springs, in Routt County, Colorado.	Steamboat Springs Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Özvatan (formerly Çukur) is a town and district of Kayseri Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Özvatan	Kayseri Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The California Hotel and Casino, also known as The Cal opened in 1975 at a cost of $10 million with a hotel and casino located in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada near the Fremont Street Experience.	California Hotel and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Britton Plaza Shopping Center is a 522,689-square-foot (48,559.4 m2) open-air shopping plaza in the Fair Oaks - Manhattan Manor neighborhood of Tampa, Florida (on the corner of Dale Mabry Highway and Euclid Avenue).	Britton Plaza Shopping Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Shabikhun (Persian: تنگشبيخون‎‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Shabīkhūn) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Shabikhun	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pałapus Szlachecki (paˈwapus ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pałapus Szlachecki	Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naurangabad is a village and location of the Indus Valley Civilization archaeological site in Bhiwani district of Haryana state in India.	Naurangabad	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Trobe University is an Australian multi-campus public research university whose flagship campus, the largest metropolitan campus in the country, is located in Melbourne, Victoria.	La Trobe University	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lochslin (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Slinn) is a small hamlet, situated northeast of the fresh water loch, Loch Eye in Tain, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Lochslin	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kidapawan, officially the City of Kidapawan (Filipino: Lungsod ng Kidapawan) or Kidapawan City, is the capital city of Cotabato Province.	Kidapawan	Cotabato
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaber va Naser (Persian: جابر و ناصر‎, also Romanized as Jāber va Nāṣer) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jaber va Naser	Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bend High School is a public high school located in Great Bend, Kansas, serving students in grades 9-12.	Great Bend High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tishomingo City Hall on W. Main St. in Tishomingo, Oklahoma, also known as Bank of the Chickasaw Nation, was built in 1911.	Tishomingo City Hall	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Travancinha is a village and parish in the Portuguese Seia Municipality.	Travancinha	Seia Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahak Mesriyan (Persian: چاهک‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chahak Mesriyan	Hormak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center, formerly known as Opryland Hotel, is a large hotel and convention center located in Nashville, Tennessee.	Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Francisquito Creek (Spanish for ``Little San Francisco'' - the ``little'' referring to size of the creek, not the saint) is a creek that flows into southwest San Francisco Bay in California, United States of America.	San Francisquito Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Feyzabad (Persian: كلاته فيض اباد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Feyz̤ābād) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Feyzabad	Kenevist Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkley Regional Airport (IATA: PAH, ICAO: KPAH, FAA LID: PAH) is 14 miles west of Paducah, in McCracken County, Kentucky.	Barkley Regional Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUNV is a non-commercial, jazz-oriented campus radio station in Paradise, Nevada, broadcasting on 91.5 FM broadcasting from Greenspun Hall on the campus of University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV).	KUNV	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenbrier County Courthouse and Lewis Spring is a historic courthouse building and spring house located at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.	Greenbrier County Courthouse and Lewis Spring	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verwall Alps or Verwall Group are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps at the border of the Austrian states of Tyrol and Vorarlberg.	Verwall Alps	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rood Bridge Park is a municipal park in southeast Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Rood Bridge Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aline Barnsdall Hollyhock House is a building in the East Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, originally designed by Frank Lloyd Wright as a residence for oil heiress Aline Barnsdall, built in 1919--1921.	Hollyhock House	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shuimogou District (Pinyin: Shuǐmógōu Qū; Uyghur: شۇيموگۇ رايونى‎, ULY: Shuymogu Rayoni, UYY: Xuymogu rayoni?) is a district within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Ürümqi City.	Shuimogou District	Ürümqi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolańska Huta (kɔˈlaɲska ˈxuta) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolańska Huta	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Becket Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village of North Becket in the Berkshire hill town of Becket, Massachusetts.	North Becket Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thadivalasa (Telugu: తాడివలస) is a village located in Ponduru Mandal, Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India and about 18 kilometres (11 mi) from Srikakulam Town.	Thadivalasa	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeszkowice (jɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Jäschkowitz, 1937: Lengefeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernica, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jeszkowice	Gmina Czernica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stokes-Lee House is located in Collingswood, Camden County, New Jersey, United States, on the 600 block of Lees Avenue.	Stokes-Lee House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQNC (92.7 FM) is a Mainstream Urban radio station in Charlotte, North Carolina that is owned and operated by Radio One.	WQNC	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nematollah (Persian: نعمت الله‎, also Romanized as Ne``matollāh; also known as Neimatullah) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District, Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 771, in 195 families.	Nematollah	Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American National Fish and Wildlife Museum, doing business as Wonders of Wildlife Museum & Aquarium, also known as Wonders of Wildlife Zooquarium or just Wonders of Wildlife in Springfield, Missouri, showcases more than 225 species of live animals, fresh and saltwater aquariums, interactive displays and educational programs.	Wonders of Wildlife Museum & Aquarium	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Sebastião da Pedreira (English: Saint Sebastian of the Quarry) was a Portuguese parish (freguesia) in the municipality of Lisbon.	São Sebastião da Pedreira	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnstable High School Performing Arts Center, is located at Barnstable High School, in Barnstable, Massachusetts.	Barnstable High School Performing Arts Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davan (Persian: دوان‎, also Romanized as Davān, Dawan, and Dovān) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Davan	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Geraniyeh-ye Yek (Persian: ابوگرينيه يك‎, also Romanized as Abū Gerānīyeh-ye Yek; also known as Abū Gereyneh-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Geraniyeh-ye Yek	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulder Dam Hotel, also known as the Boulder City Inn, is a hotel located in Boulder City, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.	Boulder Dam Hotel	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	In Bratislava, Slovakia, Michael's Gate is the only city gate that has been preserved of the medieval fortifications and ranks among the oldest town buildings.	Michael's Gate	Bratislava
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Michele di Ganzaria (Sicilian: San Micheli di Ganzarìa) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catania.	San Michele di Ganzaria	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werkowo (vɛrˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Werkowo	Gmina Wągrowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidradnyi (Ukrainian: Відрадний) is a neighbourhood in Kiev, Ukraine.	Vidradnyi	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Dashti (Persian: ده دشتي‎, also Romanized as Deh Dashtī) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Dashti	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry French House, also known as the Salmon-French House, is a historic house located in the Port Fulton area of Jeffersonville, Clark County, Indiana in the United States.	Henry French House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor Mill State Historic Site is a state park of New Hampshire located in Derry, Rockingham County, in the southeast part of the state.	Taylor Mill State Historic Site	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apotheosis of St. Louis is a statue of King Louis IX of France, namesake of St. Louis, Missouri, located in front of the Saint Louis Art Museum in Forest Park.	Apotheosis of St. Louis	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Day (Cornish: Sen Day) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Day	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacprowo (kat͡sˈprɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kacprowo	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lechtal is an alpine valley in Austria, the greater part of which belongs to the state of Tyrol and the smaller part to Vorarlberg.	Lechtal	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital Repertory Theatre (Capital Rep or theREP) is a 287-seat professional regional theatre in Albany, New York.	Capital Repertory Theatre	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Pasco was a United States Navy air station located 2 miles (3 km) northwest of Pasco, in Franklin County, Washington, USA.	Naval Air Station Pasco	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Giustinian is a palace in Venice, northern Italy, situated in the Dorsoduro district and overlooking the Grand Canal next to Ca' Foscari.	Palazzo Giustinian	Venice	Dorsoduro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aadma (German: Ahdma) is a village in Käina Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Aadma	Käina Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brunswick Executive Airport (ICAO: KBXM, FAA LID: BXM) is a public use general aviation airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Brunswick, a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.	Brunswick Executive Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makuleh (Persian: ماكوله‎, also Romanized as Mākūleh and Makooleh) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Makuleh	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assonet Bay is a small inland bay in Assonet, a village within the town of Freetown, Massachusetts.	Assonet Bay	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Travellers' Rest Inn is a historic inn on the main street of Greenfield, Ohio, United States.	Travellers' Rest Inn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stradyń (ˈstradɨɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stradyń	Gmina Wolsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozówko (bʐɔˈzufkɔ) (German: Birkenhöhe; until 1938: Brosowken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Brzozówko	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prętkowice (prɛntkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Prętkowice	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bari (Persian: َََآب باري‎, also Romanized as Āb Bārī; also known as Āb Bārīk) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Bari	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruce Randolph School is a public school in Denver, Colorado for grades six through twelve.	Bruce Randolph School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fiery Gizzard Trail runs from Tracy City, Tennessee to Foster Falls in Marion County, Tennessee.	Fiery Gizzard Trail	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Römermuseum Schwarzenacker (Schwarzenacker Roman Museum) is an archaeological open-air museum in Schwarzenacker, a district of Homburg, Saarland, Germany.	Römermuseum Schwarzenacker	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basi Kiratpur is a city and a municipal board in Bijnor district of Uttar Pradesh.	Basi Kiratpur	Bijnor district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radar Kumeh (Persian: راداركومه‎, also Romanized as Rādār Kūmeh; also known as Rādār Khūmeh) is a village in Chaf Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Radar Kumeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hillel Street (Hebrew: רחוב הלל‎, Rehov Hillel) is one of the central streets of Jerusalem.	Hillel Street	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarom Gonbad (Persian: يارم گنبد‎, also Romanized as Yārom Gonbad) is a village in Sangar Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yarom Gonbad	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westland Mansion was the Princeton, New Jersey, retirement home of the twenty-second and twenty-fourth President of the United States, Grover Cleveland.	Westland Mansion	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mota Gunda is a village situated near Bhanvad taluk in Devbhumi Dwarka district in Gujarat, India.	Mota Gunda	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjos is a former parish (freguesia) in the municipality of Lisbon, Portugal.	Anjos	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colchuck Glacier is in the Stuart Range immediately north of Colchuck Peak and Dragontail Peak, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Colchuck Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhamo Township (Burmese: ဗန်းမော်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Bhamo District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Bhamo Township	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bathers Beach, Fremantle also known as Whalers Beach is a section of coastline which has a written history since the European settlement of what is now called Fremantle, Western Australia.	Bathers Beach, Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Petherick (Cornish: Nansfenten) is a village and civil parish in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Little Petherick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Earl Warren Building located at 350 McAllister Street in San Francisco, California is the headquarters of the Supreme Court of California.	Earl Warren Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanzai County (simplified Chinese: 万载,Pinyin: wànzài ) is a county of Yichun in the Chinese province of Jiangxi.	Wanzai County	Yichun
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montford Area Historic District is a mainly residential neighborhood in Asheville, North Carolina that is included in the National Register of Historic Places.	Montford Area Historic District	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ormond Beach Airport (ICAO: KOMN, FAA LID: OMN), also known as Ormond Beach Municipal Airport, is a general aviation airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) to the northwest of the city of Ormond Beach in Volusia County, Florida, USA.	Ormond Beach Municipal Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Georgia Aquarium is a public aquarium in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.	Georgia Aquarium	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	A number of federal and provincial government offices are located in Gatineau, due to its proximity to the national capital, and its status as the main town of the Outaouais region of Quebec.	Gatineau	Outaouais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bruin is an ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River located in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana.	Lake Bruin	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodaki (rɔˈdaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rodaki	Gmina Klucze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stranraer (UK: /stranˈrɑ:/ stran-RAR; Scottish Gaelic: An t-Sròn Reamhar, pronounced (ənˠ̪ t̪ʰɾɔːn ɾãũ.əɾ)) is a town in Inch, Wigtownshire, in the west of Dumfries and Galloway, southwest Scotland.	Stranraer	Inch, Wigtownshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dybäck Castle (Swedish: Dybäcks slott) is a castle in Skurup Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Dybäck Castle	Skurup Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centralia/James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome, originally RCAF Station Centralia, (IATA: YCE, ICAO: CYCE), is located 1.6 nautical miles (3.0 km; 1.8 mi) west of Centralia, Ontario, Canada.	Centralia/James T. Field Memorial Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sussex I State Prison is a prison of the Virginia Department of Corrections located in unincorporated Sussex County, Virginia, near Waverly.	Sussex I State Prison	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469 was a historic Grange hall located at 2064 Upper River Road in Grants Pass, Oregon.	Rogue River Valley Grange No. 469	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Beth Or (formerly Kahl Montgomery) is an historic reform Jewish congregation in Montgomery, Alabama.	Temple Beth Or	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southfield Public Library is located at 26300 Evergreen Road in the city of Southfield, Michigan.	Southfield Public Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ötisheim, known in local dialect as Aize, is a town in the district of Enz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Ötisheim	Enz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yost Tavern is a historic former inn in the city of Montgomery, Ohio, United States.	Yost Tavern	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Lawson Heights is a shopping centre located at the junction of Warman Road and Primrose Drive in north Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in the Lawson Heights Suburban Centre neighbourhood.	The Mall at Lawson Heights	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurizeneh (Persian: گوريزنه‎, also Romanized as Gūrīzeneh) is a village in Alaviyeh Rural District, Kordian District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gurizeneh	Kordian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown and Sharpe Manufacturing Company Complex (also known as Darling, Brown & Sharpe; Capital Industrial Center; The Foundry) is a historic factory complex in Providence, Rhode Island.	Brown and Sharpe Manufacturing Company Complex	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chatter Creek Guard Station is a Rustic style set of buildings in Wenatchee National Forest, in Leavenworth, Washington.	Chatter Creek Guard Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomarzanki (pɔmaˈʐanki) (German: Moorhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pomarzanki	Gmina Skoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamborek (jamˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jamborek	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunriver Resort is a luxury resort and residential community in central Oregon, in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States.	Sunriver Resort	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Restvale Cemetery is located at 11700 S. Laramie Street in Alsip, Illinois, United States, a suburb southwest of the city of Chicago.	Restvale Cemetery	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Kamar-e Sofla (Persian: اق كمرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Āq Kamar-e Soflá; also known as Āq Kamar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aq Kamar-e Sofla	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mętlew (ˈmɛntlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mętlew	Gmina Góra Świętej Małgorzaty
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barclay Hotel was located at 237 S. 18th St. in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Rittenhouse Square.	Barclay Hotel	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drena (German: Drenn) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Trento.	Drena	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uderz (ˈudɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Uderz	Gmina Iłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kijowiec-Szyszynek (kiˈjɔvjɛt͡s ʂɨˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kijowiec-Szyszynek	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbor Lights Lake is a reservoir in Suamico, Wisconsin, Brown County, Wisconsin, United States.	Harbor Lights Lake	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knapp Center is a 7,152-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Knapp Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunshine Coast Stadium, is a multi-sport venue located at Kawana Waters on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland.	Sunshine Coast Stadium	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edwin H. Cheney House (1903) located in Oak Park, Illinois, United States, was Frank Lloyd Wright's design of this residence for electrical engineer Edwin Cheney.	Edwin H. Cheney House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kartlewko (karˈtlɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kartlewko	Gmina Przybiernów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Technology Center (NTC) is a public career and technology education center located in Afton, Pryor, Kansas and Claremore, Oklahoma and is part of the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education system.	Northeast Technology Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słochy Annopolskie (ˈswɔxɨ annɔˈpɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Słochy Annopolskie	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The airport is situated on land owned by the city of Lugano, whilst management is the responsibility of Lugano Airport SA, whose shares are owned by the canton of Ticino (12.5%) and the city (87.5%).	Lugano Airport	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khud-e Bala (Persian: خودبالا‎, also Romanized as Khūd-e Bālā; also known as Khūd-e Mīān) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Khud-e Bala	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acadiana Regional Airport (IATA: ARA, ICAO: KARA, FAA LID: ARA) is a public use airport in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Acadiana Regional Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pytowice (pɨtɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieńsk, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pytowice	Gmina Kamieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redwood Valley Railway is a 15 in (381 mm) gauge miniature railway in Tilden Regional Park near Berkeley, California.	Redwood Valley Railway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janczewo Wielkie (janˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Janczewo Wielkie	Gmina Szulborze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drew University is a coeducational private university located in Madison, New Jersey, in the United States.	Drew University	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLGI, known as ``Radio Bahá'í'', is licensed to Hemingway, South Carolina, and broadcasts at 90.9 FM.	WLGI	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheriyal (or Cherial) is a village and a mandal in Warangal district in the state of Telangana in India.	Cheriyal	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazarsar-e Lafmejan (Persian: بازارسرلفمجان‎, also Romanized as Bāzārsar-e Lafmejān) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bazarsar-e Lafmejan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chynowa (xɨˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chynowa	Gmina Przygodzice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jannatabad-e Jangal (Persian: جنت ابادجنگل‎, also Romanized as Jannatābād-e Jangal; also known as Jannatābād, Jannatābād-e Shīr Moḩammad, and Shir Moḩammad) is a village in Jangal Rural District, Jangal District, Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jannatabad-e Jangal	Jangal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhydtalog is a small, isolated village in Flintshire, Wales.	Rhydtalog	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyton Clark Cottage, also known as ``Woodthorpe,'' is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake, town of St. Armand in Essex County, New York.	Peyton Clark Cottage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świdwiborek (ɕfidviˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świdwiborek	Gmina Myszyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grapevine Lake is a reservoir located in the North Texas region, approximately 20 mi (32 km) northwest of Dallas and northeast of Fort Worth.	Grapevine Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hipolitowo (xipɔliˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Hipolitowo	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homberg (Ohm) is a town in the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, Germany.	Homberg (Ohm)	Vogelsbergkreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Lusatian Ridge Nature Park (German: Naturpark Niederlausitzer Landrücken) is a nature park and reserve in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Lower Lusatian Ridge Nature Park	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa-Zabłotne (dɔmˈbrɔva zaˈbwɔtnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa-Zabłotne	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoctún Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``where the stone is quarried or ripped'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (123.91 km2) of land and located roughly 45 km east of the city of Mérida.	Hoctún Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żeromin (ʐɛˈrɔmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żeromin	Gmina Tuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Pahlvanlu (Persian: كلاته پهلوانلو‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Pahlvānlū) is a village in Badranlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Pahlvanlu	Badranlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	A liquefied natural gas (LNG) off-loading and processing facility called the Crown Landing LNG Terminal was proposed in Logan Township, New Jersey on a 175-acre (71 ha) site along the Delaware River.	Crown Landing LNG Terminal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Minaa Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Basra, Iraq, that is currently under construction.	New Minaa Stadium	Basra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden City Skyway is a major high-level bridge located in St. Catharines and Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario, Canada, that allows the Queen Elizabeth Way (QEW) to cross the Welland Canal without the interruption of a lift bridge.	Garden City Skyway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unity Burial Ground is a small graveyard located on the southeast end of White Plain in the Nichols section of Trumbull, Connecticut.	Unity Burial Ground	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yurung Gewog (Dzongkha: ཡུ་རུང་) is a gewog (village block) of Pemagatshel District, Bhutan.	Yurung Gewog	Pemagatshel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochilview Park is a football stadium in Stenhousemuir in central Scotland, which is the home ground of Scottish League One club, Stenhousemuir who currently share it with local rivals East Stirlingshire.	Ochilview Park	Stenhousemuir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villasalto, Bidda de Sartu or Bidda de Saltu in sardinian language, is a Comune/Comunu (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Cagliari.	Villasalto	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austerfield is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster (part of South Yorkshire, England), on the border with Nottinghamshire.	Austerfield	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandon Generating Station is a subbituminous coal- and natural gas-fired station owned by Manitoba Hydro, located in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.	Brandon Generating Station	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajtkowo (bai̯tˈkɔvɔ) (German: Baitkowen (1938-45:Baitenberg)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bajtkowo	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starkowa Huta (starˈkɔva ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Starkowa Huta	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goose Creek Energy Center is a 450 megawatt natural gas fired power station located in Goose Creek township, Piatt County, Illinois between Lodge, Illinois and De Land, Illinois.	Goose Creek Energy Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Second Church in Newton, United Church of Christ, is located at 60 Highland Street in West Newton, a village of Newton, Massachusetts.	Second Church in Newton	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ras al-Bassit (Arabic: رأس البسيط‎), historically known as Posideion or Posideium, is a small cape located 53 kilometres (33 mi) north of Latakia, Syria on the Mediterranean Sea.	Ras al-Bassit	Latakia
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Stone Hall is a historic school building located at Franklin in Delaware County, New York, United States.	New Stone Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kern County Raceway Park is a 0.5-mile (0.80 km) oval speedway located on CA 43 (Enos Lane) just off Interstate 5 in Bakersfield, Kern County, California.	Kern County Raceway Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Durham (/ˈdʌrəm/, locally /ˈdɜrəm/) is a county in North East England.	County Durham	North East England
located in the administrative territorial entity	IJzerlo is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten, between Aalten and Dinxperlo in the (Achterhoek region) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 160 inhabitants.	IJzerlo	Aalten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelphi University is a private, nonsectarian university located in Garden City, in Nassau County, New York, United States.	Adelphi University	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zichuan District (simplified Chinese:淄川区; pinyin: Zīchuān Qū) is one of eight divisions within the city of Zibo in the Chinese province of Shandong.	Zichuan District	Zibo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ondes is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France near Toulouse.	Ondes	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arsenal Street Bridge is a bridge connecting Arsenal Street in Watertown, Massachusetts to Western Avenue in Allston, Boston, Massachusetts.	Arsenal Street Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drift Falls, also known as Bust-Yer-Butt Falls and Driftwood Falls, is a waterfall located on private property in Transylvania County, North Carolina.	Drift Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meymeh District (Persian: بخش میمه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Meymeh District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narsaq Municipality was a municipality in south Greenland until 31 December 2008.	Narsaq Municipality	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Lawn Farm Dairy Barn is a historic barn building northeast of Whitewater, Kansas, United States.	Oak Lawn Farm Dairy Barn	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowlahiriyur is a village in Kadur Taluk Chikkamagaluru district, located about 18 km (11 mi) from Hosadurga.	Chowlahiriyur	Chikkamagaluru district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to North Adams, Massachusetts, USA, WUPE-FM serves the Pittsfield area.	WUPE-FM	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dairsie Old Church, formerly St Mary's Church, is the former parish church of Dairsie, in north-east Fife, Scotland.	Dairsie Old Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elwin Bay diatreme, also called the Elwin Bay kimberlite, is a small post-Silurian diatreme located approximately 1 km (0.62 mi) south of Elwin Bay at the eastern margin of Somerset Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Elwin Bay diatreme	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopatki-Kolonia (wɔˈpatki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łopatki-Kolonia	Gmina Wąwolnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesan (Persian: كسن‎) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kesan	Golidagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunting Lodge Farm is a historic house located near Oxford in Oxford Township, Butler County, Ohio, United States.	Hunting Lodge Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harpenden Rural is a civil parish in the City and District of St Albans in Hertfordshire, England, to the west of Harpenden parish.	Harpenden Rural	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monticello Motor Club is a private country club for automotive enthusiasts with a 4.1 miles (6.6 km) long motor racing circuit situated in Monticello, New York.	Monticello Motor Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halliggye Fogou is one of many fogous in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Halliggye Fogou	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanuqabad (Persian: زانوق اباد‎, also Romanized as Zānūqābād; also known as Zāghābād, Z̄ājābād, Zanoogh Abad, and Zāqābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District, Nuq District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zanuqabad	Bahreman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity College Kirk was a royal collegiate church in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Trinity College Kirk	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	MidSouthCon is an American science-fiction convention held each March in Memphis, Tennessee, since 1982, evolving from similar events in the late 1970s.	MidSouthCon	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal-e Babadi (Persian: كل بابادي‎, also Romanized as Kal-e Bābādī) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kal-e Babadi	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Hale House (circa 1694), also known as the Rev. John Hale Farm, is a historic Colonial house located at 39 Hale Street, Beverly, Massachusetts.	John Hale House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vare-Washington School, formerly Abigail Vare School, is a K-8 school in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Vare-Washington School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzostków (ˈbʐɔstkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Brzostków	Gmina Nowy Korczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anglezarke is a sparsely populated civil parish in the Borough of Chorley in Lancashire, England.	Anglezarke	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCDX (103.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting from Globe, Arizona to the east of Phoenix since March 2002 with a commercial-free rock music format.	KCDX	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vestbygd Church (Norwegian: Vestbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county, Norway.	Vestbygd Church	Lødingen	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palace of the Fans was a Major League baseball park located in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Palace of the Fans	Cincinnati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharikabad-e Olya (Persian: شريك ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Sharīkābād-e ``Olyā; also known as Sharīkābād) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Kahnuj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.	Sharikabad-e Olya	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurchi Kandi (Persian: قورچي كندي‎, also Romanized as Qūrchī Kandī) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurchi Kandi	Goyjah Bel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawarzec Górny (ɡaˈvaʐɛt͡s ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gawarzec Górny	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Searights Tollhouse, National Road is a site near Uniontown, Pennsylvania on the National Road.	Searights Tollhouse, National Road	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverwood Theme Park is an amusement park located in northern Idaho, United States, near the town of Coeur d'Alene, approximately 47 miles from Spokane, Washington on U.S. Route 95.	Silverwood Theme Park	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunag (Persian: خونگ‎, also Romanized as Khūnag; also known as Khonak, Khonk, and Khoonak) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khunag	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadzewo (kaˈd͡zɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kadzewo	Gmina Śrem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huish Champflower is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, three miles north-west of Wiveliscombe and ten miles north of Wellington.	Huish Champflower	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centenary Building is a building at the University of Salford in Greater Manchester, England.	Centenary Building	Salford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloud Peak is the highest peak within the Big Horn Mountains in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Cloud Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iffley Road rugby football ground is a playing-field in Oxford, England.	Iffley Road rugby football ground	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikory-Janowięta (ɕiˈkɔrɨ janɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sikory-Janowięta	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monsey Church is the colloquial name of a historic Reformed Christian church in the hamlet of Monsey, town of Ramapo, in southern Rockland County, New York, the official name of which, since December 6, 2000, is New Hope Christian Church.	Monsey Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayvil (Welsh: Y Beifil) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Bayvil	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 510 (abbreviated I-510) is a short spur route of Interstate 10 within eastern New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.	Interstate 510	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quincy Medical Center was a 124-year-old teaching hospital located in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Quincy Medical Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghilamara is situated very east of Lakhimpur district in Assam.	Ghilamara	Lakhimpur district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marysville Bridge was a railroad crossing of the Susquehanna River between Marysville, Pennsylvania and Dauphin, Pennsylvania.	Marysville Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windward School is an independent school in the Mar Vista neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.	Windward School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yard Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park located 15 kilometres east of Sicamous along the Trans-Canada Highway in British Columbia, Canada.	Yard Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Międzyrzecze Górne (mjɛnd͡zɨˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Ober Kurzwald) is a village in Gmina Jasienica, Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Międzyrzecze Górne	Gmina Jasienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olean High School is a high school located in Olean, New York, about 65 miles south of Buffalo, New York.	Olean High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finuge (Irish: Fionnóg) is a village near Listowel in County Kerry, Ireland.	Finuge	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Makhtari (Persian: حسين ابادمختاري‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Makhtārī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Makhtari	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dort Mall (formerly Small Mall and Mid-America Plaza) is a shopping mall located in Flint, Michigan.	Dort Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lukireh (Persian: لوكيره‎, also Romanized as Lūkīreh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lukireh	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County (贡山独龙族怒族自治县; pinyin: Gòngshān dúlóngzú nùzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County	Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirteenth Beach is located west of Barwon Heads, Victoria, Australia and the name is taken from the close proximity of the beach to the thirteenth hole of the Barwon Heads Golf Course.	Thirteenth Beach	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sgonico (Slovene: Zgonik) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Trieste in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northwest of Trieste, on the border with Slovenia.	Sgonico	Province of Trieste
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczeglino (ʂt͡ʂɛˈɡlinɔ) (formerly German Steglin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Szczeglino	Gmina Sianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Besednice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɛsɛɟɲɪtsɛ)) is a market town (městys) in Český Krumlov District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Besednice	Český Krumlov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulder Towers is a large commercial building complex in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Boulder Towers	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	M'banza-Kongo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈbɐ̃zɐ), (ĩˈbɐ̃zɐ), (mɨˈβɐ̃zɐ) or (miˈβɐ̃zɐ ˈkõɡu), known as São Salvador in Portuguese from 1570 to 1975), is the capital of Angola's northwestern Zaire Province.	M'banza-Kongo	Zaire
located in the administrative territorial entity	H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College, or Newcomb College, was the coordinate women's college of Tulane University located in New Orleans, in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	H. Sophie Newcomb Memorial College	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leudal (Limburgish: Leudaal) is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Leudal	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wigancice (viɡanˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wigancice	Gmina Ziębice
manufacturer	The VL class are a class of Australian diesel locomotives built by Avteq, Melbourne for Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia between February 2007 and March 2009.	VL class	Avteq
manufacturer	The Peckett OQ Class is a class of 0-6-0ST steam locomotives built in Bristol, England, by Peckett and Sons.	Peckett OQ Class	Peckett and Sons
manufacturer	The Remington Model 34 is a bolt-action rifle that was manufactured by Remington Arms from 1932 until 1935.	Remington Model 34	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Kia Mohave, marketed in North America as the Kia Borrego, is a sport-utility vehicle (SUV) manufactured by the South Korean-based Kia Motors.	Kia Mohave	Kia Motors
manufacturer	USS Pinta was an iron-hulled screw tug of the United States Navy, launched on October 29, 1864, by Reaney, Son & Archbold, Chester, Pennsylvania, completed in October 1865, and commissioned there, Lt. Comdr.	USS Pinta	Reaney, Son & Archbold
manufacturer	The Chiappa Rhino is a revolver produced by Chiappa Firearms of Italy, The frame and all internal parts are manufactured in Italy.	Chiappa Rhino	Chiappa Firearms
manufacturer	The PP-2000 (Russian: ПП-2000) is a submachine gun made by the KBP Instrument Design Bureau.	PP-2000	KBP Instrument Design Bureau
manufacturer	The Yamaha DragStar 250 (also known as the V Star 250 and the XVS250) is a motorcycle produced by Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha DragStar 250	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	Introduced in 1990, the Colt Anaconda is a large frame double-action revolver featuring a full length under-barrel ejection-rod lug and six round cylinder, designed and produced by the Colt's Manufacturing Company.	Colt Anaconda	Colt's Manufacturing Company
manufacturer	The Acura CSX (Compact Sportscar eXperimental), or Honda Civic for the Japanese domestic market (JDM), was an Acura entry-level luxury car exclusively designed for the Canadian market.	Acura CSX	Honda
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Tredia was a compact sedan built by Mitsubishi Motors from 1982 to 1990.	Mitsubishi Tredia	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	GE U36B was a diesel-electric locomotive produced by General Electric beginning in 1969.	GE U36B	General Electric
manufacturer	The ALCO Century 415 was a diesel-electric locomotive of B-B wheel arrangement produced by the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) as part of their Century Series of locomotives.	ALCO Century 415	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	Chromecast is a line of digital media players developed by Google.	Chromecast	Google
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi PX33 is a prototype passenger car built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, the company which would eventually sire Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi PX33	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	HTC Smart is a budget smartphone produced by HTC Corporation.	HTC Smart	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Dion was a compact MPV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.	Mitsubishi Dion	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	All were actually built by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1924 after the grouping, albeit at the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway's Horwich Works.	Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway	Horwich Works
manufacturer	The Remington Model 799 is a bolt action repeating hunting rifle made by Serbian Zastava and branded under Remington Arms.	Remington Model 799	Remington Arms
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Maven is an MPV sold by Mitsubishi Motors in Indonesia since September 15, 2005.	Mitsubishi Maven	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The GTRE GTX-35VS Kaveri () is an afterburning turbofan project developed by the Gas Turbine Research Establishment (GTRE), a lab under the DRDO in Bangalore, India.	GTRE GTX-35VS Kaveri	Gas Turbine Research Establishment
manufacturer	The PA-8000 (PCX-U), code-named Onyx, is a microprocessor developed and fabricated by Hewlett-Packard (HP) that implemented the PA-RISC 2.0 instruction set architecture (ISA).	PA-8000	Hewlett-Packard
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 1903 was the first commercially available semi-automatic firearm made by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company.	Winchester Model 1903	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
manufacturer	MV Baltic Ace was a Bahamian-flagged car carrier that sank in the North Sea on 5 December 2012 after a collision with the Cyprus-registered container ship Corvus J. Built by Stocznia Gdynia in Poland, the ship had been in service since 2007.	MV Baltic Ace	Stocznia Gdynia
manufacturer	The Jaguar F-Pace (codename X761) is a compact luxury crossover SUV made by the British car manufacturer Jaguar Cars, the first model to be built by Jaguar in the crossover SUV class.	Jaguar F-Pace	Jaguar Cars
manufacturer	The Acura Legend is a luxury car manufactured by Honda.	Acura Legend	Honda
manufacturer	The BFW M.35, sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 35, was a German sports plane of the early 1930s.	BFW M.35	Messerschmitt
manufacturer	The BUL Cherokee is a polymer framed semi-automatic pistol made by Israeli firearms manufacturer BUL Transmark and is based on the Czech-designed CZ 75.	BUL Cherokee	BUL Transmark
member of political party	Jaime Fernández Saracho (born 28 February 1957) is a Mexican teacher and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Jaime Fernández Saracho	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	William Garfit (9 November 1840 -- 29 October 1920) was an English banker and Conservative Party politician from the town of Boston in Lincolnshire.	William Garfit	Conservative Party
member of political party	Wayne David (born 1 July 1957) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Caerphilly since 2001.	Wayne David	Labour Party
member of political party	Reza Rezaee (Persian: رضا رضایی‎; born December 24, 1960) is a Norwegian-Iranian politician representing the left-wing political party Red.	Reza Rezaee	Red
member of political party	Ramapati Ram Tripathi is a former president of Bharatiya Janata Party Uttar Pradesh state unit in India .	Ramapati Ram Tripathi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Jean Inman is an American political figure who served as Chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party from 1997 to 1998 and again in 2002.	Jean Inman	Republican Party
member of political party	Arturo Parisi (born 13 September 1940) is an Italian politician, leader of the Ulivist faction of the Democratic Party and four-time member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.	Arturo Parisi	Democratic Party
member of political party	James Joseph Hines (December 18, 1876 -- March 26, 1957) was a Democratic Party politician and one of the most powerful leaders of Tammany Hall in New York City.	James Joseph Hines	Democratic Party
member of political party	Although not as politically involved as her husband, Maria Barroso was a founding member of the Socialist Party in Bad Münstereifel, Germany in 1973.	Maria Barroso	Socialist Party
member of political party	Dato' Seri Mohd Radzi Sheikh Ahmad (born 24 February 1942) is a former Malaysian politician from the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO).	Mohd Radzi Sheikh Ahmad	United Malays National Organisation
member of political party	John J. Burzichelli (born November 14, 1954) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2002, where he represents the 3rd Legislative District.	John J. Burzichelli	Democratic Party
member of political party	Nils Schmid (born July 11, 1973, Trier) is the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Germany in Baden-Württemberg.	Nils Schmid	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Marita Aronson (born 10 May 1939 in Guddarp, Småland) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician.	Marita Aronson	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Lancelot Rolleston (20 July 1785 -- 18 May 1862) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Lancelot Rolleston	Conservative Party
member of political party	David Lepper (born 15 September 1945) is a British Labour Co-operative politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brighton Pavilion from 1997 to 2010.	David Lepper	Labour Co-operative
member of political party	Raymonde Folco is a Canadian politician, member of the Liberal Party of Canada.	Raymonde Folco	Liberal Party of Canada
member of political party	Julius Bomholt (11 June 1896 -- 2 January 1969) was a Danish politician representing the Social Democrats.	Julius Bomholt	Social Democrats
member of political party	Julia Schramm (born 30 September 1985, in Frankfurt am Main) is a German politician and a member of the Pirate Party Germany.	Julia Schramm	Pirate Party Germany
member of political party	Tao Zhu (simplified Chinese: 陶铸; traditional Chinese: 陶鑄; pinyin: Táo Zhù; 16 January 1908 - 30 November 1969) was a member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China .	Tao Zhu	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Gwilym Elfed Davies, Baron Davies of Penrhys (9 October 1913 -- 28 April 1992) was a Welsh Labour Party politician.	Elfed Davies, Baron Davies of Penrhys	Labour Party
member of political party	G. M. Premachandra (24 August 1940 -- 24 October 1994) was the Cabinet Minister of Labour and Vocational Training of United National Party government from 1990-94.	G. M. Premachandra	United National Party
member of political party	David Beasley, a native of Darlington, South Carolina, began his political career as a member of the Democratic Party, but switched to the Republican Party in September 1991, three years before his election as governor.	David Beasley	Democratic Party
member of political party	Alex Maskey (born 8 January 1952) is an Irish politician who was the first member of Sinn Féin to serve as Belfast's Lord Mayor.	Alex Maskey	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Melvin Cottrell (March 31, 1929 -- October 9, 2002) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992 until his death.	Melvin Cottrell	Republican Party
member of political party	Onesimus Edwards (5 April 1897 -- 3 May 1968), generally known as Ness Edwards, was a Welsh Labour Party politician.	Ness Edwards	Labour Party
member of political party	Eyvind Getz (1888--1956) was a Norwegian barrister and politician for the Conservative Party.	Eyvind Getz	Conservative Party
member of political party	Sérgio Marques (born February 25, 1957 in Funchal, Madeira) is a Portuguese politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party--	Sérgio Marques	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Joe Trasolini (born 1947 or 1948) is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Port Moody-Coquitlam in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2012 to 2013 as a member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party.	Joe Trasolini	British Columbia New Democratic Party
member of political party	Jorge Emilio González Martínez (born 16 April 1972 in Mexico City), popularly known as El Niño Verde (the Green Boy), is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico (PVEM).	Jorge Emilio González Martínez	Ecologist Green Party of Mexico
member of political party	Mordechai Surkis (Hebrew: מרדכי סורקיס‎, born 21 January 1908, died 26 May 1995) was an Israeli politician who was the first mayor of Kfar Saba, as well as serving as a member of the Knesset for Rafi and its successors between 1965 and 1974.	Mordechai Surkis	Rafi
member of political party	Chong Eng (Chinese: 章瑛; pinyin: Zhāng Yīng; born on 6 July 1957), is a Malaysian politician for Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Chong Eng	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Gregory P. McGuckin (born July 2, 1961) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly, representing the 10th Legislative District since January 10, 2012.	Gregory P. McGuckin	Republican Party
member of political party	Svend Foyn Bruun, Sr. (1 December 1883 -- 31 May 1956) was a Norwegian naval officer, ship-owner and whaler, and politician for the Conservative Party.	Svend Foyn Bruun, Sr.	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ingolf Elster Christensen (28 March 1872 in Førde -- 3 May 1943 in Førde) was a Norwegian jurist, military officer, county governor and politician for the Conservative Party.	Ingolf Elster Christensen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Rihards Pīks (born December 31, 1941 in Riga) is a Latvian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the People's Party; part of the European People's Party.	Rihards Pīks	People's Party
member of political party	Ali Kaes (born 4 April 1955, in Diekirch) is a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People's Party.	Ali Kaes	Christian Social People's Party
member of political party	Viking Mestad (12 January 1930 -- 15 December 2013) was a Norwegian banker and politician for the Liberal Party.	Viking Mestad	Liberal Party
member of political party	John D. Magnum was a Michigan politician and chairman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1916 to 1919.	John D. Magnum	Republican Party
member of political party	Frits Dragstra (6 October 1927 -- 5 June 2015) was a Dutch politician, he served as member of the House of Representatives for the Communist Party of the Netherlands between 1972 and 1977 and in the States of Limburg between 1966 and 1978.	Frits Dragstra	Communist Party of the Netherlands
member of political party	Jehu Patterson (1765--1851) was an American Democratic Party politician, who represented Monmouth County in the New Jersey Legislative Council, the precursor to the New Jersey State Senate.	Jehu Patterson	Democratic Party
member of political party	Marc-Yvan Côté (born March 27, 1947 in Sainte-Anne-des-Monts, Quebec) is a former Quebec politician and Cabinet Minister for the Quebec Liberal Party.	Marc-Yvan Côté	Quebec Liberal Party
member of political party	Simon Darby (born 8 November 1964) is a British politician and former Deputy Chairman of the British National Party.	Simon Darby	British National Party
member of political party	In the 1970s David Mudd was a member of Mebyon Kernow as well as the Conservative Party.	David Mudd	Conservative Party
member of political party	César Augusto Carrasco Gómez is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	César Augusto Carrasco	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Maragatham Chandrasekar joined the Indian National Congress and was elected to the Lok Sabha from Tiruvallur in the 1951 parliamentary elections.	Maragatham Chandrasekar	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Adam Stankievič was one of the founders of the Belarusian Christian Democratic Union and the Belarusian Christian Democracy.	Adam Stankievič	Belarusian Christian Democracy
member of political party	Raymundo Cárdenas Hernández (born February 3, 1950) is a Mexican left-wing politician from Zacatecas affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) who currently serves in the lower house of the Mexican Congress.	Raymundo Cárdenas	Party of the Democratic Revolution
member of political party	Olaf Aarvold (3 February 1899, Gjerpen - 3 August 1991) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.	Olaf Aarvold	Liberal Party
member of political party	Dr. Tarun Mandal is an Indian politician, belonging to the Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) and was the MP representing Joynagar (Lok Sabha constituency) of West Bengal in the 15th Lok Sabha.	Tarun Mandal	Socialist Unity Centre of India
member of political party	In April 2007, his wife Eme Ufot Ekaette was elected Senator for Akwa Ibom South on the People's Democratic Party (PDP) platform.	Ufot Ekaette	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Smt Alka Balram Kshatriya, a politician from Indian National Congress party, is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Gujarat in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	Alka Balram Kshatriya	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Kadi Sesay (born March 4, 1949) is a Sierra Leonean politician, feminist, pro-democracy advocate and the Vice Presidential Candididate of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP).	Kadi Sesay	Sierra Leone People's Party
member of political party	Shiv Narayan Tandon was an Indian National Congress politician.	Shiv Narayan Tandon	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Ze'ev Bielski (Hebrew: זאב בילסקי‎, born 13 March 1949) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2009 and 2013.	Ze'ev Bielski	Kadima
member of political party	Born in Ogden, Utah, Monica Lindeen served as Vice Chair of the Montana Democratic Party from 1997 to 2000.	Monica Lindeen	Democratic Party
member of political party	Buckner Stith Morris (August 19, 1800 -- December 16, 1879) served as Mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1838--1839) for the Whig Party.	Buckner Stith Morris	Whig Party
member of political party	Sir Charles Leolin Forestier-Walker, 1st Baronet, KBE (6 May 1866 -- 13 May 1934) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Leolin Forestier-Walker	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ahmet Kenan Tanrıkulu (born 17 May 1958) is a Turkish politician and economist from the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), who has served as the Member of Parliament for İzmir's second electoral district since 2007, having previously served between 1999 and 2002.	Ahmet Kenan Tanrıkulu	Nationalist Movement Party
member of political party	Vincent Hadleŭski was one of the founders of the Belarusian Christian Democracy political party, and was editor of the magazine Krynica.	Vincent Hadleŭski	Belarusian Christian Democracy
member of political party	Ada Maimon (Hebrew: עדה מימון‎, born Ada Fishman on 8 October 1893, died 10 October 1973) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1955.	Ada Maimon	Mapai
member of political party	Since late 2000s (decade), Ernst Sabila is among the members of the revived Belarusian Christian Democracy.	Ernst Sabila	Belarusian Christian Democracy
member of political party	Deirdre Griswold was a third-party candidate for President of the United States in the United States presidential election, 1980, representing the communist Workers World Party.	Deirdre Griswold	Workers World Party
member of political party	Grzegorz Sztolcman (born 23 May 1962 in Częstochowa) is a Polish politician, physician, and Sejm member for the Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska).	Grzegorz Sztolcman	Civic Platform
member of political party	Aram Manukian (classical Armenian: Արամ Մանուկեան, reformed: Արամ Մանուկյան), also referred to as simply Aram or Aram pasha (19 March 1879 -- 29 January 1919), was an Armenian nationalist revolutionary, statesman and a leading member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaktsutyun).	Aram Manukian	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Marie-Christine Arnautu (born 19 October 1952 in Paris) is a French Member of the European Parliament for the National Front, and the party's vice president for social affairs.	Marie-Christine Arnautu	National Front
member of political party	Uldis Augulis (born 16 March 1972, Dobele, Latvian SSR) is a Latvian politician and a memebr of the Union of Greens and Farmers.	Uldis Augulis	Union of Greens and Farmers
member of political party	On March 12, 2008, František Mikloško, together with Vladimír Palko, Pavol Minárik, and Rudolf Bauer, established a new party called Conservative Democrats of Slovakia.	František Mikloško	Conservative Democrats of Slovakia
member of political party	In the state parliament (Landtag) election 2005, Jürgen Rüttgers was the opposition Christian Democratic Union's front-runner for the second time.	Jürgen Rüttgers	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Julien-Édouard-Alfred Dubuc (1 January 1871 -- 27 October 1947) was an Independent Liberal and Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Alfred Dubuc	Independent Liberal
member of political party	João Raimundo Colombo (born February 28, 1955 Lages, Santa Catarina) is a Brazilian politician and member of the Social Democratic Party (PSD).	Raimundo Colombo	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Edward Shortt PC KC (10 March 1862 -- 10 November 1935) was a British lawyer and Liberal Party politician.	Edward Shortt	Liberal Party
member of political party	Gottfried Eichelbrönner (12 November 1901 -- 29 October 1986) was a German farmer and politician from the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Gottfried Eichelbrönner	Christian Social Union of Bavaria
member of political party	Sébastien Jumel (born December 20, 1971 in Le Mans, Sarthe) is a French politician and a member of the French Communist Party (PCF).	Sébastien Jumel	French Communist Party
member of political party	Natasha Mazzone is a South African politician, a Member of the South African Parliament with the Democratic Alliance (South Africa) and the Shadow Minister of Public Enterprises.	Natasha Mazzone	Democratic Alliance
military branch	Lord Charles Hay (c. 1700 -- 1 May 1760) was a soldier of the British Army who saw service in the Anglo-Spanish War, the Wars of the Polish and Austrian Successions, and the Seven Years' War.	Lord Charles Hay	British Army
military branch	Joseph Harold Moore (27 April 1914 -- 27 December 2006) was a United States Air Force lieutenant general, known for his role as commander of the USAF 2nd Air Division and Seventh Air Force during part the Vietnam War, and in particular, his leadership role in Operation Rolling Thunder.	Joseph Harold Moore	United States Air Force
military branch	Captain Augustus Leveson-Gower (21 June 1782 -- 3 August 1802) served in the Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary war.	Augustus Leveson-Gower	Royal Navy
military branch	Charles John Barnett (12 March 1790 -- 4 August 1856) was an officer in the British Army who also served as a diplomat.	Charles John Barnett	British Army
military branch	Charles Cathcart, 8th Lord Cathcart (1686 -- 20 December 1740) was a British Army officer.	Charles Cathcart, 8th Lord Cathcart	British Army
military branch	Antonio Williams (1825--1908) was a seaman first class serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	Antonio Williams	United States Navy
military branch	James Hogun (died January 4, 1781) was an Irish-American military officer who was as one of five generals from North Carolina to serve with the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.	James Hogun	Continental Army
military branch	Samuel Chester Reid (24 August 1783 -- 28 January 1861) was an officer in the United States Navy who commanded a privateer during the War of 1812.	Samuel Chester Reid	United States Navy
military branch	The 23rd Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Kama (2nd Croatian) was a German mountain infantry division of the Waffen-SS, the armed wing of the German Nazi Party that served alongside but was never formally part of the Wehrmacht during World War II. It was composed of German officers and Bosnian Muslim soldiers.	23rd Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Kama (2nd Croatian)	Waffen-SS
military branch	James Harper McDonald (July 15, 1900 -- December 29, 1973) was a United States Navy diver and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions during the salvage of the sunken submarine USS Sailfish.	James Harper McDonald	United States Navy
military branch	Major Allison Digby Tatham-Warter DSO (21 May 1917--21 March 1993), also known as Digby Tatham-Warter or just Digby, was a British Army officer who fought in the Second World War.	Digby Tatham-Warter	British Army
military branch	Richard Mattern Montgomery (December 15, 1911 -- August 27, 1987), was a lieutenant general in the United States Air Force, and chief-of-staff of the U. S. Strategic Air Command from 1952 to 1956.	Richard Mattern Montgomery	United States Air Force
military branch	Henryk Szczęsny (27 March 1909 -- 25 July 1996) was a Polish fighter ace of the Polish Air Force in World War II with 9 confirmed kills and one shared.	Henryk Szczęsny	Polish Air Force
military branch	General George Milner (1760 - 1836) was a general officer of the British Army during the late eighteenth century.	George Milner	British Army
military branch	RDML Gretchen S. Herbert is a United States Navy officer who commands the Navy Cyber Forces.	Gretchen S. Herbert	United States Navy
military branch	VFA-22, Strike Fighter Squadron 22, also known as the ``Fighting Redcocks'', are a United States Navy F/A-18F Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Station Lemoore.	VFA-22	United States Navy
military branch	Günther Korten (26 July 1898 -- 22 July 1944) was a German Colonel General and Chief of the General Staff of the Luftwaffe in World War II. He died from injuries suffered in the assassination attempt on Adolf Hitler in July 1944.	Günther Korten	Luftwaffe
military branch	Samuel K. Vaughan was a lieutenant colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general in 1866.	Samuel K. Vaughan	Union Army
military branch	General Sir John Garvock GCB (died 10 November 1878) was a British Army General who achieved high office in the 1860s.	John Garvock	British Army
military branch	Ronald Nels Running (born 1941) is a retired United States Air Force Major General who has more than 3,800 flying hours in F-105D, F-5 A/E, F-4 D/E and F-16A aircraft.	Nels Running	United States Air Force
military branch	Andrew Belton (17 April 1882 in Cleator Moor, Cumberland, England, UK -- 1970 in South Africa) was a British Army officer and veteran of campaigns in South Africa and Morocco.	Andrew Belton	British Army
military branch	Lew Allen, Jr. (September 30, 1925 -- January 4, 2010) was a United States Air Force four-star General who served as the tenth Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force.	Lew Allen	United States Air Force
military branch	Rear Admiral Gilbert Jonathan Rowcliff (July 22, 1881 -- July 15, 1963) was an officer of the United States Navy during the First World War and the Second World War.	Gilbert Jonathan Rowcliff	United States Navy
military branch	Colonel Robin Evelegh (23 November 1932 -- 15 May 2010) was a British Army officer who was the author of Peace-Keeping in a Democratic Society-The Lessons of Northern Ireland (1978) which was based on his experiences as an infantry battalion commander in Belfast and which influenced later peacekeeping operations.	Robin Evelegh	British Army
military branch	General Sir Ashton Gerard Oswald Mosley Mayne, GCB CBE DSO (1889--1955) was a British Indian Army officer in both World War I and World War II.	Mosley Mayne	British Indian Army
military branch	Air Commodore Sir John Adrian Chamier CB CMG DSO OBE (26 December 1883 -- 3 May 1974) was a British officer of the Royal Air Force.	John Adrian Chamier	Royal Air Force
military branch	Major-General Alexander Bruce Tulloch CB (2 September 1838 -- 26 May 1920) was a British Army officer, who was military commandant for the then colony of Victoria (Australia).	Alexander Bruce Tulloch	British Army
military branch	Caesar von Hofacker (sometimes Cäsar) (2 March 1896 -- 20 December 1944) was a German Luftwaffe Lieutenant Colonel and member of the 20 July plot against Adolf Hitler.	Caesar von Hofacker	Luftwaffe
military branch	Thomas Eyles (c. 1769 -- 29 September 1835) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Thomas Eyles	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General (William) Desmond Mangham CB (29 August 1924 -- 23 November 2014) was a British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division.	Desmond Mangham	British Army
military branch	Harry C. Beasley (November 1, 1888 -- July 2, 1931) was a United States Navy seaman who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the United States occupation of Veracruz, 1914.	Harry C. Beasley	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier Robert Hugh Bellamy CBE, DSO & Bar (8 December 1910 -- 27 November 1972) was a senior British Army officer who commanded the 6th Airlanding Brigade during the Rhine Crossing on 24 March 1945 and in the advance across Germany during the Second World War.	Hugh Bellamy	British Army
military branch	The 18th Mounted Brigade previously known as the 2/1st Yorkshire Mounted Brigade was a 2nd Line yeomanry brigade of the British Army during the First World War.	18th Mounted Brigade	British Army
military branch	Montfort Browne (fl. 1760--1780) was a British Army officer and Tory, and a major landowner and developer of British West Florida in the 1760s and 1770s.	Montfort Browne	British Army
military branch	Honorary Brigadier-General Henry Alexander Walker, CB, CMG, DSO, H.P (20 October 1874 - 1 May 1953) was a British Army officer who served with the Royal Fusiliers regiment, and later with the King's African Rifles in the First World War.	Henry Alexander Walker	British Army
military branch	Paula Coughlin, now also known as Paula Puopolo, was a Lieutenant in the United States Navy.	Paula Coughlin	United States Navy
military branch	Captain John Mayrant (December 1762 -- August 1836) was an officer in the Continental Navy and later the United States Navy, who served aboard the Bon Homme Richard in its 1779 battle with the Serapis.	John Mayrant	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Marion Case Cheek, USN(R) (October 18, 1888 -- June 20, 1969) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy Reserve.	Marion Case Cheek	United States Navy
military branch	General Sir Ian Standish Monteith Hamilton GCB, GCMG, DSO, TD (16 January 1853 -- 12 October 1947) was a senior officer in the British Army, who is most notable for commanding the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force during the Gallipoli Campaign.	Ian Standish Monteith Hamilton	British Army
military branch	Stephen Clegg Rowan (25 December 1808--31 March 1890) was a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy, who served during the Mexican--	Stephen Clegg Rowan	United States Navy
military branch	William Abram Mann (July 31, 1854 -- October 8, 1934) was a general officer in the United States Army.	William Abram Mann	United States Army
military branch	Thomas Hoban (born September 11, 1872) was a coxswain serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Thomas Hoban	United States Navy
military branch	John Millmore (26 March 1859--?) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	John Millmore	United States Navy
military branch	Lt. Edward Micka, born at Cayuga, North Dakota, 10 October 1915, enlisted in the United States Navy 19 June 1934.	Edward Micka	United States Navy
military branch	Charles I. Halt (Born 1939) is a retired United States Air Force colonel and the former base commander of RAF Bentwaters, near Woodbridge, Suffolk.	Charles I. Halt	United States Air Force
military branch	The Post Office Rifles was a unit of the British Army, first formed in 1868 from volunteers as part of the Volunteer Force, which later became the Territorial Force (and later the Territorial Army).	Post Office Rifles	British Army
military branch	Air Commandant Dame Felicity Peake DBE (1 May 1913, Cheadle Hulme, Stockport, England -- 2 November 2002) was the founding director of the UK's Women's Royal Air Force (WRAF).	Felicity Peake	Royal Air Force
military branch	Alfred Brian Palmer MBE, DSC (27 March 1899 Redfern, New South Wales -- 4 July 1993 Clearwater, Florida) was a Royal Navy Reserve captain and near the end of his career was the commander of the shore base HMS Furneaux in Brisbane.	Alfred Brian Palmer	Royal Navy
military branch	Marvin Glenn Shields (December 30, 1939 -- June 10, 1965) was the first and only United States Navy Seabee to be awarded the Medal of Honor.	Marvin Glenn Shields	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Patrick Sinclair (1736 -- 31 January 1820) was a British Army officer and governor in North America.	Patrick Sinclair	British Army
military branch	Joe Ekins (15 July 1923 -- 1 February 2012) was a World War II British Army veteran.	Joe Ekins	British Army
military branch	Captain David McCampbell (January 16, 1910 -- June 30, 1996) was a United States Navy captain, fighter pilot, and a Medal of Honor recipient.	David McCampbell	United States Navy
mother	Louise of Great Britain (originally Louisa; 18 December 1724 -- 19 December 1751) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1746 until her death, as the first wife of King Frederick V. She was the youngest surviving daughter of George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach.	Louise of Great Britain	Caroline of Ansbach
mother	Tāwhiao's father, Te Wherowhero, was the leader of the Waikato people, and his mother, Whakaawi, was Te Wherowhero's senior wife.	Tāwhiao	Whakaawi
mother	Švitrigaila was born to Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his second wife Uliana of Tver.	Švitrigaila	Uliana of Tver
mother	Erendis, too, was self-willed, reluctant ever to compromise, as her own mother Núneth observed; even in childhood for Erendis it was 'all or nothing'.	Erendis	Núneth
mother	Lena Tabori is the daughter of actress Viveca Lindfors, the founder of Welcome Enterprises, Inc., and a co-founder of Stewart, Tabori & Chang (STC).	Lena Tabori	Viveca Lindfors
mother	Thérèse Vanier was born on February 27, 1923 in Camberley, Surrey to Pauline Vanier (née Archer), an appointed member of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada and Georges Vanier, a decorated soldier and former Governor General of Canada.	Thérèse Vanier	Pauline Vanier
mother	Thutmose IV was born to Amenhotep II and Tiaa but was not actually the crown prince and Amenhotep II's chosen successor to the throne.	Thutmose IV	Tiaa
mother	Richard of Normandy (c. 1054 to between 1069 and 1075) was the second son of William the Conqueror, King of England, and Matilda of Flanders.	Richard of Normandy	Matilda of Flanders
mother	Jane Rolfe was born in Varina, Henrico County, Virginia on October 10, 1650 to Thomas Rolfe and his wife, Jane Poythress, whose parents were Francis Poythress and Alice Payton of England.	Jane Rolfe	Jane Poythress
mother	Nebetah was one of the daughters of Ancient Egyptian pharaoh Amenhotep III of the 18th dynasty and his Great Royal Wife Tiye.	Nebetah	Tiye
mother	Elisabeth Luther (10 December (O.S. 1 December) 1527 -- 3 August (O.S. 25 July) 1528) was the first daughter and second child born to German priest and iconic figure of the Protestant Reformation, Martin Luther and his wife Katharina von Bora.	Elisabeth Luther	Katharina von Bora
mother	Prince Louis Charles of Prussia (German: Friedrich Ludwig Karl von Preußen) (Potsdam, 5 November 1773 -- Berlin, 28 December 1796) was the second son and third child of Frederick William II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt.	Prince Louis Charles of Prussia	Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt
mother	Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia (Russian: Княжна Ирина Александровна Романова; 15 July (OS: 3 July), 1895, Peterhof, Russia -- 26 February 1970, Paris, France) was the only daughter of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.	Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia	Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia
mother	In Greek mythology, Atreus (/ˈeɪtriəs/; Greek: Ἀτρεύς) was a king of Mycenae in the Peloponnese, the son of Pelops and Hippodamia, and the father of Agamemnon and Menelaus.	Atreus	Hippodamia
mother	Abdullah Khadr was born in 1981 in Ottawa, Canada as the second child and first son to Ahmed Khadr and his wife Maha el-Samnah, while his father was still in graduate school in computer science.	Abdullah Khadr	Maha el-Samnah
mother	Matthew, Count of Boulogne, also known as Matthew of Alsace (c. 1137--1173) was the second son of Thierry, Count of Flanders and Sibylla of Anjou.	Matthew, Count of Boulogne	Sibylla of Anjou
mother	Judith of Habsburg (13 March 1271 -- 21 May 1297) was the youngest daughter of Rudolph I of Germany and his wife Gertrude of Hohenburg.	Judith of Habsburg	Gertrude of Hohenburg
mother	Princess Maria Maximilianovna of Leuchtenberg, also known as Princess Maria Romanovskya, Maria, Princess Romanovskaja, or Marie Maximiliane (16 October 1841 - 16 February 1914) was the eldest daughter of Maximilian de Beauharnais, 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia.	Princess Maria Maximilianovna of Leuchtenberg	Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia
mother	Rohese of Monmouth (Rohese de Monemue in Anglo-Norman; born about 1135/1140; died in or near 1180) was the daughter of Baderon fitzWilliam, lord of Monmouth, and of his wife Rohese de Clare.	Rohese of Monmouth	Rohese de Clare
mother	Herman I, Count of Henneberg (1224 -- 18 December 1290) was the son of Count Poppo VII of Henneberg and his wife, Jutta of Thuringia (born: 1184; died: 6 August 1235 in Schleusingen), the eldest daughter of Landgrave Herman I of Thuringia.	Herman I, Count of Henneberg	Jutta of Thuringia
mother	John VII Palaiologos was the son of Emperor Andronikos IV Palaiologos and Keratsa of Bulgaria, a daughter of Emperor Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and Theodora of Wallachia.	John VII Palaiologos	Keratsa of Bulgaria
mother	Duchess Anna of Prussia and Jülich-Cleves-Berg (3 July 1576 -- 30 August 1625) was the daughter of Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia, and Marie Eleonore of Cleves.	Duchess Anna of Prussia	Marie Eleonore of Cleves
mother	Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein (Aloys Gonzaga Maria Adolf; 17 June 1869 in Hollenegg -- 16 March 1955 in Vaduz) was the son of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein (1842--1907) and Princess Henriette of Liechtenstein (1843--1931), daughter of Alois II of Liechtenstein.	Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein	Princess Henriette of Liechtenstein
mother	Doña Leonor Cortés Moctezuma (born c. 1528) was the out of wedlock daughter of Hernán Cortés, conquistador of Mexico, and Doña Isabel Moctezuma the eldest daughter of the Aztec Emperor Moctezuma II. She was acknowledged by her father and married Juan de Tolosa, one of the discoverers of the silver mines in Zacatecas.	Leonor Cortés Moctezuma	Isabel Moctezuma
mother	Gen. Duke's dam was Wistful, a daughter of Sun Again by Sun Teddy.	Gen. Duke	Wistful
named after	In mathematics (specifically in measure theory), a Radon measure, named after Johann Radon, is a measure on the σ-algebra of Borel sets of a Hausdorff topological space X that is locally finite and inner regular.	Radon measure	Johann Radon
named after	Borel sets are named after Émile Borel.	Borel set	Émile Borel
named after	La Plata was renamed Eva Perón City (Ciudad Eva Perón) between 1952 and 1955.	La Plata	Eva Perón
named after	Emmer-Erfscheidenveen is a hamlet in the Netherlands and it is part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe.	Emmer-Erfscheidenveen	Emmen
named after	Köpmantorget (Swedish: ``Merchant's Square'') is a small public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, located between the street Köpmangatan and to slopes collectively named Köpmanbrinken, both of which lead down to the street Österlånggatan.	Köpmantorget	Köpmangatan
named after	In physics and fluid mechanics, a Blasius boundary layer (named after Paul Richard Heinrich Blasius) describes the steady two-dimensional laminar boundary layer that forms on a semi-infinite plate which is held parallel to a constant unidirectional flow.	Blasius boundary layer	Paul Richard Heinrich Blasius
named after	The Kilimanjaro Region borrowed its name from the tallest mountain in Africa, Mount Kilimanjaro.	Kilimanjaro Region	Mount Kilimanjaro
named after	OCR-A is a font that arose in the early days of computer optical character recognition when there was a need for a font that could be recognized not only by the computers of that day, but also by humans.	OCR-A	optical character recognition
named after	The Kirov Islands or Sergey Kirov Islands (Russian: Oстрова Кирова, Ostrova Kirova or Aрхипелаг Сергея Кирова, Archipelag Sergeya Kirova), also known as Kerova Islands, is an archipelago of small islands covered with tundra vegetation.	Kirov Islands	Sergey Kirov
named after	Pyrénées-Orientales (French pronunciation: ​(pi.ʁe.ne.ɔ.ʁjɑ̃.tal); Catalan: Pirineus Orientals; Occitan: Pirenèus Orientals; ``Eastern Pyrenees'') is a department of southern France adjacent to the northern Spanish frontier and the Mediterranean Sea.	Pyrénées-Orientales	Pyrenees
named after	143 Adria is a fairly large main-belt asteroid that was discovered by Austrian astronomer J. Palisa on February 23, 1875, at Pula, and named after the Adriatic Sea, on the coast of which the discovery was made.	143 Adria	Adriatic Sea
named after	The Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg (German: Martin-Luther-Universität Halle-Wittenberg), also referred to as MLU, is a public, research-oriented university in the cities of Halle and Wittenberg within Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg	Martin-Luther
named after	The Jastrow illusion is an optical illusion discovered by the American psychologist Joseph Jastrow in 1889.	Jastrow illusion	Joseph Jastrow
named after	The Toarcian takes its name from the city of Thouars, just south of Saumur in the Loire Valley of France.	Toarcian	Thouars
named after	McCormick Foundation is a Chicago-based nonprofit charitable trust established in 1955, following the death of ``Colonel'' Robert R. McCormick of the McCormick family.	McCormick Foundation	Robert R. McCormick
named after	The Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal emerging in 1998, from a sexual relationship between 49-year-old President Bill Clinton and a 22-year-old White House employee, Monica Lewinsky.	Lewinsky scandal	Monica Lewinsky
named after	Blum Blum Shub (B.B.S.) is a pseudorandom number generator proposed in 1986 by Lenore Blum, Manuel Blum and Michael Shub that is derived from Michael O. Rabin's oblivious transfer mapping.	Blum Blum Shub	Lenore Blum	Manuel Blum	Michael Shub
named after	Space launch vehicle Volna (``wave'' in Russian), is a converted Submarine-launched ballistic missile used for launching satellites into orbit.	Volna	wave
named after	162 Laurentia is a large and dark main-belt asteroid that was discovered by the French brothers Paul Henry and Prosper Henry on April 21, 1876, and named after A. Laurent, an amateur astronomer who discovered asteroid 51 Nemausa.	162 Laurentia	A. Laurent
named after	Kopp's law can refer to either of two relationships discovered by the German chemist Hermann Franz Moritz Kopp (1817--1892).	Kopp's law	Hermann Franz Moritz Kopp
named after	Edenite is named for the locality of Edenville, Orange County, New York, where it was first described.	Edenite	Edenville
named after	In mathematics, Giambelli's formula, named after Giovanni Giambelli, expresses Schubert classes in terms of special Schubert classes, or Schur functions in terms of complete symmetric functions.	Giambelli's formula	Giovanni Giambelli
named after	And the name Santa María Rupes are named after the Santa Maria, the ship of Christopher Columbus because all rupes are named after the ships of famous explorers on Mercury.	Santa María Rupes	Santa Maria
named after	Tetrahedrite gets its name from the distinctive tetrahedron shaped cubic crystals.	Tetrahedrite	tetrahedron
named after	In mathematics, Weber's theorem, named after Heinrich Martin Weber, is a result on algebraic curves.	Weber's theorem	Heinrich Martin Weber
named after	The Dalton Minimum was a period of low sunspot count, representing low solar activity, named after the English meteorologist John Dalton, lasting from about 1790 to 1830 or 1796 to 1820, corresponding to the period solar cycle 4 to solar cycle 7.	Dalton Minimum	John Dalton
narrative location	Suburban Girl is a 2007 comedy film starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, Alec Baldwin and Maggie Grace, which was filmed in New York City.	Suburban Girl	New York City
narrative location	The Bedford Diaries explores the excitement and intensity of New York City college life through the eyes of six students with different backgrounds, experiences and ages, who are brought together in a provocative sexuality seminar.	The Bedford Diaries	New York City
narrative location	Le calife de Bagdad (The Caliph of Baghdad) is an opéra comique in one act by the French composer François-Adrien Boieldieu with a libretto by Claude de Saint-Just (Godard d'Aucourt).	Le calife de Bagdad	Baghdad
narrative location	I Am Mary Dunne (1968) is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore about one day in the life of a beautiful and well-to-do 31-year-old Canadian woman living in New York City with her third husband, a successful playwright.	I Am Mary Dunne	New York City
narrative location	Walk Into Paradise (also known as Walk Into Hell) is a 1956 French-Australian international co-production adventure film directed by Lee Robinson and Marcello Pagliero shot on location in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.	Walk Into Paradise	Papua New Guinea
narrative location	Mother of George is a 2013 Nigerian drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu and tells the story of a newly married Nigerian couple in Brooklyn who own and manage a small restaurant while struggling with fertility issues.	Mother of George	Brooklyn
narrative location	McTeague is a dentist of limited intellect from a poor miner's family, who has opened a dentist shop on Polk Street in San Francisco.	McTeague	San Francisco
narrative location	Urban Ghost Story is a 1998 British horror film set in a high-rise housing estate in Glasgow.	Urban Ghost Story	Glasgow
narrative location	The White Family is a novel by English author Maggie Gee, published in 2002 in London by Saqi Books.	The White Family	London
narrative location	Crisis in the Kremlin is a 1991 strategy video game with managerial aspects in which the player acts as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 to 2017.	Crisis in the Kremlin	Soviet Union
narrative location	Detropia is a 2012 documentary film, directed by Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady, about the city of Detroit, Michigan.	Detropia	Detroit
narrative location	Lost in the Barrens is an adventure story that takes place in northern Manitoba and southwestern North West Territories in 1935.	Lost in the Barrens	Manitoba
narrative location	God of Gamblers II (Chinese: 賭俠; Cantonese Yale: Dou Hap; literally: ``Knight of Gambling'') is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film written and directed by Wong Jing.	God of Gamblers II	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Liver Birds is a British sitcom, set in Liverpool, North West England, which aired on BBC1 from April 1969 to January 1979, and again in 1996.	The Liver Birds	Liverpool
narrative location	The Colour of Magic (also known as The Color of Magic) is a 1983 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, and is the first book of the Discworld series.	The Colour of Magic	Discworld
narrative location	The L.A. Quartet is a sequence of four crime fiction novels by James Ellroy set in the late 1940s through the late 1950s in Los Angeles.	L.A. Quartet	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Sweeney is a 1970s British television police drama focusing on two members of the Flying Squad, a branch of the Metropolitan Police specialising in tackling armed robbery and violent crime in London.	The Sweeney	London
narrative location	Kokowääh is set in Berlin and Potsdam, Brandenburg, Germany.	Kokowääh	Berlin
narrative location	Wizard of the Pigeons is a 1985 urban fantasy novel set in Seattle, Washington by Megan Lindholm, issued as a paperback original by Ace Books and reprinted in hardcover by Hypatia Press in 1994.	Wizard of the Pigeons	Seattle
narrative location	Set in California, Spencer's Pilots was created and produced by Larry Rosen.	Spencer's Pilots	California
narrative location	The Blood of Others (French: Le Sang des autres) is a novel by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1945 and depicting the lives of several characters in Paris leading up to and during the Second World War.	The Blood of Others	Paris
narrative location	Only When I Dance tells the story of two teenagers, Irlan and Isabela, who pursue their dreams of becoming professional ballet dancers as a way to escape the violent slums of Rio de Janeiro.	Only When I Dance	Rio de Janeiro
narrative location	Memoirs of an Invisible Man is a 1992 film directed by John Carpenter and released by Warner Bros., with many scenes taking place in and around San Francisco.	Memoirs of an Invisible Man	San Francisco
narrative location	The New Adventures of Heidi is a 1978 made for television musical using the Heidi character; updating the character to the present time and shifting the action for Switzerland to New York City.	The New Adventures of Heidi	New York City
narrative location	Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American dance film directed by John Badham and starring John Travolta as Tony Manero, a young man whose weekends are spent visiting a local Brooklyn discotheque;	Saturday Night Fever	Brooklyn
narrative location	There, they take part in a reenactment of the events of ``The Final Problem'' organised by The Sherlock Holmes Society of London.	The Final Problem	London
narrative location	Whispers Under Ground is the third novel in the Rivers of London series by English author Ben Aaronovitch, published 2012 by Gollancz.	Whispers Under Ground	London
original network	Lewis Black's Root of All Evil is an American television series that premiered on March 12, 2008, on Comedy Central and was hosted by comedian Lewis Black.	Lewis Black's Root of All Evil	Comedy Central
original network	Kavanagh QC is a British television series made by Central Television for ITV between 1995 and 2001.	Kavanagh QC	ITV
original network	Curb Your Enthusiasm is an American comedy television series produced and broadcast by HBO, which premiered on October 15, 2000.	Curb Your Enthusiasm	HBO
original network	Alma Gêmea (English: Soul Mate) is a Brazilian telenovela that produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 2005 and 2006.	Alma Gêmea	Rede Globo
original network	Brew Masters is a television series that was run weekly on Discovery Channel starting on Sunday, November 21, 2010.	Brew Masters	Discovery Channel
original network	The Thirteenth Year is a 1999 fantasy comedy-drama Disney Channel Original Movie.	The Thirteenth Year	Disney Channel
original network	Tidewater Tramp was a Canadian children's adventure television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1961.	Tidewater Tramp	CBC Television
original network	Shorr is an Indian television drama series that airs on Sahara One, based on the story of a mute (speech-impaired) girl named Kanku.	Shorr	Sahara One
original network	Sunrise Weather was an early morning weekend program that aired on The Weather Channel from September 2008 to November 2013.	Sunrise Weather	The Weather Channel
original network	Video on Trial is a Canadian comedy television program that airs on Canadian television network MuchMusic.	Video on Trial	MuchMusic
original network	Design on a Dime is a decorating television series on HGTV.	Design on a Dime	HGTV
original network	``The Sound of Jazz'' is a 1957 edition of the CBS television series Seven Lively Arts, and was one of the first major programs featuring jazz to air on American network television.	The Sound of Jazz	CBS
original network	Web Junk 20 is an American television program in which VH1 and iFilm collaborate to highlight the twenty funniest and most interesting clips collected from the Internet that week.	Web Junk 20	VH1
original network	The Red Buttons Show premiered on the CBS television network in 1952, and ran for two years on that network, then moved to NBC for the final 1954-55 season.	The Red Buttons Show	CBS
original network	16 and Pregnant is an American reality television series that debuted June 11, 2009, on MTV.	16 and Pregnant	MTV
original network	Caught on Camera with Nick Cannon is an American documentary reality television show on NBC.	Caught on Camera with Nick Cannon	NBC
original network	Yancy Derringer is an American Western series that ran on CBS from 1958 to 1959, with Jock Mahoney (1919--1989) in the title role.	Yancy Derringer	CBS
original network	Mobil 1 The Grid is a motorsport magazine show, which airs on Channel 4 in the UK on Saturday mornings (the first six episodes were shown on Friday nights) and is repeated during the following week on Motors TV.	Mobil 1 The Grid	Channel 4
original network	Joey Faye's Frolics is an American comedy/variety show that aired on CBS Wednesday night from 9:30 to 10:00 pm Eastern time for two weeks from April 5, 1950 to April 12, 1950.	Joey Faye's Frolics	CBS
original network	The Organist Entertains is a long-running music programme broadcast on BBC Radio 2 presented by Nigel Ogden.	The Organist Entertains	BBC Radio 2
original network	Secret Fortune is a BBC National Lottery game show that was broadcast on BBC One from 12 February 2011 to 29 December 2012.	Secret Fortune	BBC One
original network	Kiki's American Adventure is an adult reality series which aired on Playboy TV in 2010.	Kiki's American Adventure	Playboy TV
original network	The Channel Four Daily (or Channel 4 Daily) was a breakfast television news magazine which was produced by Independent Television News, in collaboration with other independent production companies for Channel 4.	The Channel Four Daily	Channel 4
original network	The Proud Family is an American animated television sitcom that ran on the Disney Channel, from September 21, 2001 to August 19, 2005.	The Proud Family	Disney Channel
original network	Crime Syndicated was an American anthology series that aired on CBS from September 18, 1951 to June 23, 1953.	Crime Syndicated	CBS
original network	The George Burns Show is a short-lived comedy television program that aired on NBC for one season (1958--59), and was essentially a continuation of The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show.	The George Burns Show	NBC
original network	Our Fellow Americans is a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	Our Fellow Americans	CBC Television
original network	Świat według Kiepskich (The World According to the Kiepskis, ``kiepski'' being a term roughly translating to the English term poor or crappy) is a popular Polish television sitcom, produced by Polsat since 1999.	Świat według Kiepskich	Polsat
original network	Space Academy is a live-action sci-fi children's television program produced by Filmation that originally aired Saturday mornings on the CBS television network, from September 10, 1977, to December 17, 1977.	Space Academy	CBS
original network	A Man Called Sloane is an American secret agent adventure television series that aired on NBC during the 1979-1980 television season.	A Man Called Sloane	NBC
original network	Little Muppet Monsters is a Saturday morning television series featuring the Muppets that aired three episodes on CBS in 1985.	Little Muppet Monsters	CBS
original network	We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties (also known as WETD) is a show that was produced and broadcast by MuchMusic.	We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties	MuchMusic
original network	The Weight of the Nation is a four-part documentary series produced by American cable television network HBO.	The Weight of the Nation	HBO
original network	CW Now is a news program/news magazine series which premiered on The CW on September 23, 2007.	CW Now	The CW
original network	Meet the Ukippers is a British documentary that first aired on BBC Two on 22 February 2015.	Meet the Ukippers	BBC Two
original network	Freshly Squeezed was a British breakfast television programme broadcast every weekday morning on Channel 4 from August 2006 to December 2012.	Freshly Squeezed	Channel 4
original network	Scarborough Country was an opinion/analysis show broadcast on MSNBC Monday - Thursday at 9 P.M. ET. It was hosted by former congressman Joe Scarborough.	Scarborough Country	MSNBC
original network	Call for Help, also known as CFH, is a computer-themed television program that first aired exclusively on TechTV (formerly ZDTV), a cable and satellite television network focused on technology, and then aired on G4techTV Canada and the HOW TO Channel in Australia.	Call for Help	TechTV
original network	The Jim Gaffigan Show is an American sitcom series on the TV Land network, written and executive produced by comedian Jim Gaffigan and his wife Jeannie Gaffigan.	The Jim Gaffigan Show	TV Land
original network	Howards' Way is a television drama series produced by BBC Birmingham and transmitted on BBC One between 1 September 1985 and 25 November 1990.	Howards' Way	BBC One
original network	Program Playhouse was an anthology television series aired on the DuMont Television Network on Wednesdays from June 22 to September 14, 1949.	Program Playhouse	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Hot Rod Dogs and Cool Car Cats was a cartoon series which aired between 1995 and 1996 on ITV kids strand CITV, and was recently shown on Scottish children's programme wknd@stv.	The Hot Rod Dogs and Cool Car Cats	ITV
original network	Dark Oracle is a Canadian-produced TV series that premiered in 2004 on the popular Canadian channel YTV.	Dark Oracle	YTV
original network	Afternoon Film Festival was a series of British theatrical feature-films aired by the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television network from January 1956 to the summer of 1957 each weekday from 3:00 to 5:00 pm (EST).	Afternoon Film Festival	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Caterina e le sue figlie (Caterina and her daughters) (known internationally as My Daughters) is an Italian television series that aired from December 4, 2005 to March 3, 2010 on Canale 5.	Caterina e le sue figlie	Canale 5
original network	The Biskitts is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions from 1983 to 1984 and aired on CBS.	The Biskitts	CBS
original network	Cara o cruz, is an American telenovela created and produced by Telemundo and Argos Comunicación in 2001.	Cara o cruz	Telemundo
original network	As Brasileiras (The Brazilian Women) is a Brazilian television series co-produced by Rede Globo and Lereby Productions.	As Brasileiras	Rede Globo
original network	Roque Santeiro is a Brazilian primetime telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.	Roque Santeiro	Rede Globo
original network	Silver Spoons is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 25, 1982 to May 11, 1986 and in first-run syndication from September 15, 1986 to March 4, 1987.	Silver Spoons	NBC
original network	Święta wojna (eng. Holy War) is a popular Polish comedy series broadcast on TVP2 from January 23, 2000 to May 9, 2009.	Święta wojna	TVP2
original network	Saan Darating Ang Umaga? or Morning Awaits (International title) is a Philippine suspense drama series aired on GMA Network.	Saan Darating Ang Umaga?	GMA Network
original network	Motor City Motors is a garage based competition reality television show on the Discovery Channel hosted by the Detroit Brothers.	Motor City Motors	Discovery Channel
original network	Game Show in My Head is an American television game show airing on CBS produced by Ashton Kutcher and hosted by Joe Rogan.	Game Show in My Head	CBS
original network	Illinois Instant Riches (later known as Illinois' Luckiest) is a lottery game show airing in the state of Illinois, as well as nationally on Chicago-based Superstation WGN-TV.	Illinois Instant Riches	WGN-TV
original network	Gadget Man (previously Stephen Fry: Gadget Man) is a British television series, which began airing on 19 November 2012 on Channel 4 and is presented by Richard Ayoade, who took over from the previous host, Stephen Fry, from the second series.	Gadget Man	Channel 4
original network	The Music Show was an early American television program which was broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	The Music Show	DuMont Television Network
original network	Tarrant Lets the Kids Loose is a television programme shown in 2009 on the UKTV channel Watch.	Tarrant Lets the Kids Loose	Watch
original network	Unwrapped, also known as Unwrapped with Marc Summers is an American television program on Food Network that reveals the origins of sponsored foods.	Unwrapped	Food Network
original network	Ready Steady Cook was a BBC daytime TV cooking programme; it debuted on 24 October 1994 and the last edition was broadcast on 2 February 2010.	Ready Steady Cook	BBC
original network	Amiche mie (English: My Friends) is a 2008 Italian television series, originally broadcast on Canale 5.	Amiche mie	Canale 5
original network	The Polly Bergen Show was a half-hour 18-episode comedy/variety show, starring then 27-year-old Polly Bergen, which aired on NBC in the 1957--1958 television season.	The Polly Bergen Show	NBC
parent taxon	Zonosemata is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae, comprising six species from North America and one from South America.	Zonosemata	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Typhonodorum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae.	Typhonodorum	Araceae
parent taxon	The Cape zoanthid, Isozoanthus capensis, is a species of zoanthid in the family Parazoanthidae.	Cape zoanthid	Isozoanthus
parent taxon	Darwinellidae is a family of sponges of the order Dendroceratida.	Darwinellidae	Dendroceratida
parent taxon	The Tasmanian devil (Sarcophilus harrisii) is a carnivorous marsupial of the family Dasyuridae, now found in the wild only on the Australian island state of Tasmania.	Tasmanian devil	Sarcophilus
parent taxon	Allagelena is a genus of araneomorph spiders, in the family Agelenidae.	Allagelena	Agelenidae
parent taxon	The Oriental beetle (Anomala orientalis, not to be confused with the Japanese beetle) is a beetle about 0.7 - 1.1 cm (0.3 - 0.4 inches) long, with mottled, metallic brown- and black-colored elytra and a similarly-colored thorax and head during the adult stage.	Oriental beetle	Anomala
parent taxon	Clonopsis is a stick insect genus in the family Bacillidae.	Clonopsis	Bacillidae
parent taxon	The Klaas's cuckoo (Chrysococcyx klaas) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Klaas's cuckoo	Chrysococcyx
parent taxon	Lear's macaw (Anodorhynchus leari), also known as the indigo macaw, is a large all-blue Brazilian parrot, a member of a large group of neotropical parrots known as macaws.	Lear's macaw	Anodorhynchus
parent taxon	The Pugnose shiner (Notropis anogenus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Pugnose shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Kronokotherium is an extinct herbivorous marine mammal of the genus Desmostylia of the family Desmostylidae.	Kronokotherium	Desmostylidae
parent taxon	The Namaquab barb (Barbus hospes) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Namaquab barb	Barbus
parent taxon	The Waccamaw killifish (Fundulus waccamensis) is a species of fish in the Fundulidae family.	Waccamaw killifish	Fundulus
parent taxon	The Calamoideae are a subfamily of the family Arecaceae containing 21 genera and about 620 species which are distributed worldwide.	Calamoideae	Arecaceae
parent taxon	The Sevan trout (Salmo ischchan) is an endemic fish species of Lake Sevan in Armenia, known as ishkhan (իշխան, pronounced (iʃˈχɑn)) in Armenian.	Sevan trout	Salmo
parent taxon	The Dalmatian wall lizard (Podarcis melisellensis) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Dalmatian wall lizard	Podarcis
parent taxon	Maurica is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from North-Western Africa.	Maurica	Arctiidae
parent taxon	The Murrayonida are an order of sea sponges in the sublass Calcinea.	Murrayonida	Calcinea
parent taxon	Milyeringa is a genus of blind cave-fish in the family Eleotridae from the Cape Range and Barrow Island, northwestern Australia.	Milyeringa	Eleotridae
parent taxon	Vasates is a genus of mites in the family Eriophyidae, which cause galls on the leaves of trees, including the following species:	Vasates	Eriophyidae
parent taxon	The Heermann's gull (Larus heermanni) is a gull resident in the United States, Mexico and extreme southwestern British Columbia, nearly all nesting on Isla Rasa in the Gulf of California.	Heermann's gull	Larus
parent taxon	Heteranthera is a genus of aquatic plants in the water hyacinth family, Pontederiaceae, known generally as mud plantains.	Heteranthera	Pontederiaceae
parent taxon	The African piculet (Sasia africana), sometimes placed in the monotypic genus Verreauxia, is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	African piculet	Sasia
parent taxon	Pomatoschistus norvegicus, the Norway goby, is a species of goby native to the eastern Atlantic from Lofoten to the western English Channel and has also been recorded from the Mediterranean Sea.	Norway goby	Pomatoschistus
parent taxon	Water treaders, the superfamily Mesovelioidea, are insects in the order Hemiptera, the true bugs.	Water treader	Mesovelioidea
parent taxon	The Yunnan red-backed vole (Eothenomys miletus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Yunnan red-backed vole	Eothenomys
parent taxon	Andinotrechus naranjoi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Andinotrechus.	Andinotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Schwartz's catfish (Corydoras schwartzi) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family.	Schwartz's catfish	Corydoras
parent taxon	Orthophytum (Greek ``ortho'' = straight and ``phytum'' = plant) is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.	Orthophytum	Bromelioideae
parent taxon	The African goshawk (Accipiter tachiro) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.	African goshawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Betula minor, the dwarf white birch, is a species of birch which can be found in Eastern Canada and in such US states as Maine, New Hampshire, and New York.	Betula minor	birch
parent taxon	Trombicula is a genus of harvest mites (also known as red bugs, scrub-itch mites, berry bugs, or in their larval stage, as chiggers or chigoe) in the Trombiculidae family.	Trombicula	Trombiculidae
parent taxon	The Low's squirrel (Sundasciurus lowii) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Low's squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	The Socotra cormorant (Phalacrocorax nigrogularis) is a threatened species of cormorant that is endemic to the Persian Gulf and the south-east coast of the Arabian Peninsula.	Socotra cormorant	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	Tritoniopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1926.	Tritoniopsis	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Tulbaghieae is a tribe of plants belonging to the subfamily Allioideae of the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae).	Tulbaghieae	Allioideae
parent taxon	Malabica tatai is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Malabica.	Malabica	Monotomidae
parent taxon	Wilson's indigobird or pale-winged indigobird (Vidua wilsoni) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.	Wilson's indigobird	Vidua
parent taxon	Oligosoma belongs to the Eugongylus group of genera in the subfamily Lygosominae; the genus Bassiana appears to be fairly closely related.	Oligosoma	Lygosominae
parent taxon	Lily of the valley, sometimes written lily-of-the-valley, scientific name Convallaria majalis /ˌkɒnvəˈlɛəriə məˈdʒeɪlᵻs/, is a sweetly scented, highly poisonous woodland flowering plant that is native throughout the cool temperate Northern Hemisphere in Asia, and Europe.	Lily of the valley	Convallaria
parent taxon	Paphies is a genus of large, edible, saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mesodesmatidae.	Paphies	Mesodesmatidae
parent taxon	Lemaireia is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family, commonly known as Moon moths.	Lemaireia	Saturniidae
parent taxon	Winifred's warbler (Scepomycter winifredae), also known as Mrs. Moreau's warbler, is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Winifred's warbler	Scepomycter
parent taxon	The Iranian rock gecko (Pristurus rupestris) (also rock semaphore gecko, Blanford's semaphore gecko, dwarf rock gecko, and Persia rock gecko) is a species of gecko in genus Pristurus which occurs in Arabia, Iran, Pakistan, Somalia, and Eritrea.	Iranian rock gecko	Pristurus
parent taxon	Chorizema is a genus of the legume family Fabaceae.	Chorizema	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The European conger (Conger conger) is a species of conger of the family Congridae.	European conger	Conger
parent taxon	Curcuma is a genus of about 100 accepted species in the family Zingiberaceae that contains such species as turmeric and Siam Tulip.	Curcuma	Zingiberaceae
parent taxon	Uropetala is a small genus of very large dragonflies in the family Petaluridae.	Uropetala	Petaluridae
parent taxon	Cryptomma multistriatum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cryptomma.	Cryptomma	Carabidae
parent taxon	Gillaroo (Salmo stomachicus; historically included in Salmo trutta) is a variety of trout which eats primarily snails and is only proven to inhabit Lough Melvin in Ireland.	Gillaroo	Salmo
parent taxon	The Congo moor chat or Congo moor-chat (Myrmecocichla tholloni) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Congo moor chat	Myrmecocichla
parent taxon	Dissostichus mawsoni, the Antarctic toothfish, is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean.	Antarctic toothfish	Dissostichus
parent taxon	The Araucanian herring, Clupea bentincki, is a fish species in the Clupea genus of the Clupeidae family.	Araucanian herring	Clupea
parent taxon	Prionomyrmecini is an ant tribe belonging to the subfamily Myrmeciinae established by William Morton Wheeler in 1915.	Prionomyrmecini	Myrmeciinae
parent taxon	Hygrophorus is a genus of agarics (gilled mushrooms) in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Hygrophorus	Hygrophoraceae
parent taxon	The Satéré marmoset (Mico saterei) is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil.	Satéré marmoset	Mico
parent taxon	While other members of the genus Seadornavirus have been linked to viral encephalitis, Kadipiro virus is not currently known to cause disease in humans.	Kadipiro virus	Seadornavirus
parent taxon	Toxotrypana is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae!	Toxotrypana	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Chiropterotriton, also known as splayfoot salamanders or flat-footed salamanders, is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae.	Chiropterotriton	Plethodontidae
parent taxon	The Indonesian big-eyed tree frog, Nyctimystes fluviatilis, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.	Indonesian big-eyed tree frog	Nyctimystes
parent taxon	The Audubon's shearwater (Puffinus lherminieri) is a common tropical seabird in the petrel family.	Audubon's shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	The Connecticut warbler (Oporornis agilis) is a small songbird of the New World warbler family.	Connecticut warbler	Oporornis
parent taxon	Arthraxon is a genus of Asian, African and Australian plants in the grass family, Poaceae, containing the following species:	Arthraxon	Poaceae
parent taxon	Smith's fruit bat (Lissonycteris smithi) is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.	Smith's fruit bat	Lissonycteris
parent taxon	Kato's salamander, Hynobius katoi, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.	Kato's salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Allen's river garfish (Zenarchopterus alleni) is a species of viviparous halfbeak endemic to West Papua in Indonesia.	Allen's river garfish	Zenarchopterus
parent taxon	Protochelydra zangerli is an extinct species of chelydid in the extinct genus Protochelydra of Chelydridae.	Protochelydra	Chelydridae
parent taxon	Erigoninae are the largest subfamily of sheet weavers (Linyphiidae), which is itself the second largest spider family.	Erigoninae	Linyphiidae
parent taxon	The Antillian snake eel (Ophichthus spinicauda, also known commonly as the Spinefin snake eel or the Banded snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Antillian snake eel	Ophichthus
parent taxon	The Oaxacan yellow tree frog, Megastomatohyla pellita, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Oaxacan yellow tree frog	Megastomatohyla
parent taxon	The Indian grassbird (Graminicola bengalensis) is a species in a genus in the Pellorneidae family.	Indian grassbird	Graminicola
parent taxon	Ponerini is a tribe of Ponerinae ants with 46 genera and 6 extinct genera.	Ponerini	Ponerinae
parent taxon	Vesselowskya is a genus of 2 species of shrub to small tree in the family Cunoniaceae endemic to New South Wales, Australia.	Vesselowskya	Cunoniaceae
parent taxon	Torneutes pallidipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Torneutes.	Torneutes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Tryonia alamosae, common name the Alamosa springsnail, is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Alamosa springsnail	Tryonia
parent taxon	Variichthys is a genus of freshwater fishes in the Terapontidae family from New Guinea.	Variichthys	Terapontidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian merganser (Mergus octosetaceus) is a duck in the typical merganser genus.	Brazilian merganser	Mergus
parent taxon	Propimelodus is a genus of South American catfish of the family Pimelodidae.	Propimelodus	Pimelodidae
parent taxon	Callilepis is easily distinguished from other Gnaphosidae by the single translucent lamina on the cheliceral retromargin, the short, angular endites and the flattened, transverse posterior median eyes.	Callilepis	Gnaphosidae
parent taxon	Under the Dahlgren system, Dioscoreales was placed in the superorder Lilianae in subclass Liliidae (monocotyledons) of class Magnoliopsida (angiosperms) and comprised the eight families Dioscoreaceae, Petermanniaceae, Ripogonaceae, Smilacaceae, Stemonaceae, Taccaceae, Trichopodaceae and Trilliaceae.	Dioscoreales	Lilianae
parent taxon	Yapyguara fusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Yapyguara.	Yapyguara	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Andean teal (Anas andium) is a South American species of duck.	Andean teal	Anas
parent taxon	The Marquesan ground dove (Gallicolumba rubescens) is a bird species in the family Columbidae.	Marquesan ground dove	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	The Roach's mouse-tailed dormouse or ground dormouse, also known simply as the mouse-tailed dormouse, (Myomimus roachi) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.	Roach's mouse-tailed dormouse	Myomimus
parent taxon	Atlantic stargazer (Uranoscopus scaber) is a marine, subtropical fish of family Uranoscopidae.	Atlantic stargazer	Uranoscopus
parent taxon	The Cuban gar (Atractosteus tristoechus) is a fish in the Lepisosteidae family.	Cuban gar	Atractosteus
parent taxon	Previously, the Linnaean taxonomy used in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Ponder & Lindberg (1997) ranked like this: subclass Orthogastropoda, superorder Caenogastropoda, order Sorbeoconcha, suborder Hypsogastropoda, infraorder Littorinimorpha.	Littorinimorpha	Hypsogastropoda
parent taxon	Triopha is a genus of colorful sea slugs, nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Polyceridae.	Triopha	Polyceridae
parent taxon	Fernandina's flicker (Colaptes fernandinae) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family.	Fernandina's flicker	Colaptes
parent taxon	Oligochlora is an extinct genus of sweat bee in the Halictidae subfamily Halictinae.	Oligochlora	Halictinae
parent taxon	Chrysoritis, commonly called Opals or Coppers, is a genus of butterflies in the Lycaenidae family found mainly in southern Africa and particularly South Africa.	Chrysoritis	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Anatropites is a genus in the ceratitid family Tropitidae with spines instead of nodes on the umbilical shoulder, at least in early whorls.	Anatropites	Tropitidae
parent taxon	The Choco toucan (Ramphastos brevis) is a large, mainly black bird found in humid lowland and foothill forests on the Pacific slope of Colombia and Ecuador.	Choco toucan	Ramphastos
parent taxon	Acanthopidae is a family of mantises consisting of 13 genera in the order Mantodea.	Acanthopidae	Mantodea
parent taxon	Hastingsia is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae, known generally as rushlilies.	Hastingsia	Agavoideae
parent taxon	The Trappeaceae are a family of truffle-like fungi in the order Hysterangiales.	Trappeaceae	Hysterangiales
parent taxon	Common seadragon or weedy seadragon (Phyllopteryx taeniolatus) is a marine fish related to the seahorse.	Common seadragon	Phyllopteryx
parent taxon	The Middle American burrowing snake (Adelphicos quadrivirgatus) is a species of dipsadine colubrid snake, endemic to Mexico and Central America.	Middle American burrowing snake	Adelphicos
parent taxon	The Cuban trogon or tocororo (Priotelus temnurus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Cuban trogon	Priotelus
parent taxon	Calyptrosciadium polycladum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, the only member of the genus Calyptrosciadium.	Calyptrosciadium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Balkan mole (Talpa stankovici) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Balkan mole	Talpa
parent taxon	Panjange is a genus of leaf-dwelling spiders in the family Pholcidae, widely distributed in the islands of Southeast Asia from Borneo and the Philippines to northern Australia.	Panjange	Pholcidae
parent taxon	As Baptornis was quite peculiar among the Hesperornithes, the family Baptornithidae has been established for it.	Baptornis	Baptornithidae
parent taxon	Ptilagrostis is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae.	Ptilagrostis	Poaceae
parent taxon	The Asian narrow-headed softshell turtle (Chitra chitra) is a large species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.	Asian narrow-headed softshell turtle	Chitra
parent taxon	Pyrrhocoris is a genus of true bugs in the family Pyrrhocoridae, the cotton stainers.	Pyrrhocoris	Pyrrhocoridae
parent taxon	Banchinae are a subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae with about 1,500 species; the genera Glypta and Lissonota are very large.	Banchinae	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	Auriculella is a genus of air-breathing tropical land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Auriculella	Achatinellidae
parent taxon	The Bloody Bay poison frog (Mannophryne olmonae) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Bloody Bay poison frog	Mannophryne
parent taxon	Actenonyx bembidioides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Actenonyx.	Actenonyx	Carabidae
parent taxon	Nakhoda is a genus of mites in the family Laelapidae.	Nakhoda	Laelapidae
parent taxon	Dactylobatus is a small genus of skate in the family Rajidae.	Dactylobatus	Rajidae
parent taxon	The Cape long-billed lark (Certhilauda curvirostris), also known as the Cape lark is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Cape long-billed lark	Certhilauda
parent taxon	Junnanotrechus microps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Junnanotrechus.	Junnanotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Japanese skylark (Alauda japonica or Alauda arvensis japonica) is usually considered a subspecies of Eurasian skylark.	Japanese skylark	Alauda
parent taxon	Sand bubbler crabs (or sand-bubblers) are crabs of the genera Scopimera and Dotilla in the family Dotillidae.	Sand bubbler crab	Dotillidae
parent taxon	Neofelis diardi diardi (Wilting et al., 2007) is a subspecies of the Sunda clouded leopard (Neofelis diardi) native to the Batu and Sumatran islands of Indonesia.	Neofelis diardi diardi	Sunda clouded leopard
parent taxon	Weale's running frog, Weale's frog, or rattling frog (Semnodactylus wealii) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Weale's running frog	Semnodactylus
parent taxon	Hysteropterum is a genus of 'planthoppers' described by Amyot & Serville in 1843, belonging to the family Issidae, subfamily Issinae.	Hysteropterum	Issidae
parent taxon	Sarcandra is a genus of the family Chloranthaceae, containing a single accepted species, and two proposed species.	Sarcandra	Chloranthaceae
parent taxon	Ceramaster is a genus of cushion stars in the family Goniasteridae.	Ceramaster	Goniasteridae
parent taxon	The Cape Melville shade skink, Saproscincus saltus, is a species of lizard from the Cape York Peninsula of Queensland, Australia, described in 2013.	Cape Melville shade skink	Saproscincus
parent taxon	The Kikambala nothobranch (Nothobranchius interruptus) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family.	Kikambala nothobranch	Nothobranchius
parent taxon	The Ascension frigatebird (Fregata aquila) is a seabird of the frigatebird family Fregatidae which breeds on the tiny Boatswain Bird Island just off Ascension Island in the tropical Atlantic Ocean.	Ascension frigatebird	Fregata
parent taxon	The Brown River tree frog (Litoria vocivincens) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Brown River tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Metahehoa granulata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Metahehoa	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Megabalanus is a genus of barnacles in the family Balanidae.	Megabalanus	Balanidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan stonechat or Madagascar stonechat (Saxicola sibilla) is a species of stonechat, endemic to Madagascar.	Madagascan stonechat	Saxicola
parent taxon	Archiacanthocephala is a class within the phylum of Acanthocephala.	Archiacanthocephala	Acanthocephala
parent taxon	Alchemilla is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Rosaceae, with the common name ``lady's mantle'' applied generically as well as specifically to Alchemilla mollis.	Alchemilla	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Tetraphysa is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1906.	Tetraphysa	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	The Amazon climbing salamander or Amazon mushroomtongue salamander (Bolitoglossa palmata) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Amazon climbing salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Brongersma's toad or crapaud de Brongersma (Bufo brongersmai) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Brongersma's toad	Bufo
parent taxon	Stempfferia marginata, the Scalloped Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Stempfferia marginata	Epitola
parent taxon	The Peruvian anchoveta (Engraulis ringens) is a species of fish of the anchovy family, Engraulidae.	Peruvian anchoveta	Engraulis
parent taxon	Crateva is a genus of flowering plants in the caper family, Capparaceae.	Crateva	Capparaceae
parent taxon	The Anderson's shrew mole (Uropsilus andersoni) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Anderson's shrew mole	Uropsilus
parent taxon	The Lampyrinae are a large subfamily of fireflies (Lampyridae).	Lampyrinae	Lampyridae
parent taxon	Fowlerina, one kind of ``sea angel'', is a genus of small sea slugs, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Clionidae.	Fowlerina	Clionidae
parent taxon	Pseudopolycesta tigrina is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudopolycesta.	Pseudopolycesta	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Rio Luisito tree frog, Hyloscirtus piceigularis, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia.	Rio Luisito tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Ghatixalus is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae, subfamily Rhacophorinae.	Ghatixalus	Rhacophorinae
parent taxon	Eupodium is a genus of ferns in the family Marattiaceae native to the Neotropics.	Eupodium	Marattiaceae
parent taxon	Prototocyon was named by Pohle (1928) and was assigned to Canidae by Carroll (1988).	Prototocyon	Canidae
parent taxon	Aletia is a genus of Owlet moths of the Noctuidae family.	Aletia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Andean squirrel (Sciurus pucheranii) is a tree squirrel endemic to Colombia where it inhabits montane rain forest and cloud forests of the Cordillera Occidental and Cordillera Central ranges of the Colombian Andes, at elevations between 2,000 and 3,300 metres (6,600 and 10,800 ft).	Andean squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	The Argentine bolo mouse (Necromys benefactus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Argentine bolo mouse	Necromys
parent taxon	The Tasman starling (Aplonis fusca) was described in 1836 by John Gould as a species which occurred on both Norfolk Island and Lord Howe Island.	Tasman starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	The taxonomy is complex.The ``Cerylonid Series'' is a cluster of highly derived Cucujoidea families comprising Alexiidae, Bothrideridae, Cerylonidae, Coccinellidae, Corylophidae, Discolomatidae, Endomychidae, and Latridiidae.	Cerylonidae	Cucujoidea
parent taxon	Zonites is a genus of mostly small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae.	Zonites	Zonitidae
parent taxon	Endive (/ˈɛndaɪv/ or /ˈɑːndiv/; Cichorium endivia) is a leaf vegetable belonging to the genus Cichorium, which includes several similar bitter leafed vegetables.	Endive	Cichorium
parent taxon	Lepipolys was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis.	Lepipolys	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Wound tumor virus is an invertebrate and plant virus found in the United States of America belonging to the genus Phytoreovirus and the family Reoviridae.	Wound tumor virus	Phytoreovirus
parent taxon	The Ancash tapaculo (Scytalopus affinis) is a species of bird in the Rhinocryptidae family.	Ancash tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	Colpodichius platyderoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Colpodichius.	Colpodichius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Based on genetic and morphological analysis, the Cupressus genus is found in the Cupressoideae subfamily.	Cupressus	Cupressoideae
parent taxon	Neuquenraptor was assigned by Novas and Pol to the Dromaeosauridae in a polytomy with several dromaeosaurid taxa.	Neuquenraptor	Dromaeosauridae
parent taxon	Frances's sparrowhawk (Accipiter francesiae) is a small hawk.	Frances's sparrowhawk	Accipiter
parent taxon	Leucopternis is a Neotropical genus of birds of prey in the Accipitridae family.	Leucopternis	Accipitridae
parent taxon	Buffon's river garfish (Zenarchopterus buffonis) is a species of fish in the Hemiramphidae family.	Buffon's river garfish	Zenarchopterus
parent taxon	Agoristenidaeare a neotropical harvestman family of the Suborder Laniatores, in the superfamily Gonyleptoidea.	Agoristenidae	Gonyleptoidea
parent taxon	The Sonoyta pupfish or Quitobaquito pupfish (Cyprinodon eremus) is one of the most distinct species in its genus.	Sonoyta pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Persoonia is a genus of 98 species of shrubs and small trees in the tribe Persoonioideae in the large and diverse plant family Proteaceae.	Persoonia	Proteaceae
parent taxon	The Nordmann's greenshank or spotted greenshank (Tringa guttifer) is a wader in the large family Scolopacidae, the typical waders.	Nordmann's greenshank	Tringa
parent taxon	Paraoncidium is a genus of air-breathing sea slugs, a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Onchidiidae.	Paraoncidium	Onchidiidae
parent taxon	Savigny's agama (Trapelus savignii ) is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family.	Savigny's agama	Trapelus
parent taxon	Tolypeutinae is a subfamily of armadillo in the family Dasypodidae.	Tolypeutinae	armadillo
parent taxon	The Rossel Island melomys (Melomys arcium) is a species of rodent from the family Muridae.	Rossel Island melomys	Melomys
parent taxon	(2005, 671-672; Fig. 2) assigned Brachytrachelopan to the Dicraeosauridae, proposing that, within this clade, it should be considered to have a sister group relationship to the Late Jurassic African taxon Dicraeosaurus, instead of to Amargasaurus from the Lower Cretaceous of South America.	Brachytrachelopan	Dicraeosauridae
parent taxon	Tripodichthys is a genus in the tripod fish family (Triacanthidae) native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Tripodichthys	Triacanthidae
parent taxon	Schumacheria is a small genus of plants in family Dilleniaceae.	Schumacheria	Dilleniaceae
parent taxon	Myoga, myoga ginger or Japanese ginger (myōga (茗荷)) is the species Zingiber mioga in the Zingiberaceae family.	Myoga	Zingiber
parent taxon	Lechea (pinweed) is a genus in the Cistaceae family.	Lechea	Cistaceae
parent taxon	Scaphosepalum (from Greek ``boatlike sepals'') is a genus of plants belonging to the family Orchidaceae.	Scaphosepalum	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Anelytropsis papillosus is a species of legless lizard in the family Dibamidae, and the only species in the genus Anelytropsis.	Anelytropsis	Dibamidae
parent taxon	Sphenarium is a grasshoppers genus in the family Pyrgomorphidae indigenous to Mexico.	Sphenarium	Pyrgomorphidae
parent taxon	The Chilean myotis (Myotis chiloensis) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Chilean myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	Electrapate martynovi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Schizopodidae, the only species in the genus Electrapate.	Electrapate	Schizopodidae
parent taxon	Umbopilio paradoxus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Umbopilio	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Macrocypraea is a genus of large sea snails, cowries, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Macrocypraea	Cypraeidae
parent taxon	Lactifluus hygrophoroides (formerly Lactarius hygrophoroides) is a member of the milk-cap genus Lactifluus in the order Russulales.	Lactifluus hygrophoroides	Lactarius
parent taxon	The Harpactorinae are a large subfamily of the Reduviidae (assassin bugs).	Harpactorinae	Reduviidae
parent taxon	Ovulidae, common names the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries, is a family of small to large predatory or parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Cypraeoidea, the cowries and the cowry allies.	Ovulidae	Cypraeoidea
parent taxon	Alzoniella is a genus of minute freshwater spring snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Alzoniella	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Morelet's crocodile (Crocodylus moreletii), also known as the Mexican crocodile, is a modest sized crocodilian found only in fresh waters of the Atlantic regions of Mexico, Belize and Guatemala.	Morelet's crocodile	Crocodylus
parent taxon	Champion's leaf-tailed gecko, Phyllurus championae, is a gecko first found in the Cameron Creek/Black Mountain area near Koumala, Queensland, Australia.	Champion's leaf-tailed gecko	Phyllurus
parent taxon	Dimorphoceratidae is one of two families included in the Dimorphocerataceae, a superfamily of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the Goniatitida that lived during the Late Paleozoic.	Dimorphoceratidae	Dimorphocerataceae
parent taxon	Tapoides is a monotypic plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Tapoides	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Mongolian hamster (Allocricetulus curtatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Mongolian hamster	Allocricetulus
parent taxon	Syconycteris is a genus of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Syconycteris	Pteropodidae
parent taxon	The Goan day gecko, Cnemaspis goaensis, is a species of gecko found in Goa, India.	Goan day gecko	Cnemaspis
parent taxon	Felis margarita meinertzhageni was proposed as a subspecies of the sand cat by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1938.	Felis margarita meinertzhageni	sand cat
parent taxon	Recently Hebe stricta has been reclassified and the botanical name has changed to Veronica stricta.	Hebe stricta	Veronica
parent taxon	Dicranoderes annulatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Dicranoderes.	Dicranoderes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Kyptoceratini is an extinct tribe of the subfamily Synthetoceratinae, deer-like mammals within the family Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla, endemic to North America during the Miocene through Pliocene, living 23.03--3.6 Ma, existing for approximately 19.43 million years.	Kyptoceratini	Synthetoceratinae
parent taxon	Codazziceras is an early Upper Cretaceous ammonite from the upper Cretaceous of Columbia (S.A), distinguished from Lyelliceras (Lyelliceratidae) from which it is based and added to the Euomphaloceratinae (Acanthoceratidae).	Codazziceras	Euomphaloceratinae
parent taxon	Wolffsohn's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis wolffsohni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Wolffsohn's leaf-eared mouse	Phyllotis
parent taxon	The African chameleon or Sahel chameleon (Chamaeleo africanus) is a species of chameleon native to the Sahel and Nile Valley, although it has been introduced to Greece.	African chameleon	Chamaeleo
parent taxon	The Sri Lanka drongo (Dicrurus lophorinus) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.	Sri Lanka drongo	Dicrurus
parent taxon	The Trinidad dog-like bat (Peropteryx trinitatis) is a species of bat from the family Emballonuridae.	Trinidad dog-like bat	Peropteryx
parent taxon	Originally assigned by Huene to the Allosauridae, Indosaurus is today considered a member of the Abelisauridae.	Indosaurus	Abelisauridae
parent taxon	Llistrofus is an extinct genus of microsaur within the family Hapsidopareiontidae.	Llistrofus	Hapsidopareiontidae
parent taxon	Harriotta is a genus of cartilaginous fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family.	Harriotta	Rhinochimaeridae
parent taxon	Massonia is a genus of bulbous perennials in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae (also treated as the family Hyacinthaceae).	Massonia	Scilloideae
parent taxon	Zenobiella subrufescens is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.	Zenobiella subrufescens	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	Dendrocollybia is a fungal genus in the family Tricholomataceae of the order Agaricales.	Dendrocollybia	Tricholomataceae
parent taxon	Acromantinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae which contains one tribe, Acromantini, and 18 genera.	Acromantinae	Hymenopodidae
parent taxon	Phyllocaulis is a genus of land slugs, shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.	Phyllocaulis	Veronicellidae
parent taxon	The Macedonian crested newt (Triturus macedonicus) is a newt species of the crested newt species complex in genus Triturus, found in the Western Balkan peninsula (Bosnia-Hercegovina, Albania, Macedonia, north-western Greece and south-western Bulgaria).	Macedonian crested newt	Triturus
parent taxon	The Mauritius olive white-eye (Zosterops chloronothos often mistakenly spelled Zosterops chloronothus) is a very rare passerine from the family of white-eyes (Zosteropidae).	Mauritius olive white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Tylosema species are in the Leguminosae family, the third largest family of flowering plants (Doyle and Luckow, 2003), in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae, in the tribe Cercideae.	Tylosema	Cercideae
parent taxon	Laemodonta is a genus of small air-breathing, saltmarsh snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae.	Laemodonta	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Phyllodesmium is a genus of predatory sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Facelinidae.	Phyllodesmium	Facelinidae
parent taxon	The Abyssocottidae are a family of fishes in the superfamily Cottoidea, the sculpins.	Abyssocottidae	Cottoidea
parent taxon	Callophyllis is a red algae genus in the family Kallymeniaceae.	Callophyllis	Kallymeniaceae
parent taxon	The Schouteden's swift (Schoutedenapus schoutedeni) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Schouteden's swift	Schoutedenapus
parent taxon	Polygireulima is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the Eulimidae family.	Polygireulima	Eulimidae
parent taxon	The Angolan free-tailed bat (Mops condylurus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Angolan free-tailed bat	Mops
parent taxon	Mammomonogamus is a genus of parasitic nematode of the family Syngamidae that parasitises the respiratory tracts of cattle, sheep, goats, deer, cats, orangutans, and elephants.	Mammomonogamus	Syngamidae
parent taxon	The subfamily Phaoniinae is within the Diptera family Muscidae.	Phaoniinae	Muscidae
parent taxon	The Chapultepec splitfin (Girardinichthys viviparus), known locally as mexcalpique, is a species of fish in the Goodeidae family endemic to Mexico.	Chapultepec splitfin	Girardinichthys
parent taxon	Sowell's short-tailed bat (Carollia sowelli) is a common bat species in the family Phyllostomidae.	Sowell's short-tailed bat	Carollia
parent taxon	The Turner's eremomela (Eremomela turneri) is a species of bird formerly placed in the ``Old World warbler'' assemblage, but now placed in the family Cisticolidae.	Turner's eremomela	Eremomela
parent taxon	Blanford's toad (Amietophrynus blanfordii) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Blanford's toad	Amietophrynus
parent taxon	Aplousobranchia is an order of sea squirts in the class Ascidiacea.	Aplousobranchia	Ascidiacea
parent taxon	The Pacific bluefin tuna (Thunnus orientalis) is a predatory species of tuna found widely in the northern Pacific Ocean, but it is migratory and also recorded as a visitor to the south Pacific.	Pacific bluefin tuna	Thunnus
parent taxon	The Mauritius grey white-eye (Zosterops mauritianus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Mauritius grey white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Scrobicularia is a genus of bivalve mollusc belonging to the family Semelidae.	Scrobicularia	Semelidae
parent taxon	The Halfmoon triggerfish, Sufflamen chrysopterum, is a triggerfish of the tropical Indo-West Pacific area.	Halfmoon triggerfish	Sufflamen
parent taxon	Giesbertia rugosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Giesbertia.	Giesbertia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Horned gophers are extinct rodents from the genus Ceratogaulus, a member of the extinct fossorial rodent family Mylagaulidae.	Horned gopher	Mylagaulidae
parent taxon	The Arctic flounder (Liopsetta glacialis) is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Arctic flounder	Liopsetta
parent taxon	The Chatham pigeon, Chatham Island pigeon, or parea (from Moriori) (Hemiphaga chathamensis) is a bird endemic to the Chatham Islands in New Zealand.	Chatham pigeon	Hemiphaga
parent taxon	Tiger beetles were traditionally classified as the family Cicindelidae but most authorities now treat them as the subfamily Cicindelinae of the Carabidae (ground beetles).	Tiger beetle	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Borneo roundleaf bat (Hipposideros doriae) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Borneo roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Sisal (/ˈsaɪsəl/, Spanish: (siˈsal)), with the botanical name Agave sisalana, is a species of Agave native to southern Mexico but widely cultivated and naturalized in many other countries.	Sisal	Agave
parent taxon	Carnoidea are a superfamily of Acalyptratae flies.	Carnoidea	Acalyptratae
parent taxon	The Lake Rukwa minnow (Raiamas moorii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Lake Rukwa minnow	Raiamas
parent taxon	Glinus is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the family Molluginaceae.	Glinus	Molluginaceae
parent taxon	Brassolini is a tribe usually placed in the brush-footed butterfly subfamily Morphinae, which is often included in the Satyrinae as a tribe Morphini.	Brassolini	Satyrinae
parent taxon	Lunovula is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pediculariidae, one of the families of cowry allies.	Lunovula	Pediculariidae
parent taxon	Androstachys johnsonii, the Lebombo ironwood, is a tree species and the sole member of the genus Androstachys in the Picrodendraceae.	Androstachys	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Oechalius ohausi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oechalius.	Oechalius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Tucumán amazon (Amazona tucumana), also known as the alder amazon, is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.	Tucumán amazon	Amazona
parent taxon	European lyctus beetle (Lyctus linearis) is a species of beetle in the family Bostrichidae.	European lyctus beetle	Lyctus
parent taxon	The Pondoland cannibal snail, scientific name Natalina beyrichi, is a species of medium-sized predatory air-breathing land snail, a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Pondoland cannibal snail	Natalina
parent taxon	Synteratus ovalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Synteratus.	Synteratus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Mexican mouse opossum (Marmosa mexicana) is a species of Central American opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Mexican mouse opossum	Marmosa
parent taxon	The Cabanis's spinetail (Synallaxis cabanisi) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Cabanis's spinetail	Synallaxis
parent taxon	Lioberus is a genus of mussels in the family Mytilidae.	Lioberus	Mytilidae
parent taxon	Neocrossidius trivittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neocrossidius.	Neocrossidius	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The South Island giant moa (Dinornis robustus) is a member of the moa family.	South Island giant moa	Dinornis
parent taxon	The Daly Waters frog (Litoria maculosa formerly Cyclorana maculosa) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Daly Waters frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Dasiphora is a genus of three species of shrubs in the rose family Rosaceae, native to Asia, with one species D. fruticosa (Shrubby Cinquefoil), ranging across the entire cool temperate Northern Hemisphere.	Dasiphora	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Tang's snapper, Lipocheilus carnolabrum, is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Tang's snapper	Lipocheilus
parent taxon	Anamorphic Pezizomycotina Coniothecium amentacearum Corda (1837), (= Trimmatostroma salicis);	Coniothecium	Pezizomycotina
parent taxon	Hyperlioceras is an extinct genus of cephalopod included in the ammonitid family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic.	Hyperlioceras	Graphoceratidae
parent taxon	The El Dorado grass mouse or Utcubamba akodont (Akodon orophilus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	El Dorado grass mouse	Akodon
parent taxon	Coccophagus is a large genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae.	Coccophagus	Aphelinidae
parent taxon	The Cascades frog (Rana cascadae) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in the western United States and possibly Canada, mainly in the Cascade Range and Olympic Mountains.	Cascades frog	Rana
parent taxon	Megaceros is a genus of hornworts in the family Dendrocerotaceae.	Megaceros	Dendrocerotaceae
parent taxon	The Columbia spotted frog (Rana luteiventris) is a North American species of frog.	Columbia spotted frog	Rana
parent taxon	Apleurotropis is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae that is mostly found in Japan.	Apleurotropis	Eulophidae
parent taxon	The Crenarchaeota (Greek for ``spring old quality'') (also known as Crenarchaea or eocytes) are Archaea that have been classified as a phylum of the Archaea kingdom.	Crenarchaeota	Archaea
parent taxon	Apheloria is a genus of flat-backed millipedes in the family Xystodesmidae, occurring in the central and southeastern United States, and ranging as far north as southern Quebec, Canada.	Apheloria	Xystodesmidae
parent taxon	Sarcinodes is a oriental genus of moth in the Geometridae family.	Sarcinodes	Geometridae
parent taxon	The Amur ide (Leuciscus waleckii) is a species of cyprinid fish, inhabiting the Amur River basin in Russia, Mongolia, China, Korea.	Amur ide	Leuciscus
parent taxon	The Visayan miniature babbler (Micromacronus leytensis) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae.	Visayan miniature babbler	Micromacronus
parent taxon	Lasmigona is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae.	Lasmigona	Unionidae
parent taxon	Initially, it was not clear if Kotasaurus represents a true sauropod or a basal sauropodomorph that has to be classified outside Sauropoda.	Kotasaurus	Sauropoda
parent taxon	The Japanese dormouse (Glirulus japonicus) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.	Japanese dormouse	Glirulus
parent taxon	The Tibetan dwarf hamster (Cricetulus alticola) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Tibetan dwarf hamster	Cricetulus
parent taxon	Karanasa is an Old World genus of Satyrinae (family Nymphalidae).	Karanasa	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Henderson crake or red-eyed crake (Porzana atra) is a species of flightless bird in the family Rallidae.	Henderson crake	Porzana
parent taxon	Liptornis hesternus is a fossil bird of uncertain affinities.	Liptornis	bird
parent taxon	Callibia is a genus of praying mantis in the family Acanthopidae.	Callibia	Acanthopidae
parent taxon	Physeomorpha vianai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Physeomorpha.	Physeomorpha	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Celebes rainbowfish (Marosatherina ladigesi) is a species of sailfin silverside endemic to Sulawesi (formerly known as Celebes) in Indonesia.	Celebes rainbow	Marosatherina
parent taxon	Bischoff's tree frog, Hypsiboas bischoffi, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Bischoff's tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	Coriander (UK /ˌkɒrɪˈændə/; US /ˈkɔːriˌændər/ or /ˌkɔːriˈændər/; Coriandrum sativum), also known as cilantro (/sɪˈlɑːntroʊ/), Chinese parsley or dhania, is an annual herb in the family Apiaceae.	Coriander	Coriandrum
parent taxon	The Taiwan field mouse, also called Formosan wood mouse (Apodemus semotus), is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Taiwan field mouse	Apodemus
parent taxon	Pentatominae is a subfamily of Pentatomidae, a family of shield bugs.	Pentatominae	Pentatomidae
parent taxon	The Malesian frog, Malaysian river frog, Malaysian peat frog, or peat swamp frog (Limnonectes malesianus) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Malesian frog	Limnonectes
parent taxon	The Bahaman caracara (Caracara creightoni) is an extinct bird of prey.	Bahaman caracara	Caracara
parent taxon	Nautiloceras is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order Nautilida, which includes the living Nautilus and its close relative Allonautilus.	Nautiloceras	Nautilida
parent taxon	The Escambia map turtle (Graptemys ernsti) is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the United States.	Escambia map turtle	Graptemys
parent taxon	The subtribe was previously classified as the Pericopinae subfamily of the Arctiidae family.	Pericopina	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Gasterosiphon is a very small genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.	Gasterosiphon	Eulimidae
parent taxon	The Saharan striped polecat, also known as the Saharan striped weasel, Libyan striped weasel, and the North African striped weasel (Ictonyx libycus) is a species of mammal in the family Mustelidae.	Saharan striped polecat	Ictonyx
parent taxon	The Atlantic spotted dolphin (Stenella frontalis) is a dolphin found in the Gulf Stream of the North Atlantic Ocean.	Atlantic spotted dolphin	Stenella
parent taxon	Phasmatinae is a subfamily of stick insects in the family Phasmatidae.	Phasmatinae	Phasmatidae
parent taxon	Pterorhopalus mizotai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pterorhopalus.	Pterorhopalus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Andrachne is a genus of flowering plants in the family Phyllanthaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Andrachne	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Thomas's shaggy bat (Centronycteris centralis) is a bat species from South America.	Thomas's shaggy bat	Centronycteris
parent taxon	The Himalayan flameback (Dinopium shorii), also known as the Himalayan goldenback, is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Himalayan flameback	Dinopium
parent taxon	The Somali ostrich (Struthio molybdophanes) is a large flightless bird native to the Horn of Africa.	Somali ostrich	Struthio
parent taxon	The Nile Valley sunbird (Hedydipna metallica) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Nile Valley sunbird	Hedydipna
parent taxon	Betula lenta (sweet birch, also known as black birch, cherry birch, mahogany birch, or spice birch) is a species of birch native to eastern North America, from southern Maine west to southernmost Ontario, and south in the Appalachian Mountains to northern Georgia.	Betula lenta	birch
parent taxon	Kineococcus is an Actinomycete genus within the polyphyletic family Kineosporiaceae.	Kineococcus	Kineosporiaceae
parent taxon	Grass skippers or banded skippers are butterflies of the subfamily Hesperiinae, part of the skipper family, Hesperiidae.	Grass skippers	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The silent slant-faced grasshoppers make up the subfamily Acridinae of the insect family Acrididae.	Acridinae	Acrididae
parent taxon	The Roraiman antbird (Schistocichla saturata) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Roraiman antbird	Schistocichla
parent taxon	Urbinella is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, Asteraceae.	Urbinella	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Guarea is a genus of evergreen trees in the mahogany family Meliaceae, native to tropical Africa and Central and South America.	Guarea	Meliaceae
parent taxon	The Magellanic oystercatcher (Haematopus leucopodus) is a species of wader in the family Haematopodidae.	Magellanic oystercatcher	Haematopus
parent taxon	The Turkish hamster (Mesocricetus brandti), also referred to as Brandt's hamster, Azerbaijani hamster, or avurtlak, is a species of hamster native to Turkey, Armenia and other surrounding nations.	Turkish hamster	Mesocricetus
parent taxon	The Amistad gambusia (Gambusia amistadensis) was a small fish known only to occur in Goodenough Spring, Val Verde County, Texas, a tributary of the Rio Grande.	Amistad gambusia	Gambusia
parent taxon	The Damara tern (Sternula balaenarum) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae.	Damara tern	Sternula
parent taxon	The Gulf fritillary or passion butterfly (Agraulis vanillae) is a bright orange butterfly of the family Nymphalidae and subfamily Heliconiinae.	Gulf fritillary	Agraulis
parent taxon	Macropodinae is a subfamily of marsupials in the family Macropodidae, which includes the kangaroos, wallabies, and related species.	Macropodinae	Macropodidae
parent taxon	Metatrichoniscoides is a genus of crustacean in family Trichoniscidae, with four described species:	Metatrichoniscoides	Trichoniscidae
parent taxon	Osmylidae are a small family of winged insects of the net-winged insect order Neuroptera.	Osmylidae	Neuroptera
parent taxon	The Lorquin's admiral (Limenitis lorquini) is a butterfly in the Nymphalinae subfamily.	Lorquin's admiral	Limenitis
parent taxon	Streptosporangineae is a suborder of bacteria in the order Actinomycetales.	Streptosporangineae	Actinomycetales
parent taxon	The African giant shrew (Crocidura olivieri) is a species of shrew.	African giant shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Anolis, or anoles, is a genus of iguanian (anole) lizards belonging to the family Dactyloidae.	Anolis	Dactyloidae
parent taxon	Rough-haired golden moles (Chrysospalax villosus) are an ancient group of mammals that live mostly below ground.	Rough-haired golden mole	Chrysospalax
parent taxon	Endynomena pradieri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Endynomena .	Endynomena	Carabidae
parent taxon	Taeniura is a genus of stingrays in the family Dasyatidae, commonly known as ribbontail stingrays.	Taeniura	Dasyatidae
parent taxon	Adoxaceae is a small family of flowering plants in the order Dipsacales, now comprising five genera and about 150-200 species.	Adoxaceae	Dipsacales
parent taxon	Duncker's pipehorse (Solegnathus dunckeri) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Duncker's pipehorse	Solegnathus
parent taxon	Betula chinensis (Chinese: 坚桦; pinyin: jian hua) is a species of birch that can be found in China and Korea on the elevation of 700--3,000 metres (2,300--9,800 ft).	Betula chinensis	birch
parent taxon	Named by Lawrence Lambe in 1913, Styracosaurus is a member of the Centrosaurinae.	Styracosaurus	Centrosaurinae
parent taxon	The Andean hairy armadillo (Chaetophractus nationi) is an armadillo present in Bolivia, in the region of the Puna, the departments of Oruro, La Paz, and Cochabamba (Gardner, 1993).	Andean hairy armadillo	Chaetophractus
parent taxon	The Alaskan tundra wolf (Canis lupus tundrarum), also known as the barren-ground wolf, is a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to the barren grounds of the Arctic Coast region from near Point Barrow eastward toward Hudson Bay and probably northwards to the Arctic Archipelago.	Alaskan tundra wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Nototriton, commonly referred to as Moss Salamanders is a genus in the salamander family Plethodontidae, which is characterized by their absence of lungs; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth.	Nototriton	Plethodontidae
parent taxon	Melibe is a genus of sea slugs, nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tethydidae.	Melibe	Tethydidae
parent taxon	Andasta is a genus of ray spider (family Theridiosomatidae).	Andasta	ray spider
parent taxon	Spermodea is a genus of minute, European, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs, or micromolluscs, in the family Valloniidae.	Spermodea	Valloniidae
parent taxon	The Juglandaceae are a family, known as the walnut family, of trees, or sometimes shrubs, in the order Fagales.	Juglandaceae	Fagales
parent taxon	The African wild ass or African wild donkey (Equus africanus) is a wild member of the horse family, Equidae.	African wild ass	Equus
parent taxon	Amoaba plumosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Amoaba.	Amoaba	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Fintail serpent eel (Neenchelys buitendijki, also known commonly as the Spotted worm-eel in India) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Fintail serpent eel	Neenchelys
parent taxon	Zagrosia is a monotypic genus of bulbous flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae (also treated as the family Hyacinthaceae).	Zagrosia	Asparagaceae
parent taxon	Neita is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Neita	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Chasmosaurus was in 1915 by Lambe within the Ceratopsia assigned to the Chasmosaurinae.	Chasmosaurus	Chasmosaurinae
parent taxon	Baer's pochard (Aythya baeri) is a diving duck found in eastern Asia.	Baer's pochard	Aythya
parent taxon	Bellamyclus lampetiformis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Bellamyclus.	Bellamyclus	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Abyssinian roller (Coracias abyssinicus) is a member of the roller family of birds which breeds across tropical Africa in a belt south of the Sahara, known as the Sahel.	Abyssinian roller	Coracias
parent taxon	Micracosmeryx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species Micracosmeryx chaochauensis, which is known from southern China and northern Vietnam.	Micracosmeryx	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The North Island robin (Petroica longipes) is a species of Australasian robin endemic to the North Island of New Zealand.	North Island robin	Petroica
parent taxon	The Pangani suckermouth (Chiloglanis deckenii) is a species of upside-down catfish native to Kenya and Tanzania.	Pangani suckermouth	Chiloglanis
parent taxon	Theryola touzalini is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Theryola.	Theryola	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Tahiti monarch or Tahiti flycatcher (Pomarea nigra) is a rare species of bird in the monarch flycatcher family.	Tahiti monarch	Pomarea
parent taxon	Varroa is a genus of parasitic mites associated with honey bees, placed in its own family, Varroidae.	Varroa	Varroidae
parent taxon	Xiphogymnites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the Triassic included in the family Gymnitidae.	Xiphogymnites	Gymnitidae
parent taxon	Halophila is a genus of seagrasses in the family Hydrocharitaceae, the tape-grasses.	Halophila	Hydrocharitaceae
parent taxon	Cephalocroton is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1841.	Cephalocroton	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The King of Saxony bird-of-paradise (Pteridophora alberti) is a bird in the bird-of-paradise family (Paradisaeidae).	King of Saxony bird-of-paradise	Pteridophora
parent taxon	Teuthowenia is a genus of glass squid in the subfamily Taoniinae.	Teuthowenia	Taoniinae
parent taxon	The Namdapha flying squirrel (Biswamoyopterus biswasi) is an arboreal, nocturnal flying squirrel endemic to India.	Namdapha flying squirrel	Biswamoyopterus
parent taxon	The Tuva silver vole (Alticola tuvinicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Tuva silver vole	Alticola
parent taxon	The Murray crayfish, Euastacus armatus, is a species of freshwater crayfish endemic to Australia that belongs to the family Parastacidae.	Murray crayfish	Euastacus
parent taxon	The Azelinini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Ennominae, with many species in the Southern Hemisphere, particularly in South America.	Azelinini	Ennominae
parent taxon	Argyrocytisus battandieri, the pineapple broom, is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Argyrocytisus	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Pactolinus is a genus of the Histeridae family of Beetles	Pactolinus	Histeridae
parent taxon	Anagaudryceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the later Cretaceous belonging to the Ammonoidea family Gaudryceratidae.	Anagaudryceras	Gaudryceratidae
parent taxon	Kuterintja is an extinct genus of marsupial of the family Ilariidae.	Kuterintja	Ilariidae
parent taxon	The Parasitiformes are an order of Acari (treated as a suborder and superorder in outdated classifications).	Parasitiformes	Acari
parent taxon	Punalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.	Punalikevirus	Myoviridae
parent taxon	Enneapterygius paucifasciatus, known commonly as the New Caledonian striped triplefin or the Reticulate triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	New Caledonian striped triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	The Finned worm eel (Echelus uropterus, also known as the Finned snake eel in Australia) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Finned worm eel	Echelus
parent taxon	The Asiatic short-tailed shrew (Blarinella quadraticauda) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Asiatic short-tailed shrew	Blarinella
parent taxon	Dissopsalis is a genus of extinct predatory mammals of the family Hyaenodontidae.	Dissopsalis	Hyaenodontidae
parent taxon	The genus Asystasia belongs to the family Acanthaceae and comprises approximately 70 species found in the tropics, including the weedy species Asystasia gangetica.	Asystasia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Malcolmia is a genus of flowering plants from the family Brassicaceae.	Malcolmia	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Seychelles palm frog (Sechellophryne pipilodryas) is a species of frog that is endemic to Silhouette Island in the Seychelles.	Seychelles palm frog	Sechellophryne
parent taxon	Parapionycha lizeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Parapionycha.	Parapionycha	Carabidae
parent taxon	Scops owls are typical owls (family Strigidae) mostly belonging to the genus Otus.	Scops owl	Strigidae
parent taxon	Phebalium is a genus of shrubs in the family Rutaceae, endemic to Australia.	Phebalium	Rutaceae
parent taxon	The Esmeraldas woodstar, colibrí de Berlepsch, colibrí de esmeraldas, or estrellita Esmeraldeña (Chaetocercus berlepschi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Esmeraldas woodstar	Chaetocercus
place of birth	Nikolay Kamenskiy (born October 17, 1931 in Moscow) is a Soviet former ski jumper who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Nikolay Kamenskiy	Moscow
place of birth	Hryhoriy Surkis (Ukrainian: Григорій Суркіс; born September 4, 1949 in Odessa) is a Ukrainian businessman and politician, one of five vice-presidents of UEFA since 24 May 2013.	Hryhoriy Surkis	Odessa
place of birth	Abrie Fourie (born 1969 in Pretoria) is a South African born artist.	Abrie Fourie	Pretoria
place of birth	Pauline Hoarau (born in 1994, Réunion) is a French model.	Pauline Hoarau	Réunion
place of birth	Chatarina Larsson (born Ingrid Chatarina Larsson), a Swedish actress born on 2 April 1947 in Stockholm.	Chatarina Larsson	Stockholm
place of birth	Although frequently associated with Detroit, Kevin Saunderson spent the early years of his life in Brooklyn, New York, before moving to Belleville, Michigan, a rural town some 30 miles from Detroit.	Kevin Saunderson	Brooklyn
place of birth	Petra Nareks (born 27 September 1982) is a Slovene judoka from the city of Celje.	Petra Nareks	Celje
place of birth	Vladimir Grig (Russian: Владимир Григ; born March 21, 1962, Krasnodar, USSR) is the pen name of Russian, St. Petersburg-based artist and musician Vladimir Grigoracshenko.	Vladimir Grig	Krasnodar
place of birth	Born Antonio McDaniel to Willie and Annie McDaniel, and raised in the housing projects of Oakland, California in the 1970s, he changed his name to Tukufu Zuberi, which is Swahili for ``beyond praise'' and ``strength''.	Tukufu Zuberi	Oakland
place of birth	Enri Tenukai is an I-Kiribati footballer who plays as a Defender.	Enri Tenukai	Kiribati
place of birth	Sarah Boyack (born 16 May 1961 in Glasgow) is a Scottish Labour MSP for the Lothian region and formerly constituency MSP for Edinburgh Central in the Scottish Parliament.	Sarah Boyack	Glasgow
place of birth	Gaston Curbelo (born April 8, 1976) is a French football striker, who plays for AS Nancy in the Ligue 1.	Gaston Curbelo	Nancy
place of birth	Srđan Dragojević (Serbian: Срђан Драгојевић, pronounced (sř̩dʑan drâɡojeʋitɕ), born 1 January 1963 in Belgrade) is a Serbian film director and screenwriter, who emerged in the 1990s as a significant figure in Serbian cinema.	Srđan Dragojević	Belgrade
place of birth	Jan Johnston (born 21 February 1968, Salford, Lancashire, England) is an English professional singer, best known for collaborating with some of the world's top trance music DJs and producers.	Jan Johnston	Salford
place of birth	Jahanbakht Tofigh (Persian: جهانبخت توفیق ‎‎, born 1931 Sarab, East Azerbaijan -- deceased 1970 London) was an Iranian Freestyle wrestler.	Jahanbakht Tofigh	Azerbaijan
place of birth	Fong Pak Lun (Chinese: 方柏倫; Jyutping: fong1 paak3 leon4, born 14 April 1993) is a Hong Kong Chinese football striker currently playing for Hong Kong Pegasus in the Hong Kong Premier League.	Fong Pak Lun	Hong Kong
place of birth	Armen Grigoryan was born on November 24, 1960 in Moscow by Armenian parents.	Armen Grigoryan	Moscow
place of birth	Tooji was born in Shiraz, Iran, and moved to Norway when he was one year old.	Tooji	Shiraz
place of birth	Johann Pfeiffer was born in Nuremberg and had his earliest music lessons with various teachers in his home town.	Johann Pfeiffer	Nuremberg
place of birth	Alan Arthur Aronggear or Alan Aronggear (born 10 May 1990 in Merauke, Merauke Regency, Papua) is an Indonesian footballer.	Alan Aronggear	Merauke
place of birth	Valdir Ataualpa Ramirez Espinosa, usually known as Valdir Espinosa (born October 7, 1947 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager.	Valdir Espinosa	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Dalton Vigh de Sousa Vales (born July 10, 1964, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actor.	Dalton Vigh	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Denis Crossan BSC, was born in Glasgow, where he attended Glasgow School of Art, qualifying with a B.A.(hons) degree in graphic design before enrolling at the National Film and Television School Beaconsfield, graduating in 1984 to embark on a career in cinematography.	Denis Crossan	Glasgow
place of birth	Marie-Anne Collot was born in Paris and started to work as a model at the age of 15 in the workshop of Jean-Baptiste II Lemoyne.	Marie-Anne Collot	Paris
place of birth	Dionysios Solomos (Greek: Διονύσιος Σολωμός; 8 April 1798 -- 9 February 1857) was a Greek poet from Zakynthos.	Dionysios Solomos	Zakynthos
place of birth	Juergen Nogai (born 2 July 1953 in Jessen/Elster, south of Berlin) is a German architecture, art and documentary photographer.	Juergen Nogai	Jessen
place of birth	Claudio Acosta (born 12 February 1988 in El Quebrachal, Salta) is an Argentine football striker.	Claudio Acosta	El Quebrachal
place of birth	Parvin Ardalan, born 1967 in Tehran, is a leading Iranian women's rights activist, writer and journalist.	Parvin Ardalan	Tehran
place of birth	Martin Koukal (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈkou̯kal)) (born September 25, 1978 in Nové Město na Moravě) is a Czech cross-country skier and mountaineer who has been competing since 1996.	Martin Koukal	Nové Město na Moravě
place of birth	Christos Volikakis (born 25 March 1988 in Volos) is a Greek track cyclist.	Christos Volikakis	Volos
place of birth	Artur dos Santos Lima, popularly known as Arturzinho, (born 13 May 1956 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian professional football player, who played as a Midfielder and is currently a manager.	Arturzinho	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Oskar Rosenfeld was born on 13 May 1884 in Koryčany, Moravia to Jeanette Rosenfeld (Jellinek).	Oskar Rosenfeld	Koryčany
place of birth	Johannes Gaitanides (born 1909 in Dresden; died 1988 in Schondorf) was a German author and journalist.	Johannes Gaitanides	Dresden
place of birth	Avo Uvezian (born 1926 in Beirut, French Lebanon) is an Armenian-American jazz pianist and cigar manufacturer.	Avo Uvezian	Beirut
place of birth	Aleksandra Socha (born March 30, 1982 in Pabianice) is a Polish sabre fencer, bronze medal in the 2003 World Fencing Championships, European champion in 2004 and European team in 2008.	Aleksandra Socha	Pabianice
place of birth	The second of five children, Telly Savalas was born as Aristotelis Savalas on January 21, 1922, in Garden City, New York, to Greek American parents Christina (née Kapsalis), a New York City artist who was a native of Sparta, and Nick Savalas, a Greek restaurant owner.	Telly Savalas	Garden City
place of birth	Joshua Reed Giddings was born at Tioga Point, now Athens, Bradford County, Pennsylvania, on 6 October 1795.	Joshua Reed Giddings	Athens
place of birth	On the 12th of August 2014, the Iraqi MP Vian Dakhil got injured when an Iraqi aid helicopter crashed during a mission to deliver aid to the Yazidi people who are under siege by ISIL in Sinjar, Mosul.	Vian Dakhil	Mosul
place of birth	Muriel Leroy (born July 7 1968 at Ermont) is a former French athlete, who specialised in the sprints and the Long jump.	Muriel Leroy	Ermont
place of birth	Costin Curelea (born 11 July 1984 in Bucharest) is a Romanian football player who plays for Universitatea Craiova as a striker.	Costin Curelea	Bucharest
place of birth	John P. McKay, born in St. Louis, Missouri, is a professor of history and an author.	John P. McKay	St. Louis
place of birth	Kostas Foufoulas (Greek: Κώστας Φούφουλας) (born 25 October 1984 in Patras) is a Greek footballer.	Kostas Foufoulas	Patras
place of birth	James L. Conway (born October 27, 1950 in New York City, US) is an American film and television director, producer and writer, studio executive and novelist.	James L. Conway	New York City
place of birth	Marco Torrieri (born May 14, 1978 in Monterotondo near Rome) is an Italian sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres.	Marco Torrieri	Monterotondo
place of birth	Hilal Khashan (born 1951, Beirut, Lebanon) is a prominent Palestinian-American scholar of the Middle East, professor of political studies and department chair at the American University of Beirut.	Hilal Khashan	Beirut
place of birth	François Spirito was an Italian-French gangster, member of the Marseille underworld.	François Spirito	Marseille
place of birth	Nader Engheta (Persian: نادر انقطاع‎‎) (born 1955 in Tehran) is an Iranian-American scientist.	Nader Engheta	Tehran
place of birth	Giora Eiland (born 1952 in moshav Kfar Hess) is Major General (ret.)	Giora Eiland	moshav
place of birth	Siegfried Gumbel (September 22, 1874 in Heilbronn -- January 27, 1942 in Dachau) was an attorney, politician (DDP), and President of the Jewish Community of Württemberg, Stuttgart since 1933.	Siegfried Gumbel	Heilbronn
place of birth	Captain Robert Robinson (1685? - May 7, 1762) was born in Miller Place, New York.	Captain Robert Robinson	Miller Place, New York
place of birth	Gołda Tencer (yid. גאָלדע טענצער, born 2 August 1949 in Łódź) is a Polish-Jewish actress and singer.	Gołda Tencer	Łódź
place of birth	Count Jan Kanty Zamoyski (born August 4, 1900 in Stará Ľubovňa - died September 28, 1961 in Monte Carlo) was a Polish aristocrat.	Jan Kanty Zamoyski	Stará Ľubovňa
place of birth	Enos Lowe was born on May 5, 1804 in Raleigh, North Carolina in the county of Guilford.	Enos Lowe	Raleigh
place of birth	Brandon Firla (born in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian actor and comedian, currently best known for his role as Clark Claxton on the television sitcom Billable Hours.	Brandon Firla	Calgary
place of birth	While Xu Xiaofei grew up in the city of Zhengzhou in the province of Henan, his mother would move him to Japan as a 10-year-old child.	Xu Xiaofei	Zhengzhou
place of birth	Fikret Orman (born 1967 in Istanbul), is a Turkish businessman.	Fikret Orman	Istanbul
place of birth	Wither was born in Bentworth, near Alton, in the heart Hampshire, the son of George Wither Senior of that place and his wife, Mary, who was possibly from the family of Hunt.	George Wither	Bentworth
place of birth	Marco Branca (born 6 January 1965 in Grosseto) is an Italian former football striker who was, until February 2014, sporting director of Serie A club Internazionale.	Marco Branca	Grosseto
place of birth	Mark Wang was a passenger aboard China Northwest Airlines Flight 2119 from Yinchuan to Beijing on July 23, 1993.	Mark Wang	Yinchuan
place of birth	Nikola Eklemović (Serbian: Никола Еклемовић, born 8 February 1978 in Belgrade) is a Serbian Hungarian handball player.	Nikola Eklemović	Belgrade
place of birth	Irving Ramsey Wiles (April 8, 1861 -- July 29, 1948) was an American artist, born in Utica, New York.	Irving Ramsey Wiles	Utica
place of birth	Björn Joppe (born 13 December 1978 in Wuppertal) is a former German football player who currently is working as playing manager for SV Jägerhaus Linde.	Björn Joppe	Wuppertal
place of birth	David Waweru is the CEO of WordAlive Publishers based out of Nairobi, Kenya.	David Waweru	Kenya
place of birth	Tanith Lee was born on 19 September 1947 in London, to professional dancers Bernard and Hylda Lee.	Tanith Lee	London
place of birth	Joseph Maiden was born in St John's Wood in northwest London.	Joseph Maiden	London
place of birth	André Masséna was born in Nice, which was part of the Kingdom of Sardinia at the time, on 6 May 1758.	André Masséna	Nice
place of birth	After studying languages and psychology in Melbourne, Berlin and Bonn, Anne Cutler embraced psycholinguistics when it emerged as an independent field, going on to complete her PhD in the discipline at the University of Texas at Austin.	Anne Cutler	Melbourne
place of birth	Born and baptized James Isaac Thomas Kensett to Thomas & Sarah Kensett in St Mary's Parish Church, Hampton, Middlesex, Richmond upon Thames on 16 August 1786.	Thomas Kensett	Middlesex
place of birth	Karsten Kobs (born 16 September 1971 in Dortmund) is a German hammer thrower, whose personal best throw is 82.78 metres, achieved in June 1999 in Dortmund.	Karsten Kobs	Dortmund
place of birth	Roberto Esposito was born in Naples where he graduated at the University of Naples 'Federico II'.	Roberto Esposito	Naples
place of birth	Richard Brunstrom (born September 1954, Nottingham) is a retired British senior police officer.	Richard Brunstrom	Nottingham
place of birth	Vilma Espín Guillois was born on April 7, 1930, in Santiago de Cuba the daughter of a lawyer for the Bacardi family, Jose Espín and wife Margarita Guillois.	Vilma Espín	Santiago de Cuba
place of birth	Vic Elias (1948--2006) was a poet who was born in Chicago, Illinois, and emigrated to Canada in 1979.	Vic Elias	Chicago
place of birth	Tetiana Ustiuzhanina (Ukrainian: Тетяна Устюжаніна, Tatjana Ustiujanina, born 6 May 1965 in Mariupol) is a Ukrainian competitive rower.	Tetiana Ustiuzhanina	Mariupol
place of birth	Moshe Dayan was born on 20 May 1915 on Kibbutz Degania Alef, near the Sea of Galilee in what was then Ottoman Syria or Palestine, within the Ottoman Empire.	Moshe Dayan	Degania Alef
place of birth	John Wheelwright, born about 1592, was the son of Robert Wheelwright of Cumberworth and Saleby in Lincolnshire, England.	John Wheelwright	Saleby
place of birth	Igiaba Scego is an Italian writer (born 20 March 1974 in Rome) of Somali origin.	Igiaba Scego	Rome
place of birth	Preston Strother (January 28, 1999) is an American teen actor born in Dallas, Texas.	Preston Strother	Dallas
place of birth	Monty Halls (born 5 November 1966, England) is a TV broadcaster, explorer and marine biologist.	Monty Halls	England
place of birth	Wayne Robbins was born in Pawnee/Stillwater, Oklahoma to Charles L. Robbins and Clara Pauline Robbins née Brooks on July 22, 1914.	Wayne Robbins	Stillwater
place of birth	Adam Berner (born 25 January 1987 in Bromölla) is a Swedish footballer who plays for in the Allsvenskan for Mjällby AIF.	Adam Berner	Bromölla
place of birth	Frank Partos (7 February 1901, Budapest - 23 December 1956, Los Angeles) an American screenwriter, of Hungarian Jewish origin, and an early executive committee member of the Screen Actors Guild, which he helped found.	Frank Partos	Budapest
place of birth	Michael Attaleiates was probably a native of Attaleia (now Antalya, in Turkey) and moved to Constantinople between 1030 and 1040 to pursue studies in law.	Michael Attaleiates	Antalya
place of birth	Huang Xiangdong (Chinese: 黄向东 born 1958 in Dalian) is a Chinese football coach and a former international player.	Huang Xiangdong	Dalian
place of birth	Bryan Herb (born in Forest Grove, Oregon in 1973) is a gay travel TV personality and Board Chair of the International Gay and Lesbian Travel Association, as well as the co-owner of Zoom Vacations, a gay tour company based in the United States.	Bryan Herb	Forest Grove
place of birth	Paul Sanchez is a New Orleans-born and based American guitarist and a singer-songwriter.	Paul Sanchez	New Orleans
place of birth	Carneades (/kɑːrˈniːədiːz/; Greek: Καρνεάδης, Karneadēs, ``of Carnea''; 214/3--129/8 BC) was an Academic skeptic born in Cyrene.	Carneades	Cyrene
place of birth	Alonzo Wright (April 28, 1821 -- January 7, 1894) was a Canadian member of Parliament and businessman commonly known as ``King of the Gatineau''.	Alonzo Wright	Gatineau
place of birth	A. Aubrey Bodine (1906--1970) was an American photographer and photojournalist for the Baltimore Sun's Sunday Sun Magazine, also known as the brown section, for fifty years.	A. Aubrey Bodine	Baltimore
place of birth	Sandra Dodd (born July 24, 1953, Augusta, Georgia) is an unschooling advocate.	Sandra Dodd	Augusta
place of birth	Oh Ji-ho was born and raised in Mokpo, South Jeolla Province.	Oh Ji-ho	Mokpo
place of birth	Mýa Harrison, a native of Washington, D.C. is one of three children, born to an African-American father and Italian-American mother.	Mýa	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Anahit Nersesyan (In Armenian: Անահիտ Ներսիսյան, по-русски: Анаит Нерсесян), a famous Armenian pianist was born in 1954 in Yerevan.	Anahit Nersesyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Joseph Thoburn (April 29, 1825 -- October 19, 1864) was born in the district of Mallusk north of Belfast, County Antrim, to be found in the modern-day borough of Newtownabbey, Northern Ireland, UK.	Joseph Thoburn	County Antrim
place of birth	Winston Tong (born 1951 in San Francisco, California) is an actor/playwright, visual artist, puppeteer, and singer/songwriter.	Winston Tong	San Francisco
place of birth	According to the historical text Records of the Three Kingdoms, Liu Bei was born in Zhuo County, Zhuo Commandery (present-day Zhuozhou, Baoding, Hebei).	Liu Bei	Baoding
place of birth	Pablo Ziegler (born September 2, 1944) is an Argentine composer based in Buenos Aires and New York City.	Pablo Ziegler	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Josef Winckler (7 July 1881, Bentlage, Rheine -- 29 January 1966, Bensberg, Bergisch Gladbach) was a German writer, best known for his 1923 comic novel The Mad Bomberg, which was turned into films in 1932 and 1957.	Josef Winckler	Rheine
place of birth	Dr Victor Palciauskas (born October 3, 1941 in Kaunas, Lithuania as Vytas Palciauskas) is an American International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster, most famous for being the tenth ICCF World Champion, 1978--84.	Victor Palciauskas	Kaunas
place of birth	Dennis McDougal is originally from Pasadena, California.	Dennis McDougal	Pasadena
place of birth	Mike Maxfield (born 23 February 1944, Manchester, England) is an English songwriter and guitarist, who came to fame as a member of The Dakotas.	Mike Maxfield	Manchester
place of birth	Jacques Chessex ( Payerne, 1 March 1934 -- Yverdon-les-Bains, 9 October 2009) was a Swiss author and painter.	Jacques Chessex	Payerne
place of birth	Mick Audsley (b. 1949, London, England) is a British film and television editor with more than 30 film credits.	Mick Audsley	London
place of birth	Chuck Workman is a documentary filmmaker from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Chuck Workman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Tallulah Morton is an Australian fashion model born in 1991 in North Sydney, New South Wales.	Tallulah Morton	North Sydney
place of birth	Bill Jaques also known as Jacques (8 December 1888 in Erith, Kent -- 1925) was a professional footballer who played for Northfleet United (where he won the Kent Senior Cup in 1910), Coventry City and Tottenham Hotspur.	Bill Jaques	Erith
place of birth	Sidney Bates was born in Camberwell, London on 14 June 1921 to Frederick, a rag and bone man, and Gladys May Bates.	Sidney Bates	Camberwell
place of birth	Lauri Silvennoinen (November 7, 1916, Kesälahti, North Karelia -- December 24, 2004) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s.	Lauri Silvennoinen	Kesälahti
place of birth	Sverre Holm was born in Drammen and was in his youth a relatively good band player for Drafn.	Sverre Holm	Drammen
place of birth	Pamela Yates was born and raised in the Appalachian coal-mining region of Pennsylvania but left at a young age to live New York City.	Pamela Yates	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Cristian Chagas Tarouco or simply Titi (born 12 March 1988 in Pelotas), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in Süper Lig.	Cristian Chagas Tarouco	Pelotas
place of birth	Pramono Edhie Wibowo (born 5 May 1955 in Magelang) is a former Indonesian Army Chief of Staff from 31 June 2011 until 20 May 2013.	Pramono Edhie Wibowo	Magelang
place of birth	Inger Hagerup (Bergen, 14 April 1905 -- Fredrikstad, 6 February 1985) was a Norwegian author, playwright and poet.	Inger Hagerup	Bergen
place of birth	Tahia Halim was born in Sudan, where her family were living.	Tahia Halim	Sudan
place of birth	Anders Nicolai Kiær (Drammen, 15 September 1838 -- Oslo, 16 April 1919) was a Norwegian statistician who first proposed that a representative sample rather than a complete enumerating survey could and should be used to collect information about a population.	Anders Nicolai Kiær	Drammen
place of birth	Anna Angelina Wolfers (born November 8, 1978 in Siegen) is a German actress, model and entrepreneur.	Anna Angelina Wolfers	Siegen
place of birth	Sardar Hasanov (born May 12, 1985, Baku) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter.	Sardar Hasanov	Baku
place of birth	Kendel Hippolyte was born in Castries, the capital of St Lucia, and was educated at the University of the West Indies in Jamaica.	Kendel Hippolyte	Castries
place of birth	Gilberto Kassab (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒiwˈbɛɾtʊ kaˈsab(ɪ)) or (ʒiwˈbɛʁtu kaˈsab(i)); born 12 August 1960 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian politician, former mayor of São Paulo.	Gilberto Kassab	São Paulo
place of birth	Kyle Helton (born May 20, 1986 in Birmingham, Alabama) is an American soccer player who most recently played for Mjøndalen.	Kyle Helton	Birmingham
place of birth	Arthur Abraham was born in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union on 20 February 1980 to parents Grigor and Sylvia Abrahamyan.	Arthur Abraham	Yerevan
place of birth	Paul-Martin Gallocher de Lagalisserie (29 May 1805, Place Dauphine, Paris -- 5 August 1871, Balbins, Isère) was a French engineer.	Paul-Martin Gallocher de Lagalisserie	Paris
place of birth	Les Campbell (born 26 July 1935, Wigan) is a footballer who played on the left wing in The Football League for Preston North End, Blackpool and Tranmere Rovers.	Les Campbell	Wigan
place of birth	Musa Otieno (born December 29, 1973 in Nairobi) is a Kenyan former soccer player.	Musa Otieno	Nairobi
place of birth	Giorgio Salmoiraghi is an Italian painter and was born in Milan 26 November 1936.	Giorgio Salmoiraghi	Milan
place of birth	Nick Ienatsch (born 1961/1962 in Eau Claire, Wisconsin) is an American motorcycle Motorcycle racer, writer and motorcycle riding instructor.	Nick Ienatsch	Eau Claire
place of birth	Karim Ansarifard (Persian: کریم انصاری‌فرد‎‎; born 3 April 1990, Ardabil) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a striker for Greek club Panionios and Iranian national team.	Karim Ansarifard	Ardabil
place of birth	Fabricio Ortiz (born March 17, 1990 in Casilda) is an Argentine footballer who most recently played for Jacksonville Armada FC in the North American Soccer League.	Fabricio Ortiz	Casilda
place of birth	Luigi Longo was born in Fubine, in the province of Alessandria, Piedmont.	Luigi Longo	Fubine
place of birth	M. Ageyev (Russian: М. Агеев) is believed to be the nom-de-plume of Russian author Mark Lazarevich Levi (Russian: Марк Ла́заревич Ле́ви), (August 8, 1898, Moscow - August 5, 1973, Yerevan).	M. Ageyev	Moscow
place of birth	Dariusz Szwed (born 25 April 1967 in Kraków) is a Polish politician, feminist, activist and expert on green economy and sustainable development.	Dariusz Szwed	Kraków
place of birth	Karl Wahl was born as the thirteenth child of a boilerman in Aalen, then in the Kingdom of Württemberg, in 1892.	Karl Wahl	Aalen
place of birth	Oskar Holtzmann (20 October 1859, Stuttgart -- 1934, Giessen) was a German theologian who specialized in New Testament studies.	Oskar Holtzmann	Stuttgart
place of birth	Iván Cervantes Montero (Born 2 May 1982) is a Spanish motorcycle enduro racer from Cambrils (Tarragona).	Iván Cervantes	Tarragona
place of birth	Sarah Miles was born in the small town of Ingatestone, Essex, in South East England; her brother is film director, producer and screenwriter Christopher Miles.	Sarah Miles	Ingatestone
place of birth	George Tsisetski (also Grzegorz Cisiecki) (born 24 November 1985 in Minsk) is a Polish film director, screenwriter, dramatist and visual artist.	George Tsisetski	Minsk
place of birth	Cecile Pearl Witherington Cornioley CBE (24 June 1914 -- 24 February 2008) was a World War II SOE agent born in Paris to British parents.	Pearl Witherington	Paris
place of birth	Rob Neyer lived in the Kansas City area as a child and attended the University of Kansas After dropping out of college, he was soon hired as a research assistant by Bill James.	Rob Neyer	Kansas City
place of birth	George Alexandru (21 November 1957, Bucharest -- 1 January 2016, Spitalul Fundeni, Bucharest) was a Romanian film and theater actor.	George Alexandru	Bucharest
place of birth	Cal Bellini (born Khalid Ibrahim on June 6, 1935) is a former actor, a Malay originally from Singapore, who was cast in roles of mostly foreigners, Native Americans, or ethnic minorities, primarily on American television between 1960 and 1986.	Cal Bellini	Singapore
place of birth	Byron Gallimore (born in Puryear, Tennessee) is an American record producer known for more than two decades of work in the field of country music.	Byron Gallimore	Puryear, Tennessee
place of birth	Luciano Spinosi (born May 9, 1950, Rome) is an Italian former football coach and a former player.	Luciano Spinosi	Rome
place of birth	Loukas Notaras was descended from a Greek family originally from Monemvasia; his earliest ancestor whom we can identify in the surviving sources was one sebastos Paul, who captured the island of Kythera from the Venetians for the Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos in 1270.	Loukas Notaras	Monemvasia
place of birth	David George Kendall was born on 15 January 1918 in Ripon, West Riding of Yorkshire, and attended Ripon Grammar School before attending Queen's College, Oxford, graduating in 1939.	David George Kendall	Ripon
place of birth	Julia Timonina (born January 6, 1984 in Korolyov (formerly Kaliningrad), Russia) is a Russian fashion model, actress, television personality, and pop singer of the popular Russian girl band Mobilnye Blondinki (Mobile Blondes).	Julia Timonina	Korolyov
place of birth	Jury Chaščavacki, also spelled Yury Khashchavatski (Belarusian: Юры Хашчавацкi, Russian: Юрий Иосифович Хащеватский) (born October 18, 1947 in Odessa, Ukraine) is a Belarusian film director and scenarist, known for his films Kavkazkie plenniki, Bahi Siarpa i Molata, Aranzhavyja Kamizelki, Dazhyts da lubovi and Obyknovennyj prezident.	Jury Chaščavacki	Odessa
place of birth	Jacob Seebacher (1833 Germany -- August 18, 1889 New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Jacob Seebacher	New York City
place of birth	Joseph Christian Lillie was born in Copenhagen to the master cabinetmaker Georg Friederich Lillie and his wife, Maria Eva Schils.	Joseph Christian Lillie	Copenhagen
place of birth	Frederick Raine was born May 13, 1821, in Minden, Prussia, modern day North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Frederick Raine	Minden
place of birth	Nathaniel Thomas Wilson (born July 20, 1968), better known by his stage name Kool G Rap (or simply G Rap, and originally Kool Genius of Rap) is an American rapper from the Corona neighborhood of Queens, New York City.	Kool G Rap	New York City
place of birth	Birthe Kjær (born in Aarhus on 1 September 1948) is a Danish singer who began her career in the late 1960s.	Birthe Kjær	Aarhus
place of birth	Giovanni Paolo Castelli (1659--1730) was an Italian painter, active in Rome painting still-life paintings of bowls of fruit and flowers.	Giovanni Paolo Castelli	Rome
place of birth	Clement Clarke Moore (July 15, 1779 -- July 10, 1863) was a writer and American Professor of Oriental and Greek Literature, as well as Divinity and Biblical Learning, at the General Theological Seminary of the Protestant Episcopal Church, in New York City.	Clement Clarke Moore	New York City
place of birth	Eugene Lee-Hamilton was born in London on 6 January 1845 and educated mainly in France and Germany.	Eugene Lee-Hamilton	London
place of birth	Peter Bonu Johnson, also Peter Pierre Benoit Johnson, Bonu Yandeh Johnson (born 10 May 1963 in Banjul) is a Gambian professional football player and manager.	Peter Bonu Johnson	Banjul
place of birth	Henri Guisan was born in 1874 in Mézières, in the canton of Vaud, a Protestant part of French-speaking Switzerland.	Henri Guisan	Mézières
place of birth	Nicolas Poussin's early biographer was his friend Giovanni Pietro Bellori, who relates that Poussin was born near Les Andelys in Normandy and that he received an education that included some Latin, which would stand him in good stead.	Nicolas Poussin	Les Andelys
place of birth	Thomas Mayr-Harting (born 22 May 1954 in Epsom, Surrey) is an Austrian diplomat.	Thomas Mayr-Harting	Epsom
place of birth	Esther Bubley was born February 16, 1921 in Phillips, Wisconsin, the fourth of five children of Russian Jewish immigrants Louis and Ida Bubley.	Esther Bubley	Phillips
place of birth	Abu Madyan was born in Cantillana (Arabic: قطنيانة‎), a small town about 35 km away from Seville, in 1126.	Abu Madyan	Cantillana
place of birth	Wilhelm Ule, sometimes referred to as Willi Ule (9 May 1861 in Halle an der Saale -- 13 February 1940) was a German geographer and limnologist.	Wilhelm Ule	Halle
place of birth	Micheline Joubert (born June 18, 1945 in Paris) is a French figure skater who competed in singles skating and pairs skating.	Micheline Joubert	Paris
place of birth	Ann Grete Nørgaard (born 15 September 1983) is a Danish handballer playing for Viborg HK.	Ann Grete Nørgaard	Viborg
place of birth	Wolfgang Danne (born December 9, 1941 in Hildesheim) is a former West German pair skater.	Wolfgang Danne	Hildesheim
place of birth	Roberto Riva (Monza, 23 October 1986) is an Italian artistic roller skaters, 10 times world champion at the Artistic Skating World Championship.	Roberto Riva	Monza
place of birth	Khánh Ly was born to a traditional family and grew up in Hanoi.	Khánh Ly	Hanoi
place of birth	Reid Paley (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American singer, songwriter, and musician who has been performing and recording both solo and with his trio since the mid-1990s.	Reid Paley	Brooklyn
place of birth	Leyla Achba was born in Istanbul into the Anchabadze dynasty as an Anchabadze princess, the daughter of an Abkhazian Prince Mehmed Refik Bey Achba and his wife Georgian Princess Mahsheref Emukhvari.	Leyla Achba	Istanbul
place of birth	Martin Hiden (born 11 March 1973 in Stainz) is a former Austrian football player, who is currently assistant coach at FC Pasching.	Martin Hiden	Stainz
place of birth	Claudio Zmicală (born 6 February 1993 in Baia Mare, Maramures County) is a Romanian footballer who played for Baia Mare	Claudio Zmicală	Baia Mare
place of birth	A box in Dublin's popular concert venue, the Olympia Theatre, carries a nameplate ``The Denis Hickie Box'' as it is where he tends to watch gigs from.	Denis Hickie	Dublin
place of birth	Jalaram Bapa was born in Virpur, Rajkot district, Gujarat, India in 1799, on the seventh day of the Kartika month.	Jalaram Bapa	Virpur, Rajkot
place of birth	Mihails Arhipovs (born 10 November 1984 in Sigulda) is a former Latvian bobsledder who has competed since 2003.	Mihails Arhipovs	Sigulda
place of birth	Yury Kurbyko (Belarusian: Юрый Курбыка; Russian: Юрий Курбыко; born 26 February 1956 in Minsk) is a retired Belarusian professional football player.	Yury Kurbyko	Minsk
place of birth	Gerlandino Messina (born on July 22, 1972) is a member of the Mafia in Sicily from Porto Empedocle.	Gerlandino Messina	Porto Empedocle
place of birth	Lisa St Aubin de Terán was born in 1953 (to Joan Mary Murray and Jan Carew) and brought up in Clapham in South London.	Lisa St Aubin de Terán	London
place of birth	Silvio Scaglia (born 1958 in Lucerne, Switzerland ) is an Italian telecoms entrepreneur.	Silvio Scaglia	Lucerne
place of birth	Anaximander (/əˌnæksᵻˈmændər/; Greek: Ἀναξίμανδρος Anaximandros; c. 610 -- c. 546 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus, a city of Ionia (in modern-day Turkey).	Anaximander	Miletus
place of birth	Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso, or better known as Souza (born March 4, 1982, in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian football player.	Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Adolpho Washington (born 7 September 1967 in Lexington, Kentucky) is a retired professional boxer best known to hold the IBF Cruiser title for one fight.	Adolpho Washington	Lexington
place of birth	Fernando Alves dos Santos (born 23 March 1979 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), also known as Fernando, is a naturalized Equatoguinean football defender.	Fernando Alves dos Santos	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Diran Kelekian (Dikran Kelegian, Armenian: Տիրան Քէլէկեան, 1862, Kayseri -- 1915, Çankırı) was an Ottoman Armenian journalist and professor of Ottoman University (Istanbul).	Diran Kelekian	Kayseri
place of birth	Helle Frederiksen (born 5 March 1981 in Odense, Funen) is a Danish professional triathlete.	Helle Frederiksen	Odense
place of birth	Sarah Gillespie is a British American singer songwriter and guitarist based in London.	Sarah Gillespie	London
place of birth	Paris Moore-Williams (born 8 April 1989), better known by his stage name P Money, is an English Grime MC from Lewisham, South London who is also active in the dubstep scene.	P Money	London
place of birth	Jean Maxence Berrou (born September 5, 1985 in Quimper, Finistère) is a French modern pentathlete.	Jean Maxence Berrou	Quimper
place of birth	Melina Aslanidou (born Symela Aslanidou 28 August 1974 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a Greek singer.	Melina Aslanidou	Stuttgart
place of birth	Dmytro Korkishko (Ukrainian: Дмитро Юрійович Коркішко, born 4 May 1990 in Cherkasy, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Dmytro Korkishko	Cherkasy
place of birth	Úrsula Corberó (Barcelona, 11 August 1989) is a Spanish actress, best known for her role of Ruth in the Antena 3 series Física o Química.	Úrsula Corberó	Barcelona
place of birth	Andrew Paul (born Paul Andrew Herman; 17 March 1961 in Mile End, East London) is an English actor best known for playing PC Dave Quinnan in the ITV drama The Bill for 13 years.	Andrew Paul	Mile End
place of birth	Oliver Ernest Goonetilleke was born 20 October 1892, fifth child and only son of Alfred Goonetilleke, postmaster at Trincomalee in the northeast of Ceylon.	Oliver Ernest Goonetilleke	Trincomalee
place of birth	Nguyễn Huy Hiệu was born in 1947 in Long Hải commune, Hải Hậu District, Nam Định to a peasant family.	Nguyễn Huy Hiệu	Hải Hậu
place of birth	Arthur Minasyan (Armenian: Արթուր Հ. Մինասյան; born 4 June 1977 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian footballer, who currently plays for Ararat Yerevan.	Arthur Minasyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Kronfeld was born in Vienna, the son of dentist also called Robert Kronfeld (1874--1946), who was nephew of Adolf Kronfeld (de) (doctor, writer), Ernst Moriz Kronfeld (de) (botanist), both Galician Jews.	Robert Kronfeld	Vienna
place of birth	Jayanta Talukdar (Assamese: জয়ন্ত তালুকদাৰ) (born 2 March 1986 in Guwahati) is an Indian archer.	Jayanta Talukdar	Guwahati
place of birth	Karina Smirnoff was born in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, former Soviet Union, and is of half Greek and half Russian descent.	Karina Smirnoff	Kharkiv
place of birth	Mark Mindler was born in Athens, Greece, to parents of German descent.	Mark Mindler	Athens
place of birth	Alfred John West (1857--1937) was a British award-winning marine photographer in the Gosport firm of G. West and Sons from 1881 (for an early reference see Exhibition Catalogue of the Photographic Society of Great Britain) and from 1897 at the age of 40, a pioneer cinematographer.	Alfred John West	Gosport
place of birth	Luis Hernán Mosquera (born 25 May 1989 in Leticia, Amazonas) is a Colombian football midfield, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A. Mosquera is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since January, 2009.	Luis Hernán Mosquera	Leticia
place of birth	Melanie Iglesias (born June 18, 1987 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American model and actress.	Melanie Iglesias	Brooklyn
place of birth	Łukasz Jasiński (born October 13, 1985 in Września) is a Polish footballer who plays for ?.	Łukasz Jasiński	Września
place of birth	Born Melinda Jacobson in Chicago, Illinois, at 15 she was adopted by her stepfather and changed her name to Linda Yellin.	Linda Yellin	Chicago
place of birth	Karl Rove was born in Denver, Colorado, the second of five children, and was raised in Sparks, Nevada.	Karl Rove	Denver
place of birth	Arthur Max Barrett was born in 1909 in the English town of Thaxted, in Essex, where he spent his boyhood.	Max Barrett	Thaxted
place of birth	Sjoerd Winkens (born 4 May 1983 in Geleen) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a left Back.	Sjoerd Winkens	Geleen
place of birth	Gabriel Dias de Oliveira or simply Gabriel Dias (born May 10, 1994 in Francisco Morato), is a Brazilian football Defender.	Gabriel Dias de Oliveira	Francisco Morato
place of birth	Ranko Đorđić (Serbian Cyrillic: Paнкo Ђopђић ;born January 1, 1957 in Zenica) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Ranko Đorđić	Zenica
place of birth	Cláudio Adalberto Adão, or simply Cláudio Adão (born in Volta Redonda, July 2, 1955), is a former Brazilian football player.	Cláudio Adão	Volta Redonda
place of birth	James Auchiah (1906--1974) was a Kiowa painter and one of the Kiowa Five from Oklahoma.	James Auchiah	Oklahoma
place of birth	Dominique Arribagé (born 11 May 1971 in Suresnes) is a manager, former player and currently the manager of Toulouse in Ligue 1.	Dominique Arribagé	Suresnes
place of birth	His other groups would include the Adrian Rollini Quintette, The Adrian Rollini Trio (primarily late 1930s) and Adrian and his Tap Room Gang which was based in the Hotel President at 234 West 48th Street in New York City.	Adrian Rollini	New York City
place of birth	Born in Essaouira, in 1941 to a Moroccan Jewish family, André Azoulay was educated in Paris where he studied economics, journalism and international relations.	André Azoulay	Essaouira
place of birth	John Digweed (born 1 January 1967 in Hastings, England) is an English DJ, record producer and actor.	John Digweed	Hastings
place of birth	Foivos Delivorias (Greek: Φοίβος Δεληβοριάς), born 29 September 1973, is a Greek rock musician, singer, and songwriter from Kallithea, Attica.	Foivos Delivorias	Kallithea
place of birth	Iván Guzmán de Rojas (b. 1934 La Paz) is a Bolivian research scientist and the creator of the multi-lingual translation system Atamiri.	Iván Guzmán de Rojas	La Paz
place of birth	Gert Andreas Alm (born 19 June 1973 in Gällivare and grew up in Eskilstuna) is a Swedish former football player.	Andreas Alm	Gällivare
place of birth	Arshak Sarkissian (Armenian: Արշակ Սարգսյան; born December 26, 1981 in Gyumri), is an Armenian painter artist.	Arshak Sarkissian	Gyumri
place of birth	Kaija Udras (born December 4, 1986 in Võru) is an Estonian cross-country skier who has competed since 2005.	Kaija Udras	Võru
place of birth	Jason Massie (born September 13, 1984 in Liverpool) is an English footballer who currently plays for Cataraqui Clippers in League1 Ontario.	Jason Massie	Liverpool
place of birth	Davide Viganò (born 12 June 1984 in Carate Brianza) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Caja Rural--	Davide Viganò	Carate Brianza
place of birth	Salvatore Cordileone was born in San Diego, California, and attended Crawford High School from 1971 to 1974.	Salvatore Cordileone	San Diego
place of birth	Thanasis Kavallaris (Greek: Θανάσης Καβαλλάρης) (born 23 January 1988 in Amfilochia) is a Greek footballer.	Thanasis Kavallaris	Amfilochia
place of birth	Boris Bakal (born September 18, 1959 in Zagreb) is a theatre/film director and actor.	Boris Bakal	Zagreb
place of birth	Born November 3, 1944, in Miami, Florida, Sandra Gulland (née Zentner) was brought up in Berkeley, California.	Sandra Gulland	Miami
place of birth	Monika Bergmann-Schmuderer (born April 17, 1978 in Lam) is a German alpine skier.	Monika Bergmann-Schmuderer	Lam
place of birth	Daniel Peixoto was born in the Aldeota district of Fortaleza, Ceará.	Daniel Peixoto	Fortaleza
place of birth	Born in 1902 in Small Heath, Birmingham, Bert Perrigo's father was a baker but instead of following into the family bakery Bert got a job driving vans for a local motorcycle company.	Bert Perrigo	Birmingham
place of birth	Pietro Querini was a 15th-century sailing captain from the Republic of Venice.	Pietro Querini	Venice
place of birth	Misha Ge was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR to skating coaches Larisa and Jun Ge.	Misha Ge	Moscow
place of birth	Willard Lamb Velie (1866 -- October 24, 1928) was a businessman based in Moline, Illinois.	Willard Lamb Velie	Moline
place of birth	A native of Poznań, Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński first entered into the service of the Duchy of Warsaw around the time of his sixteenth birthday in 1807.	Jakub Ignacy Łaszczyński	Poznań
place of birth	Viljami Kalliokoski (15 May 1894, in Halsua -- 20 January 1978) was a Finnish farmer and politician.	Viljami Kalliokoski	Halsua
place of birth	Maurice Joshua, also known just as Maurice, born in Chicago, Illinois, is a record producer who is most known for his laid back and soulful House music style remixes.	Maurice Joshua	Chicago
place of birth	Bohuslav Reynek (born 31 May 1892 at Petrkov Manor, Vysočina Region, Bohemia; died 28 October 1971, at Petrkov Manor) was one of the most important Bohemian poets, writers, painters and translators of the 20th century.	Bohuslav Reynek	Vysočina Region
place of birth	Michael Haaß (born on 12 December 1983 in Essen) is a German handball player, playing for Frisch Auf Göppingen in Handball-Bundesliga.	Michael Haaß	Essen
place of birth	Fabio Sabatini (born 18 February 1985 in Pescia) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Etixx--	Fabio Sabatini	Pescia
place of birth	Tracy Anderson (born March 3, 1975 in Noblesville, Indiana, United States) is an American multi-platform fitness/wellness entrepreneur and author.	Tracy Anderson	Indiana
place of birth	Ashley Day Leavitt was born October 10, 1877, in Chicago, Illinois to Burke Fay and Lena (Day) Leavitt.	Ashley Day Leavitt	Chicago
place of birth	Shelton B. Sutton, Jr., born in Brewton, Georgia, on 21 August 1919.	Shelton B. Sutton, Jr.	Georgia
place of birth	Guido Ascoli (Livorno, 12 December 1887 -- Torino, 10 May 1957) was an Italian mathematician, known for his contributions to the theory of partial differential equations, and for his works on the teaching of mathematics in secondary high schools.	Guido Ascoli	Livorno
place of birth	Ella Ewing was born in La Grange, Missouri, the only child of Benjamin F. and Anna Eliza (Herring) Ewing.	Ella Ewing	La Grange
place of birth	Danella Lucioni (born June 21, 1984) is a Peru-born Italian model currently living in Los Angeles, California.	Danella Lucioni	Peru
place of birth	Zoran Gajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Гајић; born December 28, 1958 in Pančevo) is a Serbian volleyball trainer, who coaches Azerbaijani women's volleyball club Rabita Baku.	Zoran Gajić	Pančevo
place of birth	Johnson Monteiro Pinto Macaba (born November 23, 1978 in Luanda), or simply Johnson Macaba, is an Angolan football striker.	Johnson Monteiro Pinto Macaba	Luanda
place of birth	Jon St. John (born December 19, 1960 in Newport News, Virginia) is an American voice actor and singer.	Jon St. John	Newport News
place of birth	Siegfried Rauch (born April 2, 1932 in Landsberg am Lech, Upper Bavaria) is a German film and television actor.	Siegfried Rauch	Landsberg am Lech
place of birth	Mark Shield (born 2 September 1973 in Fortitude Valley, Queensland) is a former Australian Football referee and national Director of Referees.	Mark Shield	Fortitude Valley
place of birth	Klaus Hottinger was a shoemaker born in Zollikon.	Klaus Hottinger	Zollikon
place of birth	Vadym Ivanov played in Unisport-Budstar Kiev, MFK Mytishchi, Viten Orsha, Lokomotiv Kharkiv, LTK Lugansk, Red Devils Chojnice and Sportleader Khmelnitsky.	Vadym Ivanov	Kiev
place of birth	Georg Lemberger (c.1490--1500, Landshut - c.1540--1545) was a German painter and woodcut artist.	Georg Lemberger	Landshut
place of birth	Anne-Laure Casseleux (born 13 January 1984 in Tarare) is a French former football player who last played for French club Juvisy of the Division 1 Féminine.	Anne-Laure Casseleux	Tarare
place of birth	Born in La Serena, he was son of Vice Admiral José Toribio Merino Saavedra, Navy Inspector General, and of Bertina Castro Varela.	José Toribio Merino	La Serena
place of birth	Wolfgang Demtröder (b. 5 September 1931 in Attendorn) is a German physicist and spectroscopist.	Wolfgang Demtröder	Attendorn
place of birth	David Gurfinkel (born December 12, 1938 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli cinematographer.	David Gurfinkel	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Leonhard Sohncke (22 February 1842 Halle -- 1 November 1897 München) was a German mathematician who classified the 65 chiral space groups, sometimes called Sohncke groups.	Leonhard Sohncke	Halle
place of birth	Vladimir Ćorović was born in Mostar in Herzegovina, then under Ottoman sovereignty but under Austro-Hungarian administration, to a Serb Orthodox family involved in business.	Vladimir Ćorović	Mostar
place of birth	Everton Ramos da Silva (born 8 June 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for China team Shanghai Shenxin.	Everton Ramos da Silva	São Paulo
place of birth	Koji (born Andrew Koji Shiraki, February 12, 1987, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States) is an American songwriter and activist.	Andrew Koji Shiraki	Harrisburg
place of birth	Inés Arrimadas García (Jerez de la Frontera, born July 3, 1981) is one of the twenty five members of parliament the Parliament of Catalonia and is spokesperson for the Citizens party Catalonia.	Inés Arrimadas	Jerez de la Frontera
place of birth	John Fred Gourrier (8 May 1941 -- 14 April 2005), known by the stage name John Fred, was a blue-eyed soul, swamp pop, R&R and R&B performer from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, best known for the song, ``Judy in Disguise (With Glasses)''.	John Fred	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Inka Bause (born 21 November 1968 in Leipzig) is a Schlager singer, TV presenter and actress.	Inka Bause	Leipzig
place of birth	Joan McCall (born January 31, 1948 in Kentucky) is an American screenwriter, producer, actress and religious minister.	Joan McCall	Kentucky
place of birth	Shen Longyuan (simplified Chinese: 沈龙元; traditional Chinese: 沈龍元; pinyin: Shěn Lóngyuán; born 2 March 1985 in Yangpu, Shanghai) is a Chinese football player.	Shen Longyuan	Shanghai
place of birth	Édouard Beaupré was born in the southern Saskatchewan town of Willow Bunch on January 9, 1881.	Édouard Beaupré	Willow Bunch
place of birth	Walter Borho (born 17 December 1945 in Hamburg) is a German mathematician, who works on algebra and number theory.	Walter Borho	Hamburg
place of birth	Juan Carlos de la Ossa (born 25 November 1976 in Cuenca) is a Spanish middle distance runner who mostly concentrates on the 5000 and 10,000 metres.	Juan Carlos de la Ossa	Cuenca
place of birth	Andrew Stunell was born in Sutton, Surrey and educated at Surbiton County Grammar School for Boys (moved to Thames Ditton as Esher County Grammar School with the former buildings becoming Hollyfield School, then became Esher College in 1977) on St Marks Hill in Surbiton, then studied Architecture at University of Manchester and Liverpool Polytechnic.	Andrew Stunell	Sutton
place of birth	Karl August Senff (12 March 1770 in Kreypau, Prussia -- 2 January 1838 in Dorpat, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire) was a Baltic German painter, engraver and teacher.	Karl August Senff	Kreypau
place of birth	August Högn was born on 2 August 1878, the middle of five children to married bookbinders Andreas and Helene Högn in Deggendorf.	August Högn	Deggendorf
place of birth	Darren Lapthorne (born 4 March 1983 in Melbourne) is an Australian professional racing cyclist currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling.	Darren Lapthorne	Melbourne
place of birth	John Ery Coleman was born in Hamburg, Germany, the younger of two sons raised by Nathaniel Ragsdale Coleman, Sr., and the former Frances Esders.	John Ery Coleman	Hamburg
place of birth	James Wharram (born 15 May 1928 in Manchester, England) is a multihull pioneer and designer of catamarans.	James Wharram	Manchester
place of birth	Maxwell Murray was born on June 19, 1885 at West Point, New York as a son of Major general Arthur Murray, first Chief of Coast Artillery Corps and his wife Sarah Wetmore DeRussy, daughter of Union Brigadier general René Edward De Russy.	Maxwell Murray	West Point
place of birth	Coleman Livingston Blease was born to Henry Horatio Blease (1832-1892) and Mary Ann Livingston Blease (1830-1874) near the town of Newberry, South Carolina, on October 8, 1868, the year that South Carolina's new Reconstruction constitution was adopted, and blacks began participating in public political life.	Coleman Livingston Blease	Newberry, South Carolina
place of birth	Ashley Fuller (born 14 November 1986 in Bedford) is an English footballer playing for Cambridge City.	Ashley Fuller	Bedford
place of birth	Francesco Todaro (14 February 1839 -- 22 October 1918) was an Italian anatomist born in Tripi, a village in the province of Messina.	Francesco Todaro	Tripi
place of birth	Amber Heard was born in Austin, Texas, the daughter of Patricia Paige (née Parsons), an internet researcher, and David Clinton Heard, a contractor.	Amber Heard	Austin
place of birth	Ayhan Çarkın (1962, Erzurum) was a policeman.	Ayhan Çarkın	Erzurum
place of birth	Wang Xuanhong (simplified Chinese: 王选宏; traditional Chinese: 王選宏; pinyin: Wáng Xuǎnhóng; born July 24, 1989 in Liaoning) is a Chinese footballer,who currently plays for Qingdao Hainiu in the China League One.	Wang Xuanhong	Liaoning
place of birth	Sally Long (December 5, 1901 -- August 12, 1987) was a dancer and motion picture actress from Kansas City, Missouri.	Sally Long	Kansas City
place of birth	Rudi Blesh (January 21, 1899, Guthrie, Oklahoma -- August 25, 1985, Gilmanton, New Hampshire) was an American jazz critic and enthusiast.	Rudi Blesh	Guthrie
place of birth	Ted Nace grew up in California and North Dakota in his hometown of Dickinson.	Ted Nace	California
place of birth	Gordon Johncock (born August 25, 1936, in Hastings, Michigan) is an American former racing driver, best known as a two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 and the 1976 USAC Marlboro Championship Trail champion.	Gordon Johncock	Hastings, Michigan
place of birth	Tuomas Kytömäki (born 14 February 1974 in Helsinki) is a Finnish actor, who became known for his role as Aleksi Salin in the Finnish soap series Salatut elämät in years 1999--2004, 2008 and 2014.	Tuomas Kytömäki	Helsinki
place of birth	Cebes of Thebes (Greek: Κέβης, gen.: Κέβητος; c. 430 -- 350 BCE) was an Ancient Greek philosopher from Thebes remembered as a disciple of Socrates.	Cebes	Thebes
place of birth	Ludwik Mycielski (13 April 1854, Warsaw -- 6 January 1926) was a Polish politician, president of the National Council (Rada Narodowa) in 1913.	Ludwik Mycielski	Warsaw
place of birth	E. E. Knight (born March 7, 1965) is the pen name for a science fiction and fantasy writer, Eric Frisch, born in La Crosse, Wisconsin.	E. E. Knight	La Crosse
place of birth	Hans-Peter Steinacher (born September 9, 1968 in Zell am See) is an Austrian sailor and Olympic champion.	Hans-Peter Steinacher	Zell am See
place of birth	Gabriella Bábi-Szottfried (née Gabriella Szottfried; born 1966) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Vác (Pest County II) from 2010 to 2014.	Gabriella Bábi-Szottfried	Vác
place of birth	Joseph Anthony was born as Joseph Deuster in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on May 24, 1912.	Joseph Anthony	Milwaukee
place of birth	José López Portillo y Rojas (May 26, 1850 -- May 22, 1923), born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, was a Mexican lawyer, politician and man-of-letters.	José López Portillo y Rojas	Guadalajara
place of birth	Dean Ljubančić (born 25 August 1969 in Rijeka) is a retired Croatian football player who played for Rijeka in the Yugoslav First League, Rijeka, Pazinka and Orijent in the Croatian First Football League, and Oldenburg in German Regionalliga Nord.	Dean Ljubančić	Rijeka
place of birth	Arnold Blanch (born June 4, 1896 -- died 1968), was born and raised in Mantorville, Minnesota.	Arnold Blanch	Mantorville
place of birth	Iyad Burnat (born September 1973) leads Bil'in's non-violent struggle in the occupied West Bank.	Iyad Burnat	Bil'in
place of birth	Born in Fortaleza, capital of Ceará state, Anderson Martins started his career with Bahia club Vitória.	Anderson Martins	Fortaleza
place of birth	Delfine Persoon (Gits, 14 January 1985) is a Belgian boxer and the reigning WBC, IBF, WIBA- and WIBF world champion in the lightweight class.	Delfine Persoon	Gits
place of birth	Laëtitia Le Corguillé (born July 29, 1986 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French BMX racer and Olympic athlete who won the silver medal in BMX at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games.	Laëtitia Le Corguillé	Saint-Brieuc
place of birth	Carl Rowan was born in Ravenscroft, Tennessee, the son of Johnnie, a cook and cleaner, and Thomas Rowan, who stacked lumber.	Carl Rowan	Ravenscroft, Tennessee
place of birth	Dada Chan Ching is an ethnic Chinese actress and model under Jacso Entertainment based in Hong Kong.	Dada Chan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Raj Sogivalu (born 19 January 1990, Funafuti) is a Tuvaluan footballer who currently plays for Nauti FC.	Raj Sogivalu	Funafuti
place of birth	Franco Casalini (Milan, 1 January 1952) is an Italian basketball coach.	Franco Casalini	Milan
place of birth	Adam Ptáčník (born 4 December 1985 in Pardubice) is a Czech amateur track cyclist.	Adam Ptáčník	Pardubice
place of birth	`` Julian Gumperz was an assistant at the Institute for Social Research (Institut für Sozialforschung) at Frankfurt am Main in Germany, one of the lesser known communist proponents of the Frankfurt School.	Julian Gumperz	Germany
place of birth	Jerry Fodor was born in New York City in 1935, of Jewish descent.	Jerry Fodor	New York City
place of birth	Yevgeniy Timoshenko (Ukrainian: Євген Тимошенко, Yevhen Tymoshenko, born 1988 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian poker player.	Yevgeniy Timoshenko	Kharkiv
place of birth	Booth's father was a Wall Street stock broker and her mother was an actress who had moved to the state of New York after Connie Booth's birth in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Connie Booth	Indianapolis
place of birth	Adrienne Pierce (born 1968), is a Canadian singer from West Vancouver.	Adrienne Pierce	West Vancouver
place of birth	Nora Marlowe (September 5, 1915 -- December 31, 1977) was an American film and television character actress originally from Worcester, Massachusetts, who was best known for her role from 1973 to 1977 as Flossie Brimmer in twenty-seven episodes of the CBS family drama, The Waltons.	Nora Marlowe	Worcester
place of birth	Lauren Wood (born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American singer-songwriter, voice-over artist and producer.	Lauren Wood	Pittsburgh
place of birth	The son of Ziarat Hossain Khan and Zohra Khatun, who lived in Singair Upazila, Manikganj District, Khan Ataur Rahman was born on 11 December 1928.	Khan Ataur Rahman	Singair Upazila
place of birth	Roberto Bettega (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto ˈbɛtteɡa); born 27 December 1950 in Turin, Piedmont) is an Italian former footballer.	Roberto Bettega	Turin
place of birth	María del Barrio is a Spanish actress born 5 July 1989 in the town of Alcalá de Henares, Madrid.	María del Barrio	Madrid
place of birth	Kyi Soe Tun is the son of Daw Hla and her husband U Tun in Yangon.	Kyi Soe Tun	Yangon
place of birth	Molly Lefebure was born in the London Borough of Hackney on 6 October 1919, the daughter of Charles Hector Lefebure OBE (1941 Birthday Honours) and Elizabeth Cox.	Molly Lefebure	London
place of birth	Andrei Petrovich Kiselyov (Андрей Петрович Киселёв, b. Mtsensk November 30, 1852, d. Leningrad, November 8, 1940) was a Russian and Soviet mathematician.	Andrei Petrovich Kiselyov	Mtsensk
place of birth	Luis Pérez-Sala Valls-Taberner (born 15 May 1959 in Barcelona) is a Spanish former racing driver who competed in Formula One, Formula 3, Formula 3000 and Touring Cars.	Luis Pérez-Sala	Barcelona
place of birth	Ibrahim Köse (born 4 March 1992 in Lahti) is a Finnish footballer of Turkish descent currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga club FC Ilves.	Ibrahim Köse	Lahti
place of birth	Ivano Balić (born 1 April 1979 in Split) is a former Croatian handballer, world and Olympic champion.	Ivano Balić	Split
place of birth	Randy West (born September 29, 1953, New York City) is an American television personality, best known for his work on game shows.	Randy West	New York City
place of birth	Baker was born in Woolwich, England, son of Richard Thomas Baker, a blacksmith, and his wife Sarah, née Colkett.	Richard Thomas Baker	Woolwich
place of birth	Valery Panov was born in Vitebsk, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic (present-day Vitebsk, Belarus) in 1938.	Valery Panov	Vitebsk
place of birth	Milt Larkin (October 10, 1910, Navasota, Texas -- August 31, 1996) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader and singer.	Milt Larkin	Navasota
place of birth	Dariusz Brytan (born April 16, 1967 in Wrocław) was a Polish footballer, and is now a football trainer in the Polish Premier League.	Dariusz Brytan	Wrocław
place of birth	Kenny Wharton (born November 28, 1960 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is an English former professional footballer, who was most recently academy coach for Newcastle United.	Kenny Wharton	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Carlo Besozzi (1738 -- 22 March 1791) was an Italian oboist composer and member of an extensive family of oboists from the eighteenth-century Naples.	Carlo Besozzi	Naples
place of birth	Robert Hunecke-Rizzo (17.06.1971 in Hamburg) is a German bass player, guitarist and drummer, known for his work with Heavens Gate, Luca Turilli, and Kamelot.	Robert Hunecke-Rizzo	Hamburg
place of birth	Gilson Gomes do Nascimento (born 15 May 1986 in Campo Grande), simply known as Gilson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Ponte Preta.	Gilson Gomes do Nascimento	Campo Grande
place of birth	Li Shanshan (Chinese: 李珊珊; pinyin: Lǐ Shānshān; born February 22, 1992 in Huangshi, Hubei) is a Chinese gymnast who is especially strong on balance beam.	Li Shanshan	Huangshi
place of birth	John Lennon, fullname John Lennon Silva Santos (Goiânia, December 29, 1991) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays in Brazilian Série B for Atlético Goianiense as a Left back.	John Lennon Silva Santos	Goiânia
place of birth	Nigel Whitmey (born 23 February 1963) is a Canadian-born British actor who was born in Alberta, Canada, who has appeared in TV series and films.	Nigel Whitmey	Alberta
place of birth	Kitty O'Neil, born March 24, 1946 in Corpus Christi, Texas, is an American former stuntwoman and racer noted for a handful of exceptional accomplishments, despite becoming deaf when she was four months old.	Kitty O'Neil	Corpus Christi
place of birth	John Guedel, (Oct. 9, 1913, Portland, Indiana -- Dec. 14, 2001, Los Angeles, California) was a radio and television producer who co-created and produced Art Linkletter's and Groucho Marx's most important and successful broadcast properties, including You Bet Your Life and People Are Funny.	John Guedel	Portland
place of birth	She was born as Mary Sean Young in Louisville, Kentucky, daughter of Donald Young Jr., a television producer and journalist, and Lee Guthrie (born Mary Lee Kane), a screenwriter, public relations executive, and journalist.	Sean Young	Louisville
place of birth	Paul Preiss (born in Port Huron, Michigan on 9 June 1980) is an American actor and model.	Paul Preiss	Port Huron
place of birth	Stuart MacBride was born Feb 27 1969 in Dumbarton, Scotland and raised in Aberdeen.	Stuart MacBride	Dumbarton
place of birth	Shawn Hatosy was born in Frederick, Maryland, to Carol Ann (née Owens), a loan officer, and Wayne Thomas Hatosy, a graphic designer.	Shawn Hatosy	Frederick
place of birth	Xavier Musca (born 23 February 1960 in Bastia, Corsica) is a French economist, writer, and public administrator.	Xavier Musca	Bastia
place of birth	Peter E. Hodgson (27 November 1928, London -- 8 December 2008) was a British physicist, who also wrote about the philosophy of physics and social issues, and was an active Roman Catholic.	Peter E. Hodgson	London
place of birth	Andrew Shaffer is a United States author, who was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States.	Andrew Shaffer	Cedar Rapids
place of birth	Egidius Slanghen (23 August 1820 -- 12 October 1882) was the mayor of Hoensbroek (now part of Heerlen) from 11 March 1855 till his death and a historian.	Egidius Slanghen	Hoensbroek
place of birth	Daan Huiskamp (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdaːn ˈɦœy̯skɐɱp); born November 10, 1985 in Eerbeek, Brummen, Gelderland) is a Dutch footballer.	Daan Huiskamp	Eerbeek
place of birth	Bidu Sayão was born to a cultured family in Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro.	Bidu Sayão	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Bruno Cazarine Constantino, also known as Bruno Cazarine (born 6 May 1983, in Mogi das Cruzes, São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker.	Bruno Cazarine	Mogi das Cruzes
place of birth	Franco Causio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfraŋko ˈkauzjo); born 1 February 1949 in Lecce) is an Italian, World Cup winning former footballer who played for Juventus for many years in the 1970s and 1980s.	Franco Causio	Lecce
place of birth	Jun Fukuda (福田純, February 17, 1923 Manchuria - December 3, 2000) was a Japanese film director, writer and producer.	Jun Fukuda	Manchuria
place of birth	Emilio Martín Hidalgo Conde (born June 15, 1976 in Lima), commonly known as Martín Hidalgo is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a left wingback for Los Caimanes in the Peruvian Segunda División.	Martín Hidalgo	Lima
place of birth	Addis Mussa (born September 14, 1976, in Munich), better known by his stage names Addis & Raptile, is a German-Ethiopian artist, producer and songwriter.	Raptile	Munich
place of birth	Ilija Stanić (born 19 October 1945) is believed to have assassinated Vjekoslav Luburić, a Croatian Ustasha General responsible for war crimes in Jasenovac concentration camp during World War II. Stanić was born at Čelebići near Konjic, Yugoslavia.	Ilija Stanić	Čelebići
place of birth	Allen Baron (born in 1927, Brooklyn, New York, USA) is an American actor, film and television director.	Allen Baron	Brooklyn
place of birth	Mathis Künzler (born June 13, 1978 in Basel) is a Swiss film, television and stage actor.	Mathis Künzler	Basel
place of birth	Nataly Chilet Bustamante (born c. 1985), is a beauty pageant contestant from Santiago, Chile.	Nataly Chilet	Santiago
place of birth	Biagio Rossetti (c. 1447 -- 1516) was an Italian architect and urbanist from Ferrara.	Biagio Rossetti	Ferrara
place of birth	André Luiz de Oliveira Regatieri or simply André Luiz (born February 13, 1983 in Santo Antônio da Platina-PR), is a Brazilian right back who plays for Marcílio Dias in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.	André Luiz de Oliveira Regatieri	Santo Antônio da Platina
place of birth	Harald Ringstorff (born 25 September 1939 in Wittenburg, Mecklenburg) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and was minister-president of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Harald Ringstorff	Wittenburg
place of birth	Robert Rodat (born Keene, New Hampshire, 1953) is an American film and television writer and television producer.	Robert Rodat	Keene
place of birth	Willem Frederik Hermans was born on 1 September 1921 in Amsterdam to Johannes ('Johan') Hermans (1879-1967) and Hendrika ('Rika') Hillegonda Hermans-Eggelte (1884-1967), who already had a daughter, Cornelia ('Corry') Geertruida (1918-1940).	Willem Frederik Hermans	Amsterdam
place of birth	Marcela Said Cares (born in Santiago) is a Chilean filmmaker.	Marcela Said	Santiago
place of birth	Jeff Nichols (born December 7, 1978) is an American film director and screenwriter from Little Rock, Arkansas.	Jeff Nichols	Little Rock
place of birth	Janvier Besala Bokungu (born 30 January 1989 in Kinshasa) is a Congolese football (soccer) Defender.	Janvier Besala Bokungu	Kinshasa
place of birth	Sven Helbig (born in Eisenhüttenstadt) is a German composer, director and music producer.	Sven Helbig	Eisenhüttenstadt
place of birth	Agnaldo Rayol (born Agnaldo Coniglio Rayol on May 5, 1938 in Niterói) is a Brazilian singer and actor.	Agnaldo Rayol	Niterói
place of birth	Luis Fernando Suárez Guzmán (born December 23, 1959 in Medellín) is a Colombian retired football player.	Luis Fernando Suárez	Medellín
place of birth	Ahmad ibn Yusuf was born in Baghdad and moved with his father to Damascus in 839.	Ahmad ibn Yusuf	Baghdad
place of birth	Robert Whitman (born 1935 in New York City) is an American artist best known for his seminal theater pieces of the early 1960s combining visual and sound images, actors, film, slides, and evocative props in environments of his own making.	Robert Whitman	New York City
place of birth	Elijah Phillips was born in Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire on April 11, 1809, son, and one of ten total children of Elijah Phillips.	Elijah Phillips	Fitzwilliam
place of birth	Pavel Korin was born in the village of Palekh (now in Ivanovo Oblast) to a family of a professional icon-painter Dmitry Nikolayevich Korin.	Pavel Korin	Palekh
place of birth	Peter Marti (born 12 July 1952 in Langenthal) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a striker during the 1970s and 1980s.	Peter Marti	Langenthal
place of birth	Oleksandr Yurkov (Ukrainian: Олександр Юрков; born 21 July 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian decathlete.	Oleksandr Yurkov	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Viktoras Muntianas (born 11 November 1951 in Marijampolė, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian politician of Moldovan descent and former Speaker of the Seimas.	Viktoras Muntianas	Marijampolė
place of birth	Malin Ewerlöf-Krepp (born 2 June 1972 in Gävle) is retired Swedish athlete who competed in the middle-distance events.	Malin Ewerlöf-Krepp	Gävle
place of birth	Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgarian: Христо Стоичков Стоичков; born 8 February 1966 in Plovdiv) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who is currently a football commentator for Univision Deportes.	Hristo Stoichkov	Plovdiv
place of birth	Dudley Knowles (/noʊlz/; 1947, Lancashire -- 26 October 2014) was a British political philosopher and professor at Glasgow University.	Dudley Knowles	Lancashire
place of birth	Richard Prokas (born 22 January 1976) in Penrith, England, is a retired English professional footballer who played as a midfileder for Cambridge United and Carlisle United in the Football League.	Richard Prokas	Penrith
place of birth	Michael Lazarovitch is a Canadian actor who was born near Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Michael Lazarovitch	Toronto
place of birth	Isabel Gillies (born February 9, 1970, in New York City, New York) is an actress and author.	Isabel Gillies	New York City
place of birth	Edoardo Menichelli was born in Serripola in San Severino Marche in province of Macerata and the Diocese of San Severino Marche on 14 October 1939.	Edoardo Menichelli	San Severino Marche
place of birth	Jim Sykes was born in Rapid City, South Dakota and moved to Alaska ca.	Jim Sykes	Rapid City
place of birth	Heike Meißner (born 29 January 1970 in Dresden) is a retired German athlete.	Heike Meißner	Dresden
place of birth	Crespin Carlier was born in Laon in the Picardy region of northern France around 1560.	Crespin Carlier	Laon
place of birth	Mauro Marchano (born 15 January 1980 in Rosario) is an Argentine footballer.	Mauro Marchano	Rosario
place of birth	Brian Pinas (born December 29, 1978 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch professional football player of Surinamese descent.	Brian Pinas	Rotterdam
place of birth	Roy Bean was born in 1825 in Mason County, Kentucky, the youngest of five (four sons and a daughter) of Phantly Roy Bean, Sr., and the former Anna Henderson Gore.	Roy Bean	Mason County
place of birth	Sal Abruscato (born July 18, 1970, Brooklyn, New York) is a former drummer for Type O Negative.	Sal Abruscato	Brooklyn
place of birth	Anitere Flores (born September 8, 1976 in Miami, Florida) is a Republican member of the Florida Senate, a body in which she represents the 37th District.	Anitere Flores	Miami
place of birth	The eldest of seven children of Catholic immigrants from Belfast, Northern Ireland, Pete Hamill was born in the Park Slope section of Brooklyn.	Pete Hamill	Brooklyn
place of birth	Martin J. Sullivan, OBE, (born 1955 in Essex, England), is the former Deputy Chairman of Willis Group Holdings plc (NYSE: WSH) and Chairman and CEO of its, Willis Global Solutions, which oversees brokerage and risk management advisory services for Willis's multinational and global accounts.	Martin J. Sullivan	England
place of birth	Halldor Skard (born April 11, 1973 in Oslo) is a former Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1990 to 2000.	Halldor Skard	Oslo
place of birth	Alfredo Dugès (birth name- Alfred Auguste Delsescautz Dugès); (April 16, 1826 - January 7, 1910) was a French-born, Mexican physician and naturalist born in Montpellier.	Alfredo Dugès	Montpellier
place of birth	Marline Barberena (born May 24, 1987 in Miami) is a Nicaraguan-American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2014 and represented Nicaragua at Miss Universe 2014.	Marline Barberena	Miami
place of birth	Philippe Galli (8 July 1956, Strasbourg) is a French prefect.	Philippe Galli	Strasbourg
place of birth	Gilles Cistac was born in 1961 in the French city of Toulouse.	Gilles Cistac	Toulouse
place of birth	Sofia Ahlbom was born in Västerås, the daughter of a goldsmith.	Sofia Ahlbom	Västerås
place of birth	Agnes Denes (Dénes Ágnes; Budapest, 1931) is a Hungarian-born American conceptual artist based in New York.	Agnes Denes	Budapest
place of birth	Lukas Wilaschek (born April 30, 1981 in Katowice, Upper Silesia, Poland ) is a German boxer who won several medals at major events as an amateur.	Lukas Wilaschek	Katowice
place of birth	Dionysius Rodotheatos (Greek: Διονύσιος Ροδοθεάτος, Italian: Dionisio Rodoteato; 1849, Ithaca -- 1892, Corfu) was a Greek conductor and composer.	Dionysius Rodotheatos	Ithaca
place of birth	Simone Augustin also Simone Roßkamp (born 23 November 1976 in Heinsberg) is a German journalist and author.	Simone Augustin	Heinsberg
place of birth	Bruno Gerussi (7 May 1928 -- 21 November 1995) was a Canadian television actor born in Medicine Hat, Alberta, best known for the lead role in the CBC Television series The Beachcombers.	Bruno Gerussi	Medicine Hat
place of birth	Phil Joanou (born November 20, 1961 in La Cañada Flintridge, California) is an American film director and music video director.	Phil Joanou	La Cañada Flintridge
place of birth	Fabrizio Barchi (born 1957 in Ostia, Rome) is an Italian choir conductor.	Fabrizio Barchi	Rome
place of birth	Hewetson was born in Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland, in 1737/8 the son of Lieutenant Christopher Hewetson whose ancestry was from Yorkshire.	Christopher Hewetson	Thomastown
place of birth	Mustapha Ourrad was born in the village of Aït Larbâa (now Beni Yenni) on 21 June 1954.	Mustapha Ourrad	Beni Yenni
place of birth	Arvo Askola (2 December 1909, Valkeala -- 23 November 1975) was a Finnish long-distance runner, who won silver medals in the 10,000 m event at the 1936 Olympics and 1934 European Championships.	Arvo Askola	Valkeala
place of birth	Ellen Hanley was born in Lorain, Ohio and made her Broadway debut in Annie Get Your Gun in 1946 playing the part of ``Mary''.	Ellen Hanley	Lorain
place of birth	Simon Hilton (born 1967 near Bournemouth) is an English music video, concert and documentary director and editor and multimedia creative based in London.	Simon Hilton	Bournemouth
place of birth	Tuuve Aro (born 1973) is a Finnish author, who was born and lives in Helsinki.	Tuuve Aro	Helsinki
place of birth	Dariush Farziaei (Persian: داریوش فرضیایی‎, known as Amo-Pourang, Persian: عموپورنگ‎, born 1973 in Tehran) is an Iranian presenter and voice actor in the field of children's programs.	Dariush Farziaei	Tehran
place of birth	Valeri Kikta (October 22, 1941, in Volodymyrivka, Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian classical composer.	Valeri Kikta	Volodymyrivka
place of birth	Yoon Kwang-ung (born October 13, 1942 in Busan) is a retired Vice Admiral of the Republic of Korea Navy & former South Korean Minister of National Defense.	Yoon Kwang-ung	Busan
place of birth	Usama Alshaibi (Arabic: أسامة الشيبي‎) (born in Baghdad, Iraq on November 20, 1969) is an Iraqi-American independent filmmaker and visual artist.	Usama Alshaibi	Baghdad
place of birth	The architect and renovator Vicko Andrić was born in Trogir on March 23, 1793.	Vicko Andrić	Trogir
place of birth	Hassan Souari (Arabic: حسن صواري‎) (born 24 December 1984 in Settat) is a Moroccan footballer, who currently plays for Hassania Agadir.	Hassan Souari	Settat
place of birth	Andrei Nechita (born 29 May 1988 in Vaslui) is a Romanian professional road racing cyclist riding for the Tusnad Cycling Team.	Andrei Nechita	Vaslui
place of birth	Valgerd Svarstad Haugland (born 23 August 1956 in Kvam) is a Norwegian teacher, politician and civil servant.	Valgerd Svarstad Haugland	Kvam
place of birth	Alexis Alexandris, sometimes wrongly called Alekos Alexandris, (born 21 October 1968 in Kiato) is a Greek former football striker.	Alexis Alexandris	Kiato
place of birth	Valérie Quennessen was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, near Paris and dedicated much of her childhood to pursuing her dream of becoming an acrobat.	Valérie Quennessen	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Pat Thornton (born September 5, 1976 in Kingston, Ontario) is a Canadian television actor and sketch comedian.	Pat Thornton	Kingston
place of birth	Henry Howe was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of a publisher and printer, whose bookstore was one of the most famous in the country.	Henry Howe	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Tim Mälzer (born 22 January 1971 in Elmshorn) is a German television chef.	Tim Mälzer	Elmshorn
place of birth	He was the son of John Theyer (d. 1631), and grandson of Thomas Theyer of Brockworth, Gloucestershire, and was born there in 1597.	John Theyer	Brockworth, Gloucestershire
place of birth	Marcello Salazar M. Bergo (born March 27, 1981 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist.	Marcello Salazar	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Yaakov Weiss was born in 1924 in Nové Zámky, Czechoslovakia, to a Jewish family, the son of Joseph and Helena Weiss.	Yaakov Weiss	Czechoslovakia
place of birth	Aacharya Nand Dulare Bajpai (हिन्दी: आचार्य नन्ददुलारे बाजपेई ) was born in the village Magrair, Unnao.	Nand Dulare Bajpai	Magrair
place of birth	Denise Gordy, born in Detroit, Michigan, is the daughter of George and Rosemary Gordy and sister of Patrice and George Gordy, Jr., among others.	Denise Gordy	Detroit
place of birth	Lucrezia Crivelli (27 July 1452 -- 27 May 1508)) was a mistress of Ludovico Sforza, il Moro, Duke of Milan.	Lucrezia Crivelli	Milan
place of birth	Hélie de Saint Marc entered the French resistance (network resistance of Jade-Amicol) in February 1941, at the age of 19 after assisting in Bordeaux at the arrival of the Army and French Authorities when the country was fully engaged in its events.	Hélie de Saint Marc	Bordeaux
place of birth	Reginald Evans (born 18 March 1939) in Consett, County Durham) is a former footballer for Newcastle United from 1956 to 1959.	Reginald Evans	Consett
place of birth	Born at Donnycarney, Porter was the son of Andrew Marshall Porter, Sr. (later 1st Baronet), a lawyer who was an MP for Londonderry and served variously as Ireland's Solicitor-General, Attorney-General, and Master of the Rolls.	Marshall Porter	Donnycarney
place of birth	Tanya Wilson (born June 13, 1950) is a beauty queen from Honolulu, Hawaii who held the Miss USA 1972 title.	Tanya Wilson	Honolulu
place of birth	José Tagle y Santarin (March 18, 1854 in Barangay Luma, Imus, Cavite -- 1902) was roled in the Battle of Imus.	José Tagle	Imus
place of birth	Patricia Paquin (born October 25, 1968 in Montreal, Quebec) is a television personality from Quebec.	Patricia Paquin	Montreal
place of birth	Georgi Bradistilov, the only son of a high-ranked civil servant at Bulgarian Ministry of Finance, Delcho Bradistilov, and Nona Bradistilova (née Motekova), was born on October 12, 1904 in Panagyurishte.	Georgi Bradistilov	Panagyurishte
place of birth	Dimitrios Tsiamis (Greek: Δημήτριος Τσιάμης; born 12 January 1982 in Karditsa) is a Greek triple jumper.	Dimitrios Tsiamis	Karditsa
place of birth	Bernard Zénier (born August 21, 1957 in Giraumont, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a French former professional football (soccer) player.	Bernard Zénier	Giraumont
place of birth	Edmund Stoiber was born in Oberaudorf in the district of Rosenheim, Bavaria.	Edmund Stoiber	Oberaudorf
place of birth	Born in Shanghai, Soong Ai-ling arrived in the United States at the Port of San Francisco, California on June 30, 1904, aboard the SS Korea at the age of 14 to begin her education at Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia.	Soong Ai-ling	Shanghai
place of birth	Chris Dreja (born 11 November 1945, Surbiton, England) is a musician, best known for playing rhythm guitar and bass in the British band, The Yardbirds.	Chris Dreja	Surbiton
place of birth	Robert Změlík (Czech pronunciation: (ˈrobɛrt ˈzmɲɛliːk)) (born April 18, 1969 in Prostějov) is a Czech track and field athlete who won a gold medal in Olympic decathlon in 1992.	Robert Změlík	Prostějov
place of birth	Élizabeth Tshala Muana Muidikay, alias Tshala Muana, (Lubumbashi, May 13, 1958) is a singer and dancer from Congo-Kinshasa.	Tshala Muana	Lubumbashi
place of birth	Alban Butler was born in 1710, at Appletree, Northamptonshire, the second son of Simon Butler, Esq. Orphaned at the age of eight, he was sent to be educated at the English College, Douai, in France.	Alban Butler	Northamptonshire
place of birth	Roland Nenaj (born 28 November 1978 in Vlorë) is a former Albanian professional footballer who is now the head coach of Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga.	Roland Nenaj	Vlorë
place of birth	Ronnie Nolan (born October 1933 in Ringsend, Dublin) is a former Irish International football player.	Ronnie Nolan	Dublin
place of birth	Jean-Pierre Delaunay (born 17 January 1966 in Sainte-Adresse) is a French former footballer who spent most of his career with Le Havre AC, making 315 appearances for Le HAC, a club record.	Jean-Pierre Delaunay	Sainte-Adresse
place of birth	Christoph Poppen (born 9 March 1956 in Münster) is a German conductor, violinist and academic teacher.	Christoph Poppen	Münster
place of birth	Sibi Malayil is also the president of the Film Employees' Federation of Kerala (FEFKA).	Sibi Malayil	Kerala
place of birth	Hanna Śleszyńska (born April 11, 1959 in Warsaw) is a Polish film, television and theater actress.	Hanna Śleszyńska	Warsaw
place of birth	Galeazzo Ghidoni or Gidoni (Cremona, late 16th century - early 17th century) was an Italian painter.	Galeazzo Ghidoni	Cremona
place of birth	Thomas Wedders, born in Yorkshire, England in the 18th century, had the world's longest nose.	Thomas Wedders	Yorkshire
place of birth	Osamu Hamanaka (濱中 治, born July 9, 1978 in Tanabe, Wakayama) is a former Japanese professional baseball player.	Osamu Hamanaka	Tanabe
place of birth	Robert Ledley was born on June 28, 1926 in Flushing Meadows, Queens, New York City, USA.	Robert Ledley	New York City
place of birth	Nina Repeta (born September 10, 1967 in Shelby, North Carolina) is an American actress best known for her role as Bessie Potter on the television drama Dawson's Creek, which aired from 1998 to 2003.	Nina Repeta	Shelby, North Carolina
place of birth	Sébastien Vieilledent (born August 26, 1976 in Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes) is a 2004 French rowing gold medallist.	Sébastien Vieilledent	Cannes
place of birth	Michael Benjamin Lerner is a musician from Seattle, Washington, who is signed to Merge Records.	Michael Benjamin Lerner	Seattle
place of birth	Norm Nielsen, Born February 17, 1934 in Kenosha, Wisconsin, is an American magician and business owner.	Norm Nielsen	Kenosha
place of birth	Hurd, a native of Kansas City, Missouri, later worked for Paul Terry's Terrytoons studio before starting his own Earl Hurd Productions studio in 1923.	Earl Hurd	Kansas City
place of birth	Bertram Beierlorzer (born 31 May 1957 in Neunkirchen am Brand) is a German football coach and a former player.	Bertram Beierlorzer	Neunkirchen am Brand
place of birth	David Chevallereau (born April 10, 1969, in Saintes, Charente-Maritime, France) is a former professional footballer.	David Chevallereau	Saintes
place of birth	Teresa Susan Donohue (May 1869 -- April 1932), better known as Tessie Wall was an American madam who owned and operated brothels in San Francisco, California from 1898 to 1917.	Tessie Wall	San Francisco
place of birth	Bernd Brexendorf (born 21 October 1954 in Bremerhaven) is a former German professional football player who became a physician.	Bernd Brexendorf	Bremerhaven
place of birth	Sophie Auster (born July 6, 1987 in Brooklyn, New York City) is an American singer/songwriter and actress.	Sophie Auster	New York City
place of birth	Achaeus of Eretria (Ancient Greek: Ἀχαιός; born 484 BC in Euboea) was a Greek playwright author of tragedies and satyr plays, variously said to have written 24, 30, or 44 plays, of which 19 titles are known:	Achaeus of Eretria	Euboea
place of birth	Kwamé Ryan (born 1970, Toronto) is a Canadian conductor of Trinidadian descent.	Kwamé Ryan	Toronto
place of birth	Boyd Raeburn was born in Faith, South Dakota, and became one of the greatest and least-known of jazz bandleaders during the 1940s.	Boyd Raeburn	South Dakota
place of birth	Robert Bernardis (7 August 1908 in Innsbruck -- 8 August 1944 in Berlin-Plötzensee) was an Austrian resistance fighter involved in the attempt to kill German dictator Adolf Hitler in the 20 July Plot in 1944.	Robert Bernardis	Innsbruck
place of birth	Simon Morgan (born 5 September 1966 in Birmingham) is a former professional footballer, who most famously played for Fulham and Leicester.	Simon Morgan	Birmingham
place of birth	Helmut Schlesinger (born 4 September 1924 in Penzberg) is a German economist and former President of the Bundesbank.	Helmut Schlesinger	Penzberg
place of birth	Shahram Gholami, born in Tehran in 1974, is an Iranian Oudplayer.	Shahram Gholami	Tehran
place of birth	Irina Grigorieva is a Russian former football who played mainly for CSK VVS Samara and SPARTAK Moscow.	Irina Grigorieva	Moscow
place of birth	Oleksandr Melaschenko (Ukrainian: Олександр Петрович Мелащенко) (born 13 December 1978 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian footballer, who currently plays for FC Nove Zhyttya in the Poltava Oblast league.	Oleksandr Melaschenko	Poltava
place of birth	Norman Giller (born 18 April 1940, Stepney, East End, London) is an English author, a sports historian and television scriptwriter, who in October 2015 had his 100th book published.	Norman Giller	Stepney
place of birth	Kees van Dongen was born in Delfshaven, then on the outskirts, and today a borough, of Rotterdam.	Kees van Dongen	Delfshaven
place of birth	Mykola Babak (Ukrainian: Микола Бабак, 10 June 1954) is a Ukrainian artist, writer, publisher, and art collector from Cherkasy Oblast.	Mykola Babak	Cherkasy Oblast
place of birth	James Cullen Landis was the middle of three siblings (two sons and a daughter) raised by Lulan and Margaret (née Cullen) Landis in Nashville, Tennessee, where his father supported his family as a stock broker.	Cullen Landis	Nashville
place of birth	Cecília Dassi (born December 6, 1989, in Esteio, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian actress famous for her work on Rede Globo soap operas.	Cecília Dassi	Esteio
place of birth	Tilo Prückner (born 26 October 1940) in Augsburg is a German television and film actor.	Tilo Prückner	Augsburg
place of birth	Born as Chang Cheng-Min (or Tsan Cheng-Min, varying sources), Father Beda Chang was a priest and the dean of faculty of arts at Shanghai's Aurora University.	Beda Chang	Shanghai
place of birth	Francis Reynald Wewengkang (born 10 January 1971 in Manado) usually called Francis Wewengkang or Enal, is a former Indonesian football player.	Francis Wewengkang	Manado
place of birth	After a difficult season in Blanc-Mesnil, and coming back from injury, in June 2012, Wesley Ngo Baheng sign a contract federal to fc Dieppe.	Wesley Ngo Baheng	Blanc-Mesnil
place of birth	Valentina Pistoli (born 1928) is the first Albanian woman architect, born in Korçë.	Valentina Pistoli	Korçë
place of birth	Zoran Stefanović (pronounced (zɔ̌.ran stefǎːnoʋitɕ), Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Стефановић, born 21 November 1969 in Loznica) is an award-winning Serbian author, publisher and cultural activist, best known as the founder of several cultural networks, including Project Rastko.	Zoran Stefanović	Loznica
place of birth	Elita Löfblad (born Helita Mariam Löfblad Letelier, 16 August 1980 in Chile) is a Swedish model and reality show contestant, being one of the housemates on Big Brother, which saw her get fans in Norway and throughout Scandinavia.	Elita Löfblad	Chile
place of birth	Thomas Dufter (born December 20, 1966 in Inzell) is a former German nordic combined skier who competed during the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Thomas Dufter	Inzell
place of birth	Đuro Živković, also rendered as Djuro Zivkovic (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђуро Живковић; born 1975 in Belgrade), is a Serbian-Swedish composer and violinist.	Đuro Živković	Belgrade
place of birth	Rafael Nuritdinov (born 12 June 1977 in Fergana) was an Uzbek road racing cyclist.	Rafael Nuritdinov	Fergana
place of birth	Sultan Husayn Mirza Bayqara (Persian: حسین بایقرا‎‎ / Husayn Bāyqarā) was born in Herat in June--	Sultan Husayn Mirza Bayqara	Herat
place of birth	Eros Capecchi (born 13 June 1986 in Castiglione del Lago) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Astana.He turned professional with Liquigas-Bianchi in 2005 before moving to Saunier Duval-Scott in 2008.	Eros Capecchi	Castiglione del Lago
place of birth	Alexey Pivovarov (Russian: Алексей Пивоваров) (born 12 June 1974, Moscow) is a Russian journalist working for NTV.	Alexey Pivovarov	Moscow
place of birth	Fedja Marušič (born October 10, 1971 in Solkan) is a Slovenian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-2000s (decade).	Fedja Marušič	Solkan
place of birth	Kim Woodburn (born Patricia Mary McKenzie; 25 March 1942, Portsmouth, Hampshire) is an English television presenter and expert cleaner who is best known for co-presenting the British television programme How Clean Is Your House? and in 2007, starred in the Canadian series Kim's Rude Awakenings.	Kim Woodburn	Portsmouth
place of birth	Irwin Kra (born January 5, 1937 in Poland) is an American mathematician, who works on the function theory in complex analysis.	Irwin Kra	Poland
place of birth	Richard Schallert (born 21 April 1964 in Brand in Vorarlberg) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1982 to 1988.	Richard Schallert	Brand
place of birth	Hans Werner Olm (Born Hans Olm, 1 February 1955 in Bochum) is a German television and film comedian.	Hans Werner Olm	Bochum
place of birth	Ghislaine Arabian was born and raised in Croix in the department of Nord near Roubaix.	Ghislaine Arabian	Croix
place of birth	Francesco Chicchi (born 27 November 1980 in Camaiore) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Androni-Sidermec.	Francesco Chicchi	Camaiore
place of birth	Margunn Bjørnholt (born 9 October 1958 in Bø, Telemark) is a Norwegian sociologist and economist.	Margunn Bjørnholt	Bø
place of birth	Marina Tchebourkina studied music at the Moscow State Tchaikovsky Conservatory and graduated summa cum laude in organ and musicology in 1989.	Marina Tchebourkina	Moscow
place of birth	Charles Duncan Michener (September 22, 1918 -- November 1, 2015) was an American entomologist born in Pasadena, California.	Charles Duncan Michener	Pasadena
place of birth	Damir Mikec (Serbian Cyrillic: Дамир Микец; born March 31, 1984 in Split, Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sport shooter.	Damir Mikec	Split
place of birth	Kristine Bayley (born 22 June 1983 in Perth) is an Australian professional track cyclist.	Kristine Bayley	Perth
place of birth	Hassler Whitney was born on March 23, 1907, in New York City, where his father Edward Baldwin Whitney was the First District New York Supreme Court judge.	Hassler Whitney	New York City
place of birth	Aino Kannisto (born in 1973 in Espoo, Finland) is a photographic artist who lives and works in Helsinki.	Aino Kannisto	Espoo
place of birth	Born in London, Mary Elizabeth Braddon was privately educated.	Mary Elizabeth Braddon	London
place of birth	Abhijit Bhaduri was raised in New Delhi.	Abhijit Bhaduri	New Delhi
place of birth	Ronny Yu Yan-Tai (Chinese: 于仁泰) is a Hong Kong film director, producer, and movie writer.	Ronny Yu	Hong Kong
place of birth	Pablo Alberto Cerioni, known as Alberto Cerioni, Paolo Cerioni or Alberto Paolo Cerioni (born October 1, 1919 in La Plata; died in 1948) was an Argentine professional football player.	Alberto Cerioni	La Plata
place of birth	Graham Hay (born 27 November 1965) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Stranraer, Falkirk, Stirling Albion, Clydebank and Airdrieonians.	Graham Hay	Falkirk
place of birth	Ashley Long (born 8 June 1979 in London, England) is the stage name of a British former pornographic actress.	Ashley Long	London
place of birth	Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti (22 June 1822 -- 2 October 1876) was born at Gambarana, near Pavia in 1822.	Alfonso Giacomo Gaspare Corti	Gambarana
place of birth	Napoleone Verga (Perugia, February 1833 − Nice, 1916) was an Italian painter, mainly of illuminated manuscripts, but also of paintings.	Napoleone Verga	Perugia
place of birth	Pablo Urtasun Pérez (born 29 March 1980 in Urdiain, Navarre) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team Funvic Soul Cycles--	Pablo Urtasun	Urdiain
place of birth	Giovanni Federico (born 4 October 1980 in Hagen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German--born Italian footballer who plays for TuS Ennepetal.	Giovanni Federico	Hagen
place of birth	Lawyer, educator, and legislator, Mariano Marcos was born in Batac, Ilocos Norte on April 21, 1897 to Fabian Marcos and Cresencia Rubio.	Mariano Marcos	Batac
place of birth	Ostasio II da Polenta (died 1396) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Ravenna.	Ostasio II da Polenta	Ravenna
place of birth	Ah Xian (Born 1960 in Beijing) is a Chinese born artist based in Sydney, Australia.	Ah Xian	Beijing
place of birth	Etienne Stott MBE (born 30 June 1979 in Manchester) is an English slalom canoeist who has competed since the early 2000s initially in the K-1 category, but later on switching to C-2.	Etienne Stott	Manchester
place of birth	Pierre de Boissat (1603 in Vienne, Isère -- 28 March 1662) was a soldier, writer, poet and translator.	Pierre de Boissat	Vienne
place of birth	Kurt Jarasinski (6 November 1938 in Elpersbüttel -- 27 October 2005 in Langerwehe) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion.	Kurt Jarasinski	Elpersbüttel
place of birth	Cynthia Wade is an American television, commercial and film director, producer and cinematographer based in New York City.	Cynthia Wade	New York City
place of birth	Hidde Sjoerds de Vries (22 December 1645, Sexbierum - 1 July 1694, North Sea), was a Dutch commander, like his uncle Tjerk Hiddes de Vries.	Hidde Sjoerds de Vries	Sexbierum
place of birth	Marcus Schmickler (born November 15, 1968 in Cologne) is a German composer, musician and producer.	Marcus Schmickler	Cologne
place of birth	Pål Anders Ullevålseter (born 7 December 1968 in Oslo) is a Norwegian rally raid motorcycle rider.	Pål Anders Ullevålseter	Oslo
place of birth	Dentaa was born in Juaso, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana, but moved with her family to the UK at the age of five.	Dentaa	Juaso
place of birth	Wayne Stenehjem was born in Mohall, North Dakota, and he graduated from Bismarck High School in 1971 and Bismarck State College in 1972.	Wayne Stenehjem	Mohall, North Dakota
place of birth	Taylor Hollingsworth is a singer/songwriter and guitarist from Birmingham, Alabama.	Taylor Hollingsworth	Birmingham
place of birth	Jan Willem Pieneman was born on 4 November 1779 in Abcoude in the Dutch Republic (present-day Netherlands).	Jan Willem Pieneman	Abcoude
place of birth	Hambarsoom Grigorian (Armenian: Գրիգորյան Համբարձում Գրիգորի, 1893 in Tabriz - July 28, 1975 in Tehran) was a composer and the founder and director of the ``Komitas'' choir.	Hambarsoom Grigorian	Tabriz
place of birth	Xu Shilin (Chinese: 徐诗霖; pinyin: Xú Shīlín; born 10 January 1998 in Zhongshan) is a Chinese tennis player.	Xu Shilin	Zhongshan
place of birth	Todd MacDonald (born 1973 in British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian Australian actor who is best known for his roles on the soap opera Neighbours and the drama series The Secret Life of Us and Rush.	Todd MacDonald	British Columbia
place of birth	Born Carlotta Montijo in Los Angeles, California, Monti appeared in B-movies like Kiss of Araby (1933), Tarzan the Fearless (1933) and Night Cargo (1936), usually cast as an exotic temptress.	Carlotta Monti	Los Angeles
place of birth	Niels Duffhuës (born 8 January 1973 in Oss) is a Dutch multi-instrumentalist, composer and writer.	Niels Duffhuës	Oss
place of birth	Gilbert Van Binst (born 5 July 1951 in Machelen) was a Belgian football player.	Gilbert Van Binst	Machelen
place of birth	Anna Kiełbasińska (born 26 June 1990 in Warsaw) is a Polish athlete competing in the sprinting and hurdling events.	Anna Kiełbasińska	Warsaw
place of birth	Early in life, SoMo sang at popular clubs in Austin, Texas with his father.	SoMo	Austin
place of birth	Andrzej Majewski, (born in November 12, 1966 in Wrocław), is a Polish aphorist, writer, columnist and photographer.	Andrzej Majewski	Wrocław
place of birth	Akira Hori (堀晃, born 1944 in Tatsuno, Hyogo) is a Japanese science fiction writer.	Akira Hori	Tatsuno
place of birth	Ema Pukšec was born in Ogulin (present-day Republic of Croatia).	Ema Pukšec	Ogulin
place of birth	Georg Preuße (Pseudonym Mary Morgan) (born 24 August 1950 in Ankum) is a German actor and drag performer.	Georg Preuße	Ankum
place of birth	Michel Rabagliati (born 1961) is a Canadian cartoonist born and based in Montreal.	Michel Rabagliati	Montreal
place of birth	Pat Courtney (born in 1940 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a full back, mainly on the left.	Pat Courtney	Dublin
place of birth	Deborah Winters was born on November 27, 1953, in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Ralph Winters, head of television casting for Universal Studios for 28 years and actress Penny Edwards.	Deborah Winters	Los Angeles
place of birth	Sui Dongliang (simplified Chinese: 隋东亮; traditional Chinese: 隋東亮; pinyin: Suí Dōngliàng; born September 24, 1977 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a former Chinese professional footballer.	Sui Dongliang	Dalian
place of birth	Mikel Canka (born 18 February 1987 in Lushnjë) is an Albanian football player who plays for Luftëtari Gjirokastër in Albanian First Division as a striker.	Mikel Canka	Lushnjë
place of birth	Elizabeth Gillies was born in Haworth, New Jersey and is partially of Italian descent.	Elizabeth Gillies	Haworth, New Jersey
place of birth	Pekka Vehkonen (born 27 May 1964 in Helsinki) is a Finnish former motocross world champion.	Pekka Vehkonen	Helsinki
place of birth	Born at 1 Upper Woburn Place, London, in 1904, Dorothea Elizabeth Irving usually went by her middle name of Elizabeth.	Elizabeth Irving	London
place of birth	Lucio Amelio (born Naples, 13 September 1931 - died Naples, 2 July 1994) was an Italian art dealer, curator and actor.	Lucio Amelio	Naples
place of birth	Omer Simeon was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, the son of a cigar maker.	Omer Simeon	New Orleans
place of birth	Charles Fredericks (5 Sep 1918 in Columbus, Mississippi -- 14 May 1970 in Sherman Oaks, California) was an American actor of stage, television, and film.	Charles Fredericks	Columbus
place of birth	Vincenzo Marra (born Naples, September 18, 1972) is an Italian filmmaker.	Vincenzo Marra	Naples
place of birth	Seydou Koné (born on 28 March 1983 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian professional football player who currently plays as a striker for Chamois Niortais.	Seydou Koné	Abidjan
place of birth	Meysam Joudaki, (born 3 February 1995 in Tehran) is an Iranian football Defender currently playing for Naft Tehran and formerly playing for Iran national under-19 football team.	Meysam Joudaki	Tehran
place of birth	Johanna Rosaly was born in Santurce, a district of San Juan.	Johanna Rosaly	Santurce
place of birth	Halvdan Ljøsne (31 May 1929, Vågå, Oppland -- 6 February 2006) was a Norwegian painter.	Halvdan Ljøsne	Vågå
place of birth	Claudia Coslovich (born 26 April 1972 in Trieste) is a former Italian athlete who specialized in the javelin throw.	Claudia Coslovich	Trieste
place of birth	Brendan Markey (born 19 May 1976 in Dublin) was an Irish soccer player who plays for Bangor Celtic in the Leinster Senior League.	Brendan Markey	Dublin
place of birth	Marijo Dodik (born 18 February 1974 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian Croat football striker currently playing for NK Mladost Mali Otok.	Marijo Dodik	Sarajevo
place of birth	Engelina, the daughter of Ann-Cathrin and songwriter Henning Larsen, grew up on Bornholm with her two older sisters.	Engelina	Bornholm
place of birth	Born in Independence, Missouri, she was christened Mary Margaret Truman (for her aunt Mary Jane Truman and maternal grandmother Margaret Gates Wallace) but was called Margaret from early childhood.	Margaret Truman	Independence
place of birth	Alexander Macklin was born in 1889 in India, where his father was a doctor.	Alexander Macklin	India
place of birth	Terry Robbins was raised in a Queens County, New York by his mother Olga, a Hunter College alumna, and his father Sam, who worked at a garment factory.	Terry Robbins	Queens
place of birth	Ahmet Hamdi Boyacıoğlu (1920, Bolu -- August 23, 1998) was a Turkish judge.	Ahmet Hamdi Boyacıoğlu	Bolu
place of birth	Alexander Artemev, who goes by the Russian diminutive ``Sasha'', was born August 29, 1985 in Minsk, Belarusian SSR, Soviet Union.	Alexander Artemev	Minsk
place of birth	Teodoro Petkoff Malec (born in Bobures, Zulia State, January 3, 1932) is a Venezuelan politician, ex-guerrilla, journalist and economist.	Teodoro Petkoff	Zulia
place of birth	László Fassang (born December 12, 1973 in Budapest) Hungarian organist, pianist and improviser.	László Fassang	Budapest
place of birth	Dariusz Dudka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈdarjuʐ ˈdutka); born 9 December 1983 in Kostrzyn nad Odrą) is a Polish footballer who plays for Lech Poznań.	Dariusz Dudka	Kostrzyn nad Odrą
place of birth	Věra Klimková (born Věra Leskovjanská on 11 August 1957 in Spišská Nová Ves) was a Czechoslovakian cross country skier who competed from 1982 to 1988.	Věra Klimková	Spišská Nová Ves
place of birth	Born in Brussels, Belgium on November 27, 1900, Léon Barzin was taken to the United States at the age of two.	Léon Barzin	Brussels
place of birth	Alex Surprenant (born September 4, 1989 in Saint-Alexandre, Quebec) is a Canadian soccer player currently unattached.	Alex Surprenant	Saint-Alexandre
place of birth	Zeynep Tokuş (born 1/1/1977 in Ankara) is a Turkish actress and former beauty pageant winner.	Zeynep Tokuş	Ankara
place of birth	Timo Scheider (born 10 November 1978 in Lahnstein) is a German racing driver who competes in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for Audi.	Timo Scheider	Lahnstein
place of birth	Jefferson Maranhão (born August 6, 1993 in Coelho Neto, Maranhão), is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder who currently plays for Jacuipense on loan from Santa Cruz.	Jefferson Maranhão	Coelho Neto
place of birth	Basil Morris was born on 19 December 1888 at East Melbourne, Victoria, to William Edward Morris and Clara Elizabeth, née French.	Basil Morris	East Melbourne
place of birth	Robeilys Peinado (born 26 November 1997 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan athlete whose specialty is pole vaulting.	Robeilys Peinado	Caracas
place of birth	Aleksan Nalbandyan (Armenian: Ալեքսան Նալբանդյան, born April 18, 1971 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian and Russian amateur boxer.	Aleksan Nalbandyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Born in Washington D.C. to archaeologist John Yellen and anthropology professor Alison Brooks, Alexander Yellen attended St. Albans School (Washington, D.C.), graduating in 1999.	Alexander Yellen	Washington D.C.	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Mark Ptashne (born June 5, 1940 in Chicago) is a molecular biologist and violinist.	Mark Ptashne	Chicago
place of birth	Abraham Mateo was born on 25 August 1998 in San Fernando, Cádiz, the younger child of Antonio Mateo, a construction worker and security guard, and Susana Chamorro, a housewife.	Abraham Mateo	San Fernando
place of birth	Mark Charig (born 22 February 1944 in London) is a British trumpeter and cornetist.	Mark Charig	London
place of birth	Kerstin Thiele (born August 26, 1986 in Riesa, German Democratic Republic) is a German judoka and a silver medallist at the Olympic Games 2012 in London.	Kerstin Thiele	Riesa
place of birth	Luis Felipe Noé (Buenos Aires, May 26, 1933) is an Argentine artist, writer, intellectual and teacher.	Luis Felipe Noé	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Augustus Frederic Christopher Kollmann was born in Engelbostel, near Hanover on 21 March 1756.	Augustus Frederic Christopher Kollmann	Engelbostel
place of birth	Joseph Lau Luen Hung (Chinese: 劉鑾雄) (born July 21, 1951 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong real estate investor who owns a 61% stake in Chinese Estates Holdings.	Joseph Lau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Rudulph Evans (February 1, 1878 -- January 16, 1960), sculptor, was born in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Virginia.	Rudulph Evans	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Rita Dove was born in Akron, Ohio, to Ray Dove, the first African-American chemist to work in the U.S. tire industry (as research chemist at Goodyear), and Elvira Hord, who achieved honors in high school and would share her passion for reading with her daughter.	Rita Dove	Akron
place of birth	Born as Hugh Edward Douglas, Jr. in Miami, Florida, Kyan Douglas was raised in Tampa and Tallahassee.	Kyan Douglas	Miami
place of birth	Kevin De Serpa (born May 21, 1980 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player, coach, futsal player, and freestyle footballer,	Kevin De Serpa	Toronto
place of birth	Cecilia Vianini (born 19 November 1976 in Verona) is an Italian former freestyle swimmer.	Cecilia Vianini	Verona
place of birth	Daniella Sya (born Daniella Sya Yeng Yeng on 8 August 1988 in Kedah), Raised in Kuala Lumpur is a Malaysian actress, television presenter, model and radio announcer on Singapore's Lush 99.5FM.	Daniella Sya	Kuala Lumpur
place of birth	Zou You (Chinese: 邹游)(born on September 22, 1985) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese League One division.	Zou You	Dalian
place of birth	Janko Konstantinov, (Macedonian: Јанко Константинов; born 18 January 1926 in Bitola, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, died 2010) is a Macedonian architect and artist.	Janko Konstantinov	Bitola
place of birth	In 1953, Susan Fennell was born Susan Biefer in Saint-Laurent, a borough of Montreal, Quebec.	Susan Fennell	Saint-Laurent
place of birth	James Dean was born at the Seven Gables apartment house at the corner of 4th Street and McClure Street in Marion, Indiana, the son of Winton Dean (January 17, 1907 -- February 21, 1995) and Mildred Marie Wilson (September 15, 1910 -- July 14, 1940).	James Dean	Marion
place of birth	Sir Anthony Ughtred was the third son of Sir Robert Ughtred (c.1428--c.1487) of Kexby, Yorkshire and Katherine, daughter of Sir William Eure of Stokesley, Yorkshire.	Anthony Ughtred	Kexby
place of birth	Born Mari-Alice Randall in Detroit, Michigan, she grew up in Washington, D.C..	Alice Randall	Detroit
place of birth	Chief Buffalo Child Long Lance (December 1, 1890 -- March 20, 1932), born Sylvester Clark Long, was an American journalist, writer and actor from Winston-Salem, North Carolina who became internationally prominent as a spokesman for Indian causes.	Chief Buffalo Child Long Lance	Winston-Salem
place of birth	Angie Harmon was born on August 10, 1972, in Highland Park, Texas, the daughter of Daphne Demar (née Caravageli) and Lawrence Paul ``Larry'' Harmon, a hospital information-network executive in Dallas.	Angie Harmon	Highland Park, Texas
place of birth	Michael Carbajal (born September 17, 1967 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American five-time world boxing champion of Mexican descent.	Michael Carbajal	Phoenix
place of birth	Ofira Navon was born in Tel Aviv, to Batya and Eliezer Resnikov, Prisoners of Zion from Russia.	Ofira Navon	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Kirsikka Saari, (born in 1973) in Helsinki, is a Finnish film maker and screenwriter.	Kirsikka Saari	Helsinki
place of birth	Christian Pander (born 28 August 1983 in Münster) is a German footballer who plays as a left back.	Christian Pander	Münster
place of birth	Payam Dehkordi (born 10 May 1977, Shahrekord) is an Iranian theater and film actor and director.	Payam Dehkordi	Shahrekord
place of birth	Jung Doo-hong was born in 1966 in Chilsan-ri, Imcheon-myeon, Buyeo County, South Chungcheong Province, the youngest of seven siblings.	Jung Doo-hong	Buyeo County
place of birth	Ulli Kaden (born March 9, 1959 in Munich) is a former East German amateur boxer best known for winning the European title 1987 and 1989 at super heavyweight.	Ulli Kaden	Munich
place of birth	He was born in Sussex, New Brunswick, the son of William Pugsley, of United Empire Loyalist descent, and Frances Jane Hayward.	William Pugsley	Sussex, New Brunswick
place of birth	Francesco Acquaviva (1665 at Naples -- 1723) was an Italian Cardinal.	Francesco Acquaviva	Naples
place of birth	Pausias (Greek: Παυσίας) was an ancient Greek painter of the first half of the 4th century, of the school of Sicyon.	Pausias	Sicyon
place of birth	Gordon Mumma (born March 30, 1935, in Framingham, Massachusetts) is an American composer.	Gordon Mumma	Framingham
place of birth	Duccio Malagamba (born 1960, in La Spezia, Liguria) is an Italian architectural photographer.	Duccio Malagamba	La Spezia
place of birth	Attila László (born 10 July 1953 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian jazz guitarist and composer.	Attila László	Kaposvár
place of birth	Evan Brewer (born September 23, 1981) is an American bass player from Nashville, Tennessee.	Evan Brewer	Nashville
place of birth	Stanley Houghton was born at 1 Amy Villas, Doveston Road, Ashton-upon-Mersey, Sale, which was then in Cheshire, the only son of John Hartley Houghton, a cotton merchant in Manchester, and Lucy Mary née Darbyshire.	Stanley Houghton	Ashton-upon-Mersey
place of birth	Born Bruno Mario Lavezzi in Milan into a bourgeois family, he studied piano and guitar at the Scuola Civica di Milano.	Mario Lavezzi	Milan
place of birth	Karol Šmidke (born January 21, 1897, Vítkovice (Ostrava), Margraviate of Moravia - December 15, 1952) was a Slovak politician, member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.	Karol Šmidke	Vítkovice
place of birth	Henri Joseph Brugère (Uzerche, 27 June 1841 - Lautaret, 31 August 1918) was a French general.	Joseph Brugère	Uzerche
place of birth	Ruben Svensson (born 28 November 1953 in Karlskoga) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a right back.	Ruben Svensson	Karlskoga
place of birth	Iwan Fals (born Virgiawan Listanto; 3 September 1961 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian singer--songwriter.	Iwan Fals	Jakarta
place of birth	Roman Jurko (born 25 January 1983 in Košice) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the 3.	Roman Jurko	Košice
place of birth	Boualem Bensaïd (Arabic: أبو عالم بن سعيد‎) (born November 11, 1967 in Algiers) is an Algerian member of GIA, an Islamic terrorist organization.	Boualem Bensaïd	Algiers
place of birth	Vitor Coutinho Flora, known as Vitor Flora (born 21 February 1990 São Joaquim da Barra) is an Italo-Brazilian footballer, who plays as a striker and attacking midfielder for Atletico Monte Azul in the Paulista Serie A2.	Vitor Coutinho Flora	São Joaquim da Barra
place of birth	Robert Neil Hardwick (born July 22, 1948 in Teversal, Sutton-in-Ashfield, England) is a British-born Finnish theatre and TV director and writer.	Neil Hardwick	Teversal
place of birth	Israel Matz (Hebrew:ישראל מץ) was born in Kalvarija, Lithuania in 1869, and died in New York in 1950.	Israel Matz	Kalvarija
place of birth	Al Gregg (born 9 June 1963 in West Brompton, London) is an English actor, writer and musician who has appeared in a variety of theatre, television, film, commercials and voice overs.	Al Gregg	West Brompton
place of birth	Suzanne Paradis (b Quebec City, Quebec 27 October 1936) is a Canadian poet, novelist and critic based in Quebec.	Suzanne Paradis	Quebec City
place of birth	Peter Barakan was born and raised in London by a Jewish father of Polish ancestry and an Anglo-Burmese mother.	Peter Barakan	London
place of birth	Dilshod Aripov (Uzbek: Дильшод Арипов; born May 20, 1977 in Tashkent) is an amateur Uzbekistani Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the men's lightweight category.	Dilshod Aripov	Tashkent
place of birth	Farid Guliyev (Azerbaijani: Fərid Quliyev; born 6 January 1986 in Baku), Azerbaijani footballer (striker) who plays for Yozgatspor.	Farid Guliyev	Baku
place of birth	Sarmistha Pritam is an (Assamese: শৰ্মিষ্ঠা প্ৰীতম) Assamese writer, born on 18 December 1985 at Phuloguri, Nagaon, Assam.	Sarmistha Pritam	Nagaon
place of birth	Anette Rückes (born 19 December 1951 in Bad Marienberg, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.	Anette Rückes	Bad Marienberg
place of birth	Giuseppe D'Urso (born September 15, 1969 in Catania) is a former Italian 800 metres runner.	Giuseppe D'Urso	Catania
place of birth	Pulkit Samrat was born and brought up in a Punjabi joint family in Shalimar Bagh, Delhi, where his family has its real estate business.	Pulkit Samrat	Delhi
place of birth	Ortwin Linger (17 September 1967 in Paramaribo -- 10 June 1989 in Paramaribo) was a Dutch-Surinamese footballer.	Ortwin Linger	Paramaribo
place of birth	Born in Askim, Gothenburg, Caroline Larsson began writing songs when she was 16-17 years old.	Caroline Larsson	Gothenburg
place of birth	Ozan Güven (born 19 May 1975 in Nuremberg) is a Turkish film, TV series and theatre actor.	Ozan Güven	Nuremberg
place of birth	Mattias Nilsson (born 19 February 1982 in Brunflo, near Östersund) is a former Swedish biathlete.	Mattias Nilsson	Östersund
place of birth	John William Behnken (March 19, 1884, in Cypress, Texas -- February 23, 1968) was president of the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod from 1935 to 1962.	John William Behnken	Texas
place of birth	Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku)), (Lisbon, 25 May 1691 - Lisbon, 21 July 1742) was a Portuguese infante (prince) son of Peter II, King of Portugal, and his second wife, Maria Sofia of the Palatinate.	Infante Francisco, Duke of Beja	Lisbon
place of birth	Eliot Shapleigh (born November 11, 1952) is a politician from the state of Texas, who represented the state's 29th Senatorial District, which comprises the majority of El Paso County, from 1997 to 2011.	Eliot Shapleigh	El Paso
place of birth	During Dnyaneshwar's visit to Paithan, to obtain a certificate of purification, he was confronted with a man who violently lashed at an old buffalo.	Dnyaneshwar	Paithan
place of birth	Fredrik Ekblom (born 6 October 1970) is a Swedish race car driver from Kumla.	Fredrik Ekblom	Kumla
place of birth	Sonia Shah (born 1969 in New York City, United States) is an American investigative journalist and author noted for her articles on corporate power - especially with respect to agriculture, oil and pharmaceutical industries - and on gender equality with specific reference to issues that affect developing countries.	Sonia Shah	New York City
place of birth	Born in Massachusetts to William Beach and Lucy Tucker, John Beach enlisted in the U.S. Army during his late teens and graduated from the West Point Military Academy on July 1, 1832.	John Beach	Massachusetts
place of birth	Jorge Amor Ameal (born Berazategui, Buenos Aires, 1948), is an Argentinian businessman, and is president of Boca Juniors.	Jorge Amor Ameal	Berazategui
place of birth	Hank Greenberg was born Hyman Greenberg on January 1, 1911, in Greenwich Village, New York City to Romanian-born Jewish immigrant parents David and Sarah Greenberg, who owned a successful cloth-shrinking plant in New York.	Hank Greenberg	New York City
place of birth	Alan Cinis (born 10 August 1960 in Orange, New South Wales), an Australian politician and actor, is a Councillor on Leichhardt Council, Sydney, New South Wales representing the NSW Greens since 2008.	Alan Cinis	Orange
place of birth	Heikki Kinnunen (born 8 April 1946, in Raahe) is a Finnish actor, who became well known in the beginning of the 1970s in the comedy program Ällitälli.	Heikki Kinnunen	Raahe
place of birth	Benjamin Waterhouse (March 4, 1754, Newport, Rhode Island -- October 2, 1846, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was a physician, co-founder and professor of Harvard Medical School.	Benjamin Waterhouse	Newport
place of birth	Angela McHale (born 1972 in London, England) is an English actress and comedian, particularly well known for her variety of British television roles including roles in Not Going Out, The Catherine Tate Show and Grange Hill.	Angela McHale	London
place of birth	Danny Lopes (born August 6, 1982, in Livingston, New Jersey) is an actor and model.	Danny Lopes	Livingston
place of birth	René Menard (2 March 1605 in Paris - August 1661) was a French Jesuit missionary explorer who traveled to Canada in 1641, learned the language of the Wyandot, and was soon in charge of many of the satellite missions around Sainte-Marie among the Hurons.	René Menard	Paris
place of birth	Guglielmo Scilla (Rome, November 26, 1987) is an Italian actor and writer.	Guglielmo Scilla	Rome
place of birth	Francesco Filidei (born in 1973 in Pisa) is an Italian organist and composer, student of Salvatore Sciarrino.	Francesco Filidei	Pisa
place of birth	Mary Robinette Kowal (born February 8, 1969 in Raleigh, N.C., as Mary Robinette Harrison) is an American author and puppeteer.	Mary Robinette Kowal	Raleigh
place of birth	Abhishek Das (born 15 November 1993 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Right back for East Bengal in the I-League.	Abhishek Das	Kolkata
place of birth	Aiden Turner was born in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, and attended local Catholic schools (St Joseph's, St Hugh's, and St Edmund's College, Ware).	Aiden Turner	Welwyn Garden City
place of birth	René Tinner (born February 18, 1953 in St. Gallen) is a Swiss recording engineer and producer, who has produced over 200 studio records and numerous live-performances.	René Tinner	St. Gallen
place of birth	Marinus van der Lubbe was born in Leiden in the province of South Holland.	Marinus van der Lubbe	Leiden
place of birth	Adri Nital was born in Jaipur, India, the son of vampire hunter Taj Nital.	Adri Nital	Jaipur
place of birth	Erik Truffaz (Chêne-Bougeries, 3 April 1960 in Switzerland) is a French jazz trumpeter, infusing elements of hip hop, rock and roll and dance music into his compositions.	Erik Truffaz	Chêne-Bougeries
place of birth	Hans-Jürgen Döscher (born November 18, 1943 Eberswalde, Province of Brandenburg) is a German historian.	Hans-Jürgen Döscher	Eberswalde
place of birth	Veerendra was like a brother to Dharmendra as Dharmendra was not only born in Phagwara at the same home as Veerendra but he also completed his education while staying with the family of Veerendra.	Veerendra	Phagwara
place of birth	Caroline Gennez (Dutch pronunciation: (kɑroːˈlin ʒəˈneː); 21 August 1975 in Sint-Truiden) is a Belgian socialist politician and a former chairwoman of the Socialist Party --	Caroline Gennez	Sint-Truiden
place of birth	Ma Shuai (Chinese: 马帅; born 16 February 1985 in Dalian, Liaoning, China) is a Chinese footballer.	Ma Shuai	Dalian
place of birth	Aaron Cohen-Gadol (Cohen) was born in a Conservative Jewish family in Tehran, Iran.	Aaron Cohen-Gadol	Tehran
place of birth	John George Haigh was born in Stamford, Lincolnshire, and grew up in the village of Outwood, West Riding of Yorkshire.	John George Haigh	Stamford
place of birth	Metodyj Trochanovskij (Методий Трохановский; May 5, 1885, Binczarowa - February 15, 1948, Wroclaw), was a Lemko activist and teacher.	Metodyj Trochanovskij	Binczarowa
place of death	In 1764 Adolph Murray became a student in Uppsala, and soon became devoted to anatomy.	Adolph Murray	Uppsala
place of death	Paulinus of St. Bartholomew(b. at Hof am Leithaberge in Lower Austria, 25 April 1748; d. in Rome, 7 January 1806) was an Austrian Carmelite missionary and Orientalist.	Paulinus of St. Bartholomew	Rome
place of death	Morvan Marchal (31 July 1900, Vitré, Ille-et-Vilaine -- 13 August 1963, Paris), is the Breton name of Maurice Marchal, an architect and a militant Breton nationalist.	Morvan Marchal	Paris
place of death	On March 23, 2001, while waiting for a city bus in Queens, New York, Sully Boyar died of a heart attack in the arms of Billy Viola, aged 76.	Sully Boyar	Queens
place of death	Arnold Drake was the third child of Max Druckman, a Manhattan furniture dealer who died in June 1966 at his home in Forest Hills, Queens, New York City, and Pearl Cohen.	Arnold Drake	New York City
place of death	Ellis Cornelia Knight (1757 -- 17 December 1837, Paris) was a writer and painter who socialized with many of the notable personalities of the late reign of George III:	Cornelia Knight	Paris
place of death	Carl Heinrich Wilhelm Hagen (Dietersheim-Dottenheim, 10 October 1810 -- Bern, 24 January 1868), also Karl Hagen, was a German historian and member of the Frankfurt Parliament.	Carl Heinrich Wilhelm Hagen	Bern
place of death	Maties Palau Ferré (1921--2000) was a painter from Montblanc, Catalonia, Spain.	Maties Palau Ferré	Montblanc
place of death	General Gérard Charles Édouard Thériault, CMM, CD (born Gaspé, Quebec, Canada on June 5, 1932 -- died October 13, 1998 in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada) was Chief of the Defence Staff between 1983 and 1986.	Gérard Charles Édouard Thériault	Victoria
place of death	Mateo de la Mata Ponce de León (sometimes Mateo de la Mata y Ponce de León) (b. Requena, Valencia, Spain; d. November 16, 1720, Lima) was a Spanish colonial official in Peru.	Mateo de la Mata Ponce de León	Lima
place of death	Dorothea Maria Graff (1678 -- 1743) was an 18th-century painter from Germany, who lived and worked in Amsterdam, and Saint Petersburg.	Dorothea Maria Graff	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Saro Urzì, (born Rosario Urzì, February 24, 1913 in Catania -- November 1, 1979 in San Giuseppe Vesuviano) was an Italian actor.	Saro Urzì	San Giuseppe Vesuviano
place of death	Heinrich Maier, DDr., born February 16, 1908 in Großweikersdorf, was executed on March 22, 1945 as the last victim of Hitler's régime in Vienna.	Heinrich Maier	Vienna
place of death	Florian Fricke (23 February 1944 in Lindau am Bodensee, Germany -- 29 December 2001 in Munich) was a German musician who started his professional career with electronic music using the Moog synthesizer within the Krautrock group Popol Vuh.	Florian Fricke	Munich
place of death	Pál Tomori was elected commander-in-chief (jointly with György Szapolyai) of the Hungarian army in the battle of Mohács in 1526.	Pál Tomori	Mohács
place of death	Andrés Cavo (1739, Guadalajara -- 1803, Rome) was a Jesuit and historian of New Spain.	Andrés Cavo	Rome
place of death	Habibullah Khan (June 3, 1872 -- February 20, 1919) was the Emir of Afghanistan from 1901 until 1919.	Habibullah Khan	Afghanistan
place of death	Daniel Ducarme (8 March 1954, Liège -- 28 August 2010) was a Belgian politician and former Minister-President of the Brussels-Capital Region.	Daniel Ducarme	Brussels
place of death	Jean-Jacques de Mesmes, comte d'Avaux (1640, Paris -- 9 January 1688, Paris) was a French magistrate, intendant of Soissons, and Président à mortier of the Parliament of Paris.	Jean-Jacques de Mesmes	Paris
place of death	Pieter Isaacsz (1569, Helsingør -- September 14, 1625, Amsterdam), was a Danish-born Dutch Golden Age painter.	Pieter Isaacsz	Amsterdam
place of death	Rupert Emerson (August 20, 1899, in Rye, NY -- February 9, 1979, in Cambridge, MA) was a professor of political science and international relations.	Rupert Emerson	Cambridge
place of death	Tebbutt was born at Windsor, New South Wales, the only son of John Tebbutt, then a prosperous store keeper.	John Tebbutt	Windsor
place of death	Fred Bedford (born 25 June 1902) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside right for Lancaster Town, Tranmere Rovers and Morecambe.	Fred Bedford	Morecambe
place of death	Eduard Sandifort (born November 14, 1742 in Dordrecht, d. February 12, 1814 in Leiden) was a Dutch physician and anatomist.	Eduard Sandifort	Leiden
place of death	Erwin Griswold died on November 19, 1994, in Boston, at the age of 90.	Erwin Griswold	Boston
place of death	Ettore Fieramosca or Ferramosca (Capua, 1476 -- Valladolid, 20 January 1515) was an Italian condottiero and nobleman during the Italian Wars.	Ettore Fieramosca	Valladolid
place of death	Willem Eggert, (Amsterdam, 1360 - Purmerend, 15 July 1417) was a Dutch politician, noble, banker and schepen of Amsterdam.	Willem Eggert	Purmerend
place of death	Paolo Orsi (Rovereto, October 17, 1859 -- November 8, 1935) was an Italian archaeologist and classicist.	Paolo Orsi	Rovereto
place of death	Born Kurt Lilienthal into a Jewish family, Lilien would be arrested and sent to Sobibór extermination camp by the Nazis where he died in 1943.	Kurt Lilien	Sobibór extermination camp
place of death	Hsissen died in Tunis on September 29, 1958, after a long bout of lung disease.	Hsissen	Tunis
place of death	Melchior Josef Martin Knüsel (November 16, 1813 - January 15, 1889) was a Swiss politician from Lucerne, member of the Swiss Federal Council (1855-1875).	Melchior Josef Martin Knüsel	Lucerne
place of death	Joaquín Zavala Solís (30 November 1835 Managua -- 30 December 1906 Managua) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1879 to 1 March 1883 and from 16 to 25 July 1893.	Joaquín Zavala	Managua
place of death	Henri Collet (French: (kɔlɛ); November 5, 1885 -- November 23, 1951) was a French composer and music critic who lived in Paris.	Henri Collet	Paris
place of death	Auguste Orts was a Lawyer, magistrate, professor at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and alderman of Brussels.	Auguste Orts	Brussels
place of death	Ivar Karl Ugi (September 9, 1930 in Saaremaa, Estonia - 29 September 2005 in Munich) was an Estonian-born German chemist who made major contributions to organic chemistry.	Ivar Karl Ugi	Munich
place of death	August Sang (27 July 1914 in Pärnu -- 14 October 1969 in Tallinn) was an Estonian poet and literary translator.	August Sang	Tallinn
place of death	Selma Urfer (born 30 March 1928 in Bern, Switzerland; died 2 May 2013 in Munich) was a Swiss author, translator and actress.	Selma Urfer	Munich
place of death	Carmelo Arden Quin (Rivera, Uruguay, March 16, 1913 -- Savigny-sur-Orge, France, September 27, 2010) was a Uruguayan artist.	Carmelo Arden Quin	Savigny-sur-Orge
place of death	Francesco Lorenzi (Mazzurega near Verona, 1723 - February 12, 1787) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period.	Francesco Lorenzi	Verona
place of death	Gilbert Bettman (October 3, 1881 - July 1942) was an American politician of the Ohio Republican party.	Gilbert Bettman	Ohio
place of death	Juan Gil de Hontañón (Rasines, Cantabria 1480 -- Salamanca, May 11, 1526) was a master builder and Trasmeran mason of Spain during the 16th century.	Juan Gil de Hontañón	Salamanca
place of death	Enrico De Pedis (May 15, 1954 − February 2, 1990) was an Italian criminal and one of the bosses of the Banda della Magliana, an Italian criminal organization based in the city of Rome, particularly active throughout the late 1970s until the early 1990s.	Enrico De Pedis	Rome
place of death	Anton Niklas Sundberg (27 May 1818, Uddevalla -- 2 February 1900) was a Lutheran clergyman, and the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala 1870--1900.	Anton Niklas Sundberg	Uppsala
place of death	Edward Janczewski (Edward Franciszek Janczewski-Glinka) (b. 14 December 1846 in Blinstrubiszki, Samogitia, d. 17 July 1918 in Kraków) was a Polish biologist (taxonomist, anatomist, and morphologist), rector of the Jagiellonian University, and member of the Academy of Learning.	Edward Janczewski	Kraków
place of death	Pierre de Brézé (or de Brezé) (born c. 1410; died 16 July 1465 in the Battle of Montlhéry, France) was a French soldier and courtier in the service of King Charles VII.	Pierre de Brézé	Battle of Montlhéry
place of death	In his later years, Abdelkebir Khatibi had been suffering from a chronic cardiac condition which led to his death in the Moroccan capital, Rabat, five weeks after his 71st birthday.	Abdelkebir Khatibi	Rabat
place of death	Stefan Askenase died in Bonn on October 18, 1985, shortly after giving a concert in Cologne.	Stefan Askenase	Bonn
place of death	Jacques Fouques-Duparc (4 March 1897 in Paris -- 2 August 1966) was a French diplomat and writer.	Jacques Fouques-Duparc	Paris
place of death	Adolfo Bioy Casares was born in Buenos Aires, the grandson of a wealthy landowner and dairy processor, and the descendant of Patrick Lynch, a successful Irish emigrant.	Adolfo Bioy Casares	Buenos Aires
place of death	Liane Bahler (22 January 1982 in Gotha -- 4 July 2007 in Rudolstadt) was a German professional racing cyclist.	Liane Bahler	Rudolstadt
place of death	Maurits Gysseling (Oudenburg, 7 September 1919 -- Ghent, 24 November 1997) was an influential Belgian researcher into historical linguistics and paleography.	Maurits Gysseling	Ghent
place of death	Hacı Mehmet Zorlu (1919 in Babadağ, Denizli -- May 7, 2005 in Istanbul) was the founder of Zorlu Holding, one of the biggest group of companies in Turkey.	Hacı Mehmet Zorlu	Istanbul
place of death	Paul Leo (* January 9, 1893 in Göttingen; † February 10, 1958 in Dubuque, Iowa) was a German Lutheran pastor and theologian.	Paul Leo	Dubuque
place of death	As resident general, Lucien Saint invited the sultan of Morocco, Moulay Mohammed (later Mohammed V), his grand vizier and his interpreter to Marignac on 26 July 1929 as part of their stay in Bagnères-de-Luchon, and their signatures in Arabic script are in the town's register.	Lucien Saint	Marignac
place of death	Baltasar Porcel i Pujol (Catalan pronunciation: (bəɫtəˈza porˈsɛɫ); Andratx, Majorca, March 14, 1937 -- Barcelona, July 1, 2009) was a Spanish writer, journalist and literary critic.	Baltasar Porcel	Barcelona
place of death	Rita Atria (Partanna, September 4, 1974 - Rome, July 26, 1992) was a witness in a major Mafia investigation in Sicily, breaking the Omertà - code of silence.	Rita Atria	Rome
place of death	Agnes de Mille was born in New York City into a well-connected family of theater professionals.	Agnes de Mille	New York City
place of death	Edvard Bergenheim, previously Bergenhem (September 18, 1798 in Vaasa, Sweden -- February 19, 1884 in Turku, Grand Duchy of Finland) was the Archbishop of Turku and the spiritual head of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland between 1850 and 1884.	Edvard Bergenheim	Turku
place of death	Baron Leopold Julian Kronenberg (1849 in Warsaw -- 1937 in Warsaw) was a Polish banker.	Leopold Julian Kronenberg	Warsaw
place of death	Denys Puech (3 December 1854, Gavernac, Bozouls, Aveyron -- December 1942, Rodez, Aveyron) was a French sculptor.	Denys Puech	Rodez
place of death	Laurie Dann (née Wasserman; October 18, 1957 -- May 20, 1988) was an American murderer who shot and killed one boy and wounded two girls and three boys in a Winnetka, Illinois elementary school.	Laurie Dann	Winnetka
place of death	Alexandru Proca (October 16, 1897, Bucharest -- December 13, 1955, Paris) was a Romanian physicist who studied and worked in France.	Alexandru Proca	Paris
place of death	In 1904, at her estate in the village of Olenevka in Vasylkiv county of Kiev Governorate, Varvara Tereshchenko organized a craft school for the children.	Varvara Tereshchenko	Kiev
place of death	Aaron Corthen, better known as A.C. Reed (May 9, 1926 -- February 24, 2004) was an American blues saxophonist, closely associated with the Chicago blues scene from the 1940s into the 2000s.	A.C. Reed	Chicago
place of death	Salomon Idler (11 February 1610 in Cannstatt -- probably 1669 in Augsburg) was a German shoemaker, who is best known for his attempt to become an aviation pioneer.	Salomon Idler	Augsburg
place of death	Ralph Ince died on April 10, 1937 when a car his wife was driving struck an iron standard near their residence in the Kensington district of London, England.	Ralph Ince	London
place of death	A basilica in Rome is called Santa Pudenziana and Pudentiana had a commemoration in the General Roman Calendar on 19 May until its 1969 revision.	Pudentiana	Rome
place of death	Antônio do Carmo Cheuiche (Caçapava do Sul, June 13, 1927 -- Ivoti, October 14, 2009) was the Brazilian Auxiliary Bishop of Santa Maria (1969--1971) and Porto Alegre (1971--2001).	Antônio do Carmo Cheuiche	Ivoti
place of death	Dimitar Nenov (Bulgarian: Димитър Ненов; December 19, 1901 in Razgrad -- August 30, 1953 in Sofia) was a Bulgarian classical pianist, composer, music pedagogue and architect.	Dimitar Nenov	Sofia
place of death	Rezső Kókai (Hungarian: Kókai Rezső; 15 January 1906 in Budapest -- 6 March 1962 in Budapest) was a Hungarian composer and musicologist.	Rezső Kókai	Budapest
place of death	Hans Seyffer, also known as Hans Seyfer or Hans of Heilbronn (c.1460--1509), was a stone sculptor and wood carver of the late Gothic style.	Hans Seyffer	Heilbronn
place of death	Suzanne Kaaren died from pneumonia in Englewood, New Jersey, in 2004, aged 92.	Suzanne Kaaren	Englewood
place of death	Pedro Sernagiotto, also known as Pietro Sernagiotto or Ministrinho (born November 17, 1908 in São Paulo; died April 5, 1965 in São Paulo) was an Italian Brazilian professional football player.	Pedro Sernagiotto	São Paulo
place of death	Guillaume Massieu (13 April 1665, Caen -- 26 September 1722, Paris) was a French churchman, translator and poet, best known for his Latin verses in praise of the agreeability and benefits of coffee.	Guillaume Massieu	Paris
place of death	Abraham Bing (1752--1841) was the Oberrabbiner (Chief Rabbi) of Würzburg.	Abraham Bing	Würzburg
place of death	Brigitte Horney (29 March 1911 in Dahlem, Berlin -- 27 July 1988 in Hamburg) was a German theatre and film actress.	Brigitte Horney	Hamburg
place of death	Gaston Bogaert (1918 in Le Mans -- 2008 in Etterbeek) is a Belgian painter.	Gaston Bogaert	Etterbeek
place of death	Camilla Marazzi (26 April 1885 in Lugano, Switzerland - October 1911 in Rome) was an Italian artist who died at a young age.	Camilla Marazzi	Rome
place of death	Ron Haydock (April 17, 1940, Chicago, Illinois -- August 14, 1977, Victorville, California) was an American actor, screenwriter, novelist and rock musician.	Ron Haydock	Victorville
place of death	Arnold Korff (2 August 1870, Vienna -- 2 June 1944, New York City) was an Austrian-born Hollywood actor and director.	Arnold Korff	New York City
place of death	Bernhard VIII, Count of Lippe (born 6 December 1527 in Detmold; died: 15 April 1563 in Detmold) was from 1547 until his death in 1563 ruling the County of Lippe.	Bernhard VIII, Count of Lippe	Detmold
place of death	Philipp Hafner (September 27, 1735 (some sources say 1731) - July 30, 1764) was an Austrian farce writer, born in Vienna.	Philipp Hafner	Vienna
place of death	Gabriel Andral (6 November 1797 -- 13 February 1876) was a distinguished French pathologist and a professor at the University of Paris.	Gabriel Andral	Paris
place of death	Benjamin David ``Ben'' Bowen (November 14, 2002 -- February 25, 2005), commonly called Big Ben Bowen, was a boy from Huntington, West Virginia, who was diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour in 2004.	Ben Bowen	Huntington
place of death	Roger-Philippe Menu (born 30 June 1948, died 4 February 2013 in Lille) is a retired French swimmer who won two silver medals in the 4×100 m medley relay and 100 m breaststroke at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships; he finished sixth in the 200 m breaststroke.	Roger-Philippe Menu	Lille
place of death	Carlos Maggi (August 5, 1922, Montevideo, Uruguay -- May 15, 2015, Montevideo, Uruguay) was a Uruguayan lawyer, playwright, journalist and writer.	Carlos Maggi	Montevideo
place of death	Jakob Friedrich Kleinknecht (8 April 1722 in Ulm - 11 August 1794 in Ansbach) was a German composer, flutists and Kapellmeister.	Jakob Friedrich Kleinknecht	Ansbach
place of death	Albín Brunovský (25 December 1935, Zohor, Czechoslovakia -- 20 January 1997, Bratislava, Slovakia) was a Slovak painter, graphic artist, lithographer, illustrator and pedagogue, considered one of the greatest Slovak painters of the 20th century.	Albín Brunovský	Bratislava
place of death	Atanasie Anghel Popa, (? - † 19 August 1713, Alba Iulia) was a Romanian Greek-Catholic bishop of Alba Iulia between 1698 and 1713.	Atanasie Anghel	Alba Iulia
place of death	After spending 57 of his 74 years working with submersibles, John Philip Holland died on 12 August 1914 in Newark, New Jersey.	John Philip Holland	Newark
place of death	Felix Manz (also Felix Mantz) (c. 1498 -- 5 January 1527) was a co-founder of the original Swiss Brethren Anabaptist congregation in Zürich, Switzerland, and the first martyr of the Radical Reformation.	Felix Manz	Zürich
place of death	Zhang Ren was from Shu Commandery (蜀郡; around present-day Chengdu, Sichuan) in Yi Province (益州; covering present-day Sichuan and Chongqing).	Zhang Ren	Chengdu
place of death	Terence De Marney died in 1971, aged 63, after an accidental fall in front of a train in the London Underground.	Terence De Marney	London
place of death	William Le Lacheur (15 October 1802 Forest, Guernsey, Channel Islands -- 27 June 1863, London), was a Guernsey sea captain who played an important role in the economic and spiritual development of the Central American country of Costa Rica.	William Le Lacheur	London
place of death	Connie Clausen (born Constance Clausen on June 11, 1923, in Menasha, Wisconsin, and died September 7, 1997, in New York City) was an actress, author, and literary agent.	Connie Clausen	New York City
place of death	Abbas el Hocine Bencheikh called Sheikh Abbas (Mila Algeria 1912-Paris 3 May 1989), was an Algerian diplomat, a cleric a writer, and the rector of the Muslim Institute and the Great Mosque of Paris until his death.	Sheikh Abbas	Paris
place of death	On November 10, 2013 John Matchefts died in the city where he spent so much of his coaching career, Colorado Springs.	John Matchefts	Colorado Springs
place of death	A member of the Albani family, Gian Girolamo Albani was born in Bergamo on January 3, 1509, the son of Count Francesco Albani.	Gian Girolamo Albani	Bergamo
place of death	Heinz Jungclausen was shot down by British fighters on 26 December 1944 over Boppard, Germany.	Heinz Jungclausen	Boppard
place of death	Josef Mach (25 February 1909 in Prostějov -- 7 July 1987 in Prague) was a Czech actor, screenwriter and film director.	Josef Mach	Prague
place of death	Berthold of Hanover (died 24 July 1198) was a German Cistercian and Bishop of Livonia, who met his death in a crusade against the pagan Livonians.	Berthold of Hanover	Livonia
place of death	According to the ``History of Australian Theatre'' archives, American actress Minnie Tittell Brune made her first appearance in Australia on 21 September 1904 at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney in the play Sunday, supported by Roy Redgrave.	Roy Redgrave	Sydney
place of death	Jean Nocret (December 1615/17, Nancy- November 1672, Paris) was a French painter who is best known for his portraits of the French Royal Family.	Jean Nocret	Paris
place of death	Luigi Fontana Russo (Trapani, January 15, 1868 - Trapani, 1953) was an Italian economist and lecturer.	Luigi Fontana Russo	Trapani
place of death	Coenraet Decker (1650 in Amsterdam -- 1685 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver.	Coenraet Decker	Amsterdam
place of death	Carol Telbisz (Hungarian: Telbisz Károly, German: Karl Telbisz, Romanian: Carol Telbisz, Bulgarian: Карол Телбиз) (1853 -- 14 July 1914) was an Austro-Hungarian public figure of Banat Bulgarian origin and a long-time Mayor of Temesvár (modern Timișoara, Romania).	Carol Telbisz	Timișoara
place of death	Nicolas de Grigny was born in 1672 in Reims in the parish of Saint-Pierre-Le-Vieil.	Nicolas de Grigny	Reims
place of death	With over 200 films to his credit, Lionel Banks (born June 22, 1901, Salt Lake City, Utah - died March 20, 1950, Los Angeles, California) was a hard-working art director from 1935 to 1949.	Lionel Banks	Los Angeles
place of death	Paul Friedrich Meyerheim (13 July 1842, Berlin -- 14 September 1915, Berlin) was a German painter and graphic artist.	Paul Friedrich Meyerheim	Berlin
place of death	Eugenio Miccini (b. Florence 1925 -- d. Florence 2007) was an Italian artist and writer, considered to be one of the fathers of Italian visual poetry.	Eugenio Miccini	Florence
place of death	Dan Fellows Platt (June 10, 1873 -- December 16, 1937) was an archeologist, author, art collector and the Mayor of Englewood, New Jersey from 1904 to 1905.	Dan Fellows Platt	Englewood
place of death	Gaetano Moroni was an Italian writer on the history and contemporary structure of the Catholic Church and an official of the papal court in Rome.	Gaetano Moroni	Rome
place of death	Pacello da Mercogliano (c. 1455--1534) was a designer of gardens and hydraulic engineer, who is documented as working for Charles VIII at Amboise with the responsibility of bringing water from the Loire up to the garden parterres laid out to one side of the château.	Pacello da Mercogliano	Amboise
place of death	Nathaniel Head (May 20, 1828 -- November 12, 1883), also known as Natt Head, was an American construction material supplier and Republican politician from Hooksett, New Hampshire.	Nathaniel Head	Hooksett, New Hampshire
place of death	Wacław Michał Zaleski (8 September 1799 in Olesko, eastern Galicia -- 24 February 1849 in Vienna), pseudonym Wacław from Olesko (Polish: Wacław z Oleska), was a Polish poet, writer, researcher of folklore, theatre critic, political activist, and governor of Galicia (1848).	Wacław Michał Zaleski	Vienna
place of death	James Trainer (born 7 January 1863, Wrexham - died 5 August 1915, Paddington, Central London, England) was a Welsh association football player of the Victorian era.	James Trainer	Paddington
place of death	Jackson de Figueiredo Martins (born 9 October 1891 in Aracaju, Brazil - died 4 November 1928 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) was a Brazilian lawyer, intellectual and journalist.	Jackson de Figueiredo	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Giulia Tofana (also spelled Toffana, Tophana) (died in Rome, July 1659) was an Italian professional poisoner.	Giulia Tofana	Rome
place of death	He died later that day at the Cooley Dickinson Hospital in Northampton, Massachusetts, survived by his wife Lois (Crow) Dethier and their two sons, Jehan Vincent Dethier and Paul Georges Dethier.	Vincent Dethier	Northampton
place of death	Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen (born March 27, 1864 in Aachen, died January 4, 1936 in Aachen) was a member of the Prussian Upper Governing Council and government Vice-President.	Robert Walter Richard Ernst von Görschen	Aachen
place of death	Martin Disler (1 March 1949, Seewen -- 27 August 1996, Geneva) was a Swiss painter, droughtman and writer.	Martin Disler	Geneva
place of death	Baldassare Verazzi (6 January 1819, Caprezzo, Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, Piedmont - 18 January 1886, Lesa) was an Italian painter.	Baldassare Verazzi	Lesa
place of death	Stanislaus Joyce (December 17, 1884 -- June 16, 1955) was an Irish teacher, scholar, and writer who lived for many years in Trieste.	Stanislaus Joyce	Trieste
place of death	Bailey Willis (March 31, 1857, in Idle Wild-on-Hudson, New York, United States -- February 19, 1949, in Palo Alto, California) was a geological engineer who worked for the United States Geological Survey (USGS), and lectured at two prominent American universities.	Bailey Willis	Palo Alto
place of death	Oswald von Wolkenstein (1376 or 1377, presumably in Castle Schöneck in Kiens -- August 2, 1445 in Merano) was a poet, composer and diplomat.	Oswald von Wolkenstein	Merano
place of death	Armand Charlet (1900, Argentière -- December 1975) was a French mountaineer and mountain guide.	Armand Charlet	Argentière
place of death	François Lehideux (30 January 1904 in Paris -- 21 June 1998 in Paris) was a French industrialist and member of the Vichy government.	François Lehideux	Paris
place of death	In 1842, Dolley Madison joined St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square in Washington, D.C. This church was attended by other members of the Madison and Payne families.	Dolley Madison	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Curt Lahs (1893 Düsseldorf - died June 11, 1958 in Berlin) was a German painter.	Curt Lahs	Berlin
place of death	Nílton Coelho da Costa, best known as Bodinho, (June 16, 1928 in Recife -- September 22, 2007 in Porto Alegre) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player.	Nílton Coelho da Costa	Porto Alegre
place of death	Lazarus Bendavid (18 October 1762 in Berlin -- 28 March 1832 in Berlin) was a German mathematician and philosopher known for his exposition of Kantian philosophy.	Lazarus Bendavid	Berlin
place of death	Because of bombardments, Marietta Martin was transferred, on a stretcher because of weakness, to Frankfurt.	Marietta Martin	Frankfurt
place of death	Marija Leiko (Latvian: Marija Leiko, also known as Marija Leyko; 14 August 1887, Riga, Latvia -- 3 February 1938, Moscow, USSR) was a Latvian silent movie actress in Europe since the 1910s, especially popular in Latvia, Germany and Russia.	Marija Leiko	Moscow
place of death	Born Wei Junluo, Shangguan Yunzhu fled to Shanghai when her hometown Jiangyin was attacked by the Japanese.	Shangguan Yunzhu	Shanghai
place of death	Friedrich Franz Wilhelm Junghuhn (October 26, 1809 in Mansfeld, Germany -- April 24, 1864 in Lembang, Bandung, West Java), was a German-Dutch botanist and geologist.	Franz Wilhelm Junghuhn	Lembang
place of death	André-Léon Vivrel (October 8, 1886 in Paris -- April 7, 1976 in Paris), was a French painter and illustrator .	André-Léon Vivrel	Paris
place of death	Ofelia Guilmáin died in Mexico City at the age of 83 from respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.	Ofelia Guilmáin	Mexico City
place of death	Harald Öhquist (1 March 1891, Helsinki -- 10 February 1971) was a Finnish Lieutenant General during World War II.	Harald Öhquist	Helsinki
place of death	Břetislav Benda (March 28, 1897 in Sepekov -- August 19, 1983, Prague) was a significant Czech sculptor, student of Josef Václav Myslbek and member of Mánes Union of Fine Arts from 1923.	Břetislav Benda	Prague
place of death	Johann Michael von Loën (11 December 1694 in Frankfurt am Main - 24 July 1776 in Lingen, Ems) was a German writer and statesman.	Johann Michael von Loën	Lingen
place of death	He was expelled from the realm by Mauregatus, and on November 26 783 Adosinda was put in the monastery of San Juan de Pravia, where she lived out the rest of her life.	Adosinda	Pravia
place of death	Saint Abo of Tiflis (Georgian: აბო თბილელი, abo tbileli; Arabic: أبو التفليسي‎, Abu al-Tiflisi; c. 756 -- January 6, 786) is a Christian martyr and the Patron Saint of the city of Tbilisi, Georgia.	Abo of Tiflis	Tbilisi
place of death	Jan ten Compe (1713, Amsterdam -- 1761, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Jan ten Compe	Amsterdam
place of death	Karl Gorath (12 December 1912, Bad Zwischenahn, Germany − 18 March 2003, Bremerhaven) was a gay man who was arrested in 1938 and imprisoned for homosexuality at Neuengamme and Auschwitz.	Karl Gorath	Bremerhaven
place of death	In 824, Bai Juyi's commission as governor expired, and he received the nominal rank of Imperial Tutor, which provided more in the way of official salary than official duties, and he relocated his household to a suburb of the ``eastern capital'', Luoyang.	Bai Juyi	Luoyang
place of death	Robert Abshagen (January 12, 1911, Hamburg -- July 10, 1944) was a German Resistance fighter against National Socialism and a Communist.	Robert Abshagen	Hamburg
place of death	During the Tiananmen Square protests of spring 1989, Ye Fei signed a letter opposing the enforcement of martial law by the Army in Beijing.	Ye Fei	Beijing
place of death	Servius Tullius was the legendary sixth king of Rome, and the second of its Etruscan dynasty.	Servius Tullius	Rome
place of death	Father James Renshaw Cox (1886--1951) was an American Roman Catholic priest of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, known for his pro-labor activism.	James Renshaw Cox	Pittsburgh
place of death	Karl Weltzien (sometimes Carl Weltzien) (8 February 1813 in Saint Petersburg -- 14 November 1870 in Karlsruhe) was a German scientist who was Professor of Chemistry at the Technische Hochschule of Karlsruhe from 1848 to 1869.	Karl Weltzien	Karlsruhe
place of death	Mariano Cañardo Lacasta (5 February 1906 in Olite -- 21 June 1987 in Barcelona) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist.	Mariano Cañardo	Barcelona
place of death	Jennifer Lash lost her fight to cancer on 28 December 1993 at Odstock, Wiltshire, aged 55.	Jennifer Lash	Odstock
place of death	Lorenzo Binago (1554--1629) was an Italian late Mannerist/early Baroque architect in Milan.	Lorenzo Binago	Milan
place of death	Nicola Pende (Noicattaro, 21 April 1880 -- Rome, 8 June 1970) was an Italian endocrinologist.	Nicola Pende	Rome
place of death	Frederick II, Grand Duke of Baden (9 July 1857 in Karlsruhe -- 8 August/9 August 1928 in Badenweiler) was the last Grand Duke of Baden.	Frederick II, Grand Duke of Baden	Badenweiler
place of death	Alberto Girri (1919--1991) was an Argentine poet and writer born in Buenos Aires.	Alberto Girri	Buenos Aires
place of death	Rinaldo Agazzi (Mapello, Province of Bergamo, October 30, 1857 -- Bergamo, May 24, 1939) was an Italian painter of landscapes and portraits.	Rinaldo Agazzi	Bergamo
place of death	George Worrall (1855 -- 1930) was an English football player who served as the first secretary-manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers.	George Worrall	Wolverhampton
place of death	Niccolò Alamanni (Ancona, 12 January 1583 -- Rome, 1626) was a Roman antiquarian of Greek origin.	Niccolò Alamanni	Rome
place of death	Bahman Nassim was executed by firing squad at dawn on January 28, 1980, at Evin Prison, Tehran, Iran.	Bahman Nassim	Evin Prison
place of death	Pierre Carteus (Ronse, 24 September 1943 -- 4 February 2003) was a Belgian footballer.	Pierre Carteus	Ronse
place of death	Pieter-Jozef Verhaghen (19 March 1728, Aarschot - 3 April 1811, Leuven) was a Flemish painter in the style of Rubens.	Pieter-Jozef Verhaghen	Leuven
place of death	Gastone Prendato (March 4, 1910 in Padua -- 1980) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Gastone Prendato	Padua
place of death	Born on 13 December 1897 in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, Albert Aalbers was the youngest son of Theo Aalbers and Johanna Buis.	Albert Aalbers	Rotterdam
place of death	Luiz Gervazoni (22 May 1907 -- 1963) was a Brazilian football player from Rio de Janeiro.	Luiz Gervazoni	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	René François Lecomte, born 14 May 1764 in Fontenay-le-Comte (Vendée), died on 15 October 1793 in Bressuire (Deux-Sèvres), was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars, and, in particular, the War in the Vendée.	René François Lecomte	Bressuire
place of death	Gottlob Ludwig Rabenhorst (born March 22, 1806 in Treuenbrietzen; died April 24, 1881 in Meissen) was a German botanist and mycologist.	Gottlob Ludwig Rabenhorst	Meissen
place of death	Ludwig Christian Wiener (7 December 1826 Darmstadt -- 31 July 1896 Karlsruhe) was a German mathematician who specialized in descriptive geometry.	Christian Wiener	Karlsruhe
place of death	Vicente Benavides Llanos (Quirihue, 1777 -- Santiago, Chile, February 23, 1822) was a Chilean soldier who fought in the Chilean War of Independence.	Vicente Benavides	Santiago
place of death	Modesto Madariaga (12 January 1904, in Corral de Almaguer, Spain - 4 June 1974, in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Spanish aviation mechanic.	Modesto Madariaga	Buenos Aires
place of death	Fernando Mencherini (1949 in Fermignano -- 1997 in Cagli) was an Italian composer of chamber works who reached musical prominence before his early death.	Fernando Mencherini	Cagli
place of death	Hermann Heinrich Howaldt (5 January 1841, Braunschweig - 2 December 1891, Braunschweig) was a German sculptor, metal caster and repoussé artist.	Hermann Heinrich Howaldt	Braunschweig
place of death	Professor Leonhard Gall (24 August 1884, Munich -- 20 January 1952) was one of Adolf Hitler's architects.	Leonhard Gall	Munich
place of death	Emil Assad Rached (born June 20, 1943 Vera Cruz, São Paulo, Brasil-- died on October 15, 2009 Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil) was a former Brazilian basketball player of Lebanese origin.	Emil Assad Rached	Campinas
place of death	Imre Bródy (1891, Gyula, Hungary--1944, Mühldorf) was a Hungarian physicist who invented in 1930 the krypton-filled fluorescent lamps (also known as the krypton electric bulb) , with fellow-Hungarian inventors Emil Theisz, Ferenc Kőrösy and Tivadar Millner.	Imre Bródy	Mühldorf
place of death	Rose Kaufman died in San Francisco after a long battle with cancer.	Rose Kaufman	San Francisco
place of death	Between 1925-1938 Lev Ilyin was the main architect of Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), and an author of the overall map of Leningrad and material in the sphere of town-planning.	Lev Ilyin	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Jacob Jacobsen Dampe often referred to in Danish as J.J. Dampe or Dr. Dampe (* January 10, 1790 in Copenhagen; † December 22, 1867 in Copenhagen) was a Danish theologian, scholar, and politician activist.	Jacob Jacobsen Dampe	Copenhagen
place of death	Rudolf Schirmer (10 March 1831, Greifswald -- 27 January 1896) was a German ophthalmologist from Greifswald.	Rudolf Schirmer	Greifswald
place of death	Dom Jacques Alexandre (24 January 1653, at Orléans, France -- 23 June 1734, at Bonne-Nouvelle) was a learned Benedictine monk of the Congregation of St. Maur.	Dom Jacques Alexandre	Orléans
place of death	Moritz Kaposi (Hungarian: Kaposi Mór, pronounced (ˈkɒpoʃi ˈmoːr); 23 October 1837 in Kaposvár, Hungary -- 6 March 1902 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary) was a Hungarian physician and dermatologist who discovered the skin tumor that received his name (Kaposi's sarcoma).	Moritz Kaposi	Vienna
place of death	Francesco Arquati (27 September 1810 in Filettino -- 25 October 1867 in Rome) was an Italian republican patriot, a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento and a so-called martyr for the cause of a United Italy.	Francesco Arquati	Rome
place of death	Otto van Veen, also known by his Latinized name Otto Venius or Octavius Vaenius, (c.1556 -- 6 May 1629) was a painter, draughtsman, and humanist active primarily in Antwerp and Brussels in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth century.	Otto van Veen	Brussels
place of death	Policarpo Cacherano d'Osasco (Cantarana 1744--Turin 27 August 1824) was an officer during the Napoleonic Wars, who rose to the rank of general.	Policarpo Cacherano d'Osasco	Turin
place of death	Walther Müller (6 September 1905 in Hanover -- 4 December 1979 in Walnut Creek, California), was a German physicist, most well known for his improvement of Hans Geiger's counter for ionizing radiation, now known as the Geiger-Müller tube.	Walther Müller	Walnut Creek
place of death	Franco Giuseppucci (March 3, 1947 -- September 13, 1980) was one of the founders and bosses of the Banda della Magliana, an Italian criminal organization based in the city of Rome that was particularly active throughout the late 1970s until the early 1990s.	Franco Giuseppucci	Rome
place of death	Prince Alexander Ivanovich Urusov (Russian: Александр Иванович Урусов, April 2, 1843, Moscow, Russian Empire, -- July 16, 1900, Moscow) was a Russian lawyer, literary critic, translator and philanthropist.	Alexander Ivanovich Urusov	Moscow
place of death	Paweł Pośpiech (1879 in Kokoszyce -- 1922 in Pszczyna) was a Polish priest, activist and journalist.	Paweł Pośpiech	Pszczyna
place of death	Angelo Felici J.C.D. (July 26, 1919, Segni, province of Frosinone -- June 17, 2007, Rome) was an Italian Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church and President of the Pontifical Commission Ecclesia Dei.	Angelo Felici	Rome
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Geoffroy (born in the diocese of Clermont, 1601, and died in Paris, 30 Oct 1675) was a French composer.	Jean-Baptiste Geoffroy	Paris
place of death	Josias Cornelis Rappard (April 24, 1824, Nijmegen -- May 17, 1898, Leiden) was a Dutch soldier and artist.	Josias Cornelis Rappard	Leiden
place of death	Paul Einhorn (born in Iecava, Latvia, the exact birth date is not known, died in 1655 in Jelgava) was a famous historian of the Latvians and a Lutheran pastor.	Paul Einhorn	Jelgava
place of death	Jorge Brum do Canto was born in Lisbon into a family with aristocratic Flemish and English roots.	Jorge Brum do Canto	Lisbon
place of death	She died on October 30, 2004 at the age of 88 in Washington D.C. A year later, the National Press Club Ann Cottrell Free Animal Reporting Award was established to inspire and encourage other journalists to follow in her footsteps.	Ann Cottrell Free	Washington D.C.
place of death	Francis Dvornik (Chomýž, 14 August 1893 -- Chomýž, 4 November 1975), in Czech František Dvorník, was a priest and academic, and one of the leading twentieth-century experts on Slavic and Byzantine history, and on relations between the churches of Rome and Constantinople.	Francis Dvornik	Chomýž
place of death	William Weldon Watson IV (14 September 1899, Eveleth, Minnesota -- 3 August 1992, Hamden, Connecticut) was a physicist specializing in isotope separation and a contributor to the development of the atomic bomb.	William Weldon Watson	Hamden
place of death	Kurt Overhoff (20 October 1902 Vienna, † 16 November 1986 Salzburg) was an Austrian conductor and composer.	Kurt Overhoff	Salzburg
place of death	Marie Fillunger and Eugenie would be reunited in 1919 in Matten near Interlaken in Switzerland.	Marie Fillunger	Interlaken
place of death	Etvin Carl Pauli Jørgensen (December 4, 1905 in Frederiksberg -- October 30, 1993), known simply as Pauli Jørgensen, was a Danish amateur football player and manager.	Pauli Jørgensen	Frederiksberg
place of death	Guy Kelly (22 November 1906 - 24 February 1940) was an American jazz trumpeter born in Louisiana, perhaps best known for his work in Chicago the 1920s and 1930s with jazz musicians such as Albert Ammons and Jimmie Noone.	Guy Kelly	Chicago
place of death	Kalu Rinpoche was born in 1905 during the Female Wood Snake year of the Tibetan lunar calendar in the district of Treshö Gang chi Rawa in the Hor region of Kham, Eastern Tibet.	Kalu Rinpoche	Kham
place of death	Joaquim Sunyer (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuaˈkim suˈɲe)) (Sitges, 1874--1956) was a Spanish painter often linked to the Noucentisme movement.	Joaquim Sunyer	Sitges
place of death	Private (Pte) Roy Longmore, 3rd Reinforcements, 21st Battalion, of Bannockburn, Victoria enlisted on 13 July 1915; and he embarked from Melbourne aboard HMAT Anchises on 26 August 1915.	Roy Longmore	Melbourne
place of death	Lok Yiu Fun was born in 1922 and died in February 2006 at the age of 83 at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Hong Kong after a short battle with an illness.	Lok Yiu	Hong Kong
place of death	Johnny Jaap (born August 12, 1895 in Bellshill, Scotland; died May, 1974 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was a Scottish-U.S. soccer inside right.	Johnny Jaap	Pittsburgh
place of death	Tito Vespasiano Strozzi (Ferrara, 1424 -- ca. 1505) was a Renaissance poet at the Este court of Ferrara, who figures as an interlocutor in Angelo Decembrio's De politia litteraria (``On literary polish'').	Tito Vespasiano Strozzi	Ferrara
place of death	Jean-François Legendre-Héral (21 January 1796, Montpellier - 13 September 1851, Marcilly) was a French Classical sculptor.	Jean-François Legendre-Héral	Marcilly
place of death	Eduard von Bauernfeld (13 January 1802 -- 9 August 1890), Austrian dramatist, was born at Vienna.	Eduard von Bauernfeld	Vienna
place of death	Alessandro Stradella (Nepi, 3 April 1639 -- Genoa, 25 February 1682) was an Italian composer of the middle baroque.	Alessandro Stradella	Genoa
place of death	José de Santiago Concha y Salvatierra (Lima; December 1, 1667 -- 18th century) was a Spanish politician and Royal Governor of Chile.	José de Santiago Concha	Lima
place of death	Francisco de Vitoria (or Victoria), OP (c. 1483, Burgos or Vitoria-Gasteiz -- 12 August 1546, Salamanca), was a Spanish Renaissance Roman Catholic philosopher, theologian and jurist.	Francisco de Vitoria	Salamanca
place of death	Mieczysław Pawełkiewicz (February 13, 1938, Bielsko-Biała -- December 3, 2007, Bielsko-Biała) was a Polish luger who competed during the mid-1960s.	Mieczysław Pawełkiewicz	Bielsko-Biała
place of death	Michele Ruggieri (1543, Spinazzola, Bari, Italy -- 11 May 1607, Salerno, Italy; Chinese: 羅明堅; pinyin: Luó Míngjiān) was an Italian Jesuit priest.	Michele Ruggieri	Salerno
place of death	Johann Heinrich Hoffmann (1669 in /Thüringen; April 6, 1716 in Berlin) was a German astronomer.	Johann Heinrich Hoffmann	Berlin
place of death	Vojtěch Náprstek (often called Vojta) (17 April 1826, in Prague -- 2 September 1894), was a Czech philanthropist, patriot and politician, as well as a pioneering Czech language journalist in the United States.	Vojtěch Náprstek	Prague
place of death	Adolf Maislinger (December 9, 1903, Munich -- April 26, 1985, Munich) was a member of the German Resistance and was a survivor of Dachau concentration camp.	Adolf Maislinger	Munich
place of death	Gerd Weisgerber (January 24, 1938, Saarwellingen -- June 22, 2010, Recklinghausen) was an eminent German professor of mining archaeology.	Gerd Weisgerber	Recklinghausen
place of death	Luis Induni (5 March 1920, Romano di Lombardia, Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy - 31 December 1979, Barcelona, Spain) was an Italian film actor of the 1950s 1960s and 1970s.	Luis Induni	Barcelona
place of death	Cornelis Verbeeck (1590--1637), also known as Cornelis Verbeecq, was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Haarlem.	Cornelis Verbeeck	Haarlem
place of death	So on 12 December 627, near Nineveh, Heraclius drew up his army on a plain and waited for Rhahzadh.	Rhahzadh	Nineveh
place of death	In March 1906 Emerenz Meier followed her father and her sisters to Chicago.	Emerenz Meier	Chicago
place of death	Petros Peloponnesios (``Peter the Peloponnesian'') or Peter the Lampadarios (c. 1730 Tripolis--1778 Constantinople) was a great cantor, composer and teacher of Byzantine music.	Petros Peloponnesios	Constantinople
place of death	Franz Pfanner (born 1825, Langen, Vorarlberg -- 24 May 1909) was an Austrian Trappist monk and founder of Mariannhill Monastery in South Africa and the Mariastern Abbey in Banja Luka, Bosnia.	Franz Pfanner	South Africa
place of death	Duke Alexander of Württemberg (Mömpelgard/Montbéliard, then Württemberg (now France), 5 May 1771 -- Gotha, Thuringia, Germany, 4 July 1833) was a Duke of Württemberg.	Duke Alexander of Württemberg	Gotha
place of death	Paul Klinger (14 June 1907, Essen -- 14 November 1971, Munich), whose real name was Paul Karl Heinrich Klinksik, was a German stage and film actor who also worked in radio drama and soundtrack dubbing.	Paul Klinger	Munich
place of death	Charles Hallgarten, or Charles/Karl Lazarus Hallgarten (November 18, 1838, Mainz -- April 19, 1908, Frankfurt/Main) was a German banker and philanthropist.	Charles Hallgarten	Frankfurt
place of death	Panos Papadopulos (1 August 1920, Kerassus, Ottoman Empire, today -- 18 February 2001, Munich) was a German-Greek actor.	Panos Papadopulos	Munich
place of death	Folmar of Karden (ca. 1135 -- 1189), also occurring in the variant forms Fulmar, Vollmar, Formal, or Formator, was the Archbishop of Trier from 1183 and the last not also to be a prince elector.	Folmar of Karden	Trier
place of death	Sir William Chandler Roberts-Austen, (3 March 1843 in Kennington - 22 November 1902, London), was an English metallurgist noted for his research on the physical properties of metals and their alloys.	William Chandler Roberts-Austen	London
place of death	Walter Schulz (November 18, 1912, in Gnadenfeld/Oberschlesien - June 12, 2000, in Tübingen) was a German philosopher.	Walter Schulz	Tübingen
place of death	Nicolae Teclu (Romanian pronunciation: (nikoˈla.e ˈteklu)); (11 October 1839, Kronstadt, Austrian Empire (today Brașov, Romania) -- 13 July 1916, Vienna, Austria-Hungary) was a Romanian chemist, who gave his name to the worldwide-used ``Teclu burner''.	Nicolae Teclu	Vienna
place of death	Charles Pérez (19 May 1873 in Bordeaux -- 22 September 1952 in Paris) was a French zoologist best known for his research of marine invertebrates and insects.	Charles Pérez	Paris
place of death	Mikołaj z Radomia was a Polish composer working in the first half of the 15th century, probably in Kraków, known only through his signatures on a few compositions: ``N. de Radom'', ``Nicolaus de Radom'' and ``Mycolay Radomsky''.	Mikołaj z Radomia	Kraków
place of death	Bjarne Brustad (4 March 1895, in Kristiania, now Oslo -- 20 May 1978, in Oslo) was a Norwegian composer, violinist and violist.	Bjarne Brustad	Oslo
place of death	Grzegorz Przemyk (May 17, 1964 -- May 14, 1983) was a young, aspiring Polish poet from Warsaw, who was murdered by members of the Communist People's Milicja Obywatelska.	Grzegorz Przemyk	Warsaw
place of death	Maria Anna Angelika Kauffmann RA (30 October 1741 -- 5 November 1807), usually known in English as Angelica Kauffman, was an Austrian Neoclassical painter who had a successful career in London and Rome.	Angelica Kauffman	Rome
place of death	Alessandro Piccolomini (13 June 1508 -- 12 March 1579) was an Italian humanist and philosopher from Siena, who promoted the popularization in the vernacular of Latin and Greek scientific and philosophical treatises.	Alessandro Piccolomini	Siena
place of death	Johannes Türn (27 May 1899, Tartu -- 8 March 1993 Tallinn) was an Estonian chess player.	Johannes Türn	Tallinn
place of death	Joseph Diaz Gergonne (19 June 1771 at Nancy, France -- 4 May 1859 at Montpellier, France) was a French mathematician and logician.	Joseph Diaz Gergonne	Montpellier
place of death	Benson Mates (May 19, 1919, Portland, Oregon -- May 14, 2009, Berkeley, California) was an American philosopher, noted for his work in logic, the history of philosophy, and skepticism.	Benson Mates	Berkeley, California
place of death	Juan Francisco González Escobar (born Santiago, Chile, September 25, 1853; died Santiago, March 4, 1933) is known as one of the four Great Chilean Masters and as the archetypal romantic bohemian artist of the early 20th century.	Juan Francisco González	Santiago
place of death	Erwin Ratz (22 December 1898, Graz -- 12 December 1973, Vienna) was an Austrian musicologist and music theorist.	Erwin Ratz	Vienna
place of death	Davide Ghirlandaio (1452--1525), also known as David Ghirlandaio and as Davide Bigordi, was an Italian painter and mosaicist, active in his native Florence.	Davide Ghirlandaio	Florence
place of death	Paul Sarasin studied medicine and natural science at the University of Basel with Leopold Ruetimeyer, where he also met Fritz Sarasin, and at the University of Würzburg.	Paul Sarasin	Basel
place of death	Pierre Michaux (June 25, 1813 -- 1883) was a blacksmith who furnished parts for the carriage trade in Paris during the 1850s and 1860s.	Pierre Michaux	Paris
place of death	Joaquim Pereira Teixeira de Vasconcelos (2 November 1877, Amarante Municipality, Portugal - 14 December 1952, Gatão, Portugal), better known by his pen name Teixeira de Pascoaes, was a Portuguese poet.	Teixeira de Pascoaes	Gatão
place of death	Archimandrite Nićifor Dučić (Serbian Cyrillic: Нићифор Дучић; 1832--1900), was a Herzegovinian Serb theologian, historian, philologist and writer, educated in Belgrade and Paris.	Nićifor Dučić	Belgrade
place of death	Jarl Waldemar Lindeberg (August 4, 1876, Helsinki -- December 12, 1932, Helsinki) was a Finnish mathematician known for work on the central limit theorem.	Jarl Waldemar Lindeberg	Helsinki
place of death	Angie Zapata (5 August 1989 -- 17 July 2008) was an American trans woman beaten to death in Greeley, Colorado.	Angie Zapata	Greeley
place of death	Émile Banning was a leading negotiator at the time of the negotiations on the status of Congo of Berlin in 1884 and Brussels in 1890.	Émile Banning	Brussels
place of death	François Pourfour du Petit (June 24, 1664 -- June 18, 1741) was a French anatomist, ophthalmologist and surgeon who was a native of Paris.	François Pourfour du Petit	Paris
place of death	Mikheil Meskhi (Georgian: მიხეილ მესხი; Russian: Михаил Шалвович Месхи; born 12 January 1937 in Tbilisi; died 22 April 1991 in Tbilisi) was a Georgian footballer.	Mikheil Meskhi	Tbilisi
place of death	Mario Giacomelli (Senigallia, 1 August 1925 -- Senigallia, 25 November 2000) was an Italian photographer.	Mario Giacomelli	Senigallia
place of death	Albert Désiré Barre (Paris 6 May 1818 - 29 December 1878), was a French engraver, medalist, and the 18th Chief Engraver of the Paris Mint from 27 February 1855 to his death.	Albert Désiré Barre	Paris
place of death	Antonio Berlese (26 June 1863 in Padua -- 24 October 1927 in Florence) was an Italian entomologist.	Antonio Berlese	Florence
place of death	Lykourgos Kallergis died at the Giorgos Gennimatas hospital in Athens on August 27, 2011, at the age of 97.	Lykourgos Kallergis	Athens
place of death	Stanisław Jaśkowski (April 22, 1906, Warsaw -- November 16, 1965, Warsaw) was a Polish logician who made important contributions to proof theory and formal semantics.	Stanisław Jaśkowski	Warsaw
place of death	Rihard Jakopič was born in Krakovo, a suburb of Ljubljana, the capital of Carniola in the Austria--	Rihard Jakopič	Ljubljana
place of death	Evelyn Laye, CBE (10 July 1900 -- 17 February 1996) was an English theatre and musical film actress, who was active on the London light opera stage.	Evelyn Laye	London
place of death	Hal Pereira (April 29, 1905, Chicago, Illinois - December 17, 1983, Los Angeles, California) was an American art director, production designer, and occasional architect.	Hal Pereira	Los Angeles
place of death	Antonio Cornazzano (c. 1430 in Piacenza -- 1515 in Ferrara) was an Italian poet, writer, biographer, and dancing master.	Antonio Cornazzano	Ferrara
place of death	The Blessed Bernardine of Feltre (sometimes Bernardinus of Feltre) was a Friar Minor and missionary, b. at Feltre, Italy, in 1439 and d. at Pavia, 28 September 1494.	Bernardine of Feltre	Pavia
place of death	Josef Meixner (April 24, 1908 in Percha near Starnberg -- March 19, 1994 in Aachen, Germany) was a German theoretical physicist known for his work on the physics of deformable bodies, thermodynamics, statistical mechanics, Meixner polynomials, Meixner-Pollaczek polynomials, and spheroidal wave functions.	Josef Meixner	Aachen
place of death	Jacob Querido (``the Beloved'', ca. 1650--1690, Alexandria, Egypt) was the successor of the self-proclaimed Jewish Messiah Sabbatai Zevi.	Jacob Querido	Alexandria
place of death	Baroness Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova (3/5 February 1779 - 8 April OS: 27 March 1818, Paris) (Russian - Елизавета Александровна Строганова) was a Russian aristocrat of the Stroganov family.	Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova	Paris
place of death	Luciano Pavarotti was born in 1935 on the outskirts of Modena in Northern Italy, the son of Fernando Pavarotti, a baker and amateur tenor, and Adele Venturi, a cigar factory worker.	Luciano Pavarotti	Modena
place of death	Pompeius Planta (or Pompejus (von) Planta, 1570--25 February 1621, Rietberg Castle) was a leader of the Spanish-Austrian Party during the so-called Bündner Wirren.	Pompeius Planta	Rietberg
place of death	Germain Sommeiller was born in Saint-Jeoire (now part of Haute-Savoie, France) on February 15, 1815.	Germain Sommeiller	Saint-Jeoire
place of death	Edward Wightman (c.1580? -- 11 April 1612) was an English radical Anabaptist, executed at Lichfield on charges of heresy.	Edward Wightman	Lichfield
place of death	Jules-Édouard Alboize de Pujol (1805, Montpellier -- 9 April 1854, Paris) was a French historian and playwright.	Jules-Édouard Alboize de Pujol	Paris
place of death	Christian Kramp's father was his teacher at grammar school in Strasbourg.	Christian Kramp	Strasbourg
place of death	Urania Mella Serrano, (Vigo, 1900 - Lugo, 1945) was a Galician politician, and forerunner of the women's associationism.	Urania Mella Serrano	Lugo
place of death	Ernst Anton Wülfing (27 November 1860, Elberfeld -- 17 December 1930, Bad Wörishofen) was a German mineralogist and petrographer, known for his research on the optical properties of minerals and meteorites.	Ernst Anton Wülfing	Bad Wörishofen
place of death	Decio Scuri (March 18, 1905 in Naples, Italy -- April 22, 1980 in Rome, Italy) was an Italian basketball coach and administrator.	Decio Scuri	Rome
place of death	Saint John Climacus (Greek: Ἰωάννης τῆς Κλίμακος; Latin: Ioannes Climacus), also known as John of the Ladder, John Scholasticus and John Sinaites, was a 7th-century Christian monk at the monastery on Mount Sinai.	John Climacus	Mount Sinai
place of death	Ndawa or Dawa (c. 1850 -- 1888) was an important war chief in the Mendeland region, in present-day Sierra Leone, in the 19th century.	Ndawa	Sierra Leone
place of death	Raffaele Costantino (June 14, 1907 in Bari -- June 3, 1991 in Milan) was an Italian football player from Bari, Apulia.	Raffaele Costantino	Milan
place of death	Walter Franz (8 April 1911 in Munich -- 16 February 1992 in Münster) was a theoretical physicist who independently discovered the Franz--	Walter Franz	Münster
place of death	Anna Maria Ortese (June 14, 1914 in Rome -- March 10, 1998 in Rapallo, Genoa) was an Italian short story writer and a poet.	Anna Maria Ortese	Rapallo
place of death	Marianna Martines or Marianne von Martinez (Vienna, May 4, 1744 -- December 13, 1812), was an Austrian singer, pianist and composer of the classical period.	Marianna Martines	Vienna
place of death	Isidoro Bianchi called da Campione (20 July 1581, Campione d'Italia, Lombardy -- 5 December 1662) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Isidoro Bianchi	Campione d'Italia
place of death	Emil Wutzky (4 October 1871 in Berlin - 30 December 1963 in West Berlin) was German unionist, cooperativist and social-democratic politician.	Emil Wutzky	West Berlin
place of death	Louis Lafitte (15 November 1770, Paris - 3 August 1828, Paris) was a French painter, designer, illustrator and muralist.	Louis Lafitte	Paris
place of death	Médard Albrand (8 June 1898 in Petit-Canal, Guadeloupe -- 26 July 1981 in Paris) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1958-1967.	Médard Albrand	Paris
place of death	Charles H. Aldrich (August 28, 1850, LaGrange County, Indiana -- April 13, 1929, Chicago) was a Solicitor General of the United States.	Charles H. Aldrich	Chicago
place of death	Gisela Agnes of Anhalt-Köthen (21 September 1722, Köthen -- 20 April 1751, Dessau) was a princess of Anhalt-Köthen by birth and by marriage Duchess of Anhalt-Dessau.	Gisela Agnes of Anhalt-Köthen	Dessau
place of death	Elisha Reynolds Potter (June 20, 1811 -- April 10, 1882) was a politician and jurist from Kingston, Rhode Island.	Elisha Reynolds Potter	Kingston
place of death	Igor Kon died in Moscow, aged 82, in 2011, from cancer.	Igor Kon	Moscow
place of death	John Tenniel Junior was born on 28 February 1820 in Bayswater, West London, to his parents John Baptist and Eliza Maria.	John Tenniel	London
place of death	Joseph Fischhof (4 April 1804 -- 28 June 1857) was a Czech-Austrian pianist, composer and professor at the Vienna Conservatory of Music, belonging to the Romantic school.	Joseph Fischhof	Vienna
place of death	Carl Diem (born June 24, 1882, Würzburg -- December 17, 1962, Cologne) was a German sports administrator, and as Secretary General of the Organizing Committee of the Berlin Olympic Games, the chief organizer of the 1936 Olympic Summer Games.	Carl Diem	Cologne
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Putzger (10 January 1849, Siebenlehn - 3 August 1913, Plauen) was a German teacher and cartographer.	Friedrich Wilhelm Putzger	Plauen
place of death	Robert Fitz Richard (1064--1136) was an Anglo-Norman feudal baron of Little Dunmow, Essex and constable of Baynard's Castle in the City of London.	Robert Fitz Richard	Essex
place of death	Camille Clovis Trouille (24 October 1889 in La Fère, France -- 24 September 1975 in Paris), worked as a restorer and decorator of department store mannequins, but is remembered as a Sunday painter who trained at the École des Beaux-Arts of Amiens from 1905 to 1910.	Clovis Trouille	Paris
place of death	Jan van Beekum (16 August 1918 in The Hague - 29 November 2001 in Dieren) was a Dutch Composer and Conductor.	Jan van Beekum	Dieren
place of death	Johannes Schlaf (June 21, 1862 in Querfurt -- February 2, 1941 in Querfurt) was a German playwright, author, and translator and an important exponent of Naturalism.	Johannes Schlaf	Querfurt
place of death	Johannes Herman Frederik Umbgrove (February 5, 1899 Hulsberg (Limburg) - June 14, 1954 Wassenaar), called in short Jan Umbgrove, was a Dutch geologist and Earth scientist.	Johannes Herman Frederik Umbgrove	Wassenaar
place of death	At around 6pm on 23 May 1992, near the Capaci exit of on the A29 Palermo-Trapani highway, 500 kg of plastic explosive exploded beneath the three car motorcade conveying Francesca Morvillo and Giovanni Falcone from Rome to their Palermo home.	Francesca Morvillo	Capaci
place of death	Rebecca Lemp (d. 1590) was a German woman who was accused of witchcraft and burned at the stake in Nördlingen.	Rebecca Lemp	Nördlingen
place of death	Henry McKee Minton (25 December 1870 - 29 December 1946) was an African-American doctor who was one of the founders of Sigma Pi Phi and was Superintendent of the Mercy Hospital of Philadelphia for twenty four years.	Henry McKee Minton	Philadelphia
place of death	The Rev. Dr. Arthur M. Brazier (July 22, 1921 -- October 22, 2010) was an American activist, author and pastor emeritus of the Apostolic Church of God in Chicago, Illinois.	Arthur M. Brazier	Chicago
place of death	Aurel Vlaicu died on September 13, 1913 near Câmpina, on the outskirts of Bănești commune while attempting to be the first to fly across the Carpathian Mountains in his now aged A. Vlaicu Nr. II. He was expected to participate in the ASTRA festivities in Orăștie, near Binţinţi.	Aurel Vlaicu	Câmpina
place of death	In 2000, Harry Riccobene died from sepsis at the State Correctional Institute at Dallas, Pennsylvania .	Harry Riccobene	Dallas
place of death	Giovanni Andrea Bontempi (Perugia, ca. 1624--1 July 1705) was an Italian castrato singer, later composer, historian, music theorist, and assistant kapellmeister to Heinrich Schütz at Dresden from 1657.	Giovanni Andrea Bontempi	Perugia
place of death	George Cathcart Woolley (24 December 1876 -- 6 December 1947) was a British colonial administrator in North Borneo (now Sabah) in the early part on the twentieth century.	George Cathcart Woolley	Sabah
place of death	George W. Headley (January 8 1908 -- February 7 1985) was a noted twentieth-century jewelry designer, collector, socialite and founder of the Headley-Whitney Museum in Lexington, Kentucky.	George W. Headley	Lexington
place of death	On 25 August, Victor Iturria was killed by a machine gun burst in an ambush near Blain in Loire-Atlantique department.	Victor Iturria	Blain
place of death	John Sutherland Whitewright (Chinese: 怀恩光; pinyin: Huái ēnguāng, September 5, 1858 in Edinburgh - January 10, 1926 in Tianjin) was a British Baptist missionary to China in the late 19th and early 20th century.	John Sutherland Whitewright	Tianjin
place of death	(André Jacques) Victor Orsel (25 May 1795, Oullins, Rhône - 30 November 1850, Paris) was a French painter.	Victor Orsel	Paris
place of death	Judah Bergman, known as Jack Kid Berg or Jackie Kid Berg (28 June 1909 -- 22 April 1991), was an English boxer born in the East End of London, who became the World Light Welterweight Champion in 1930.	Jack Kid Berg	London
place of death	Sir James Dromgole Linton (26 December 1840, St Pancras, London -- 3 October 1916, Hampstead, London) was an English painter in oil and water-colour and a lithographer.	James Dromgole Linton	Hampstead
place of death	Baroness Bethsabée de Rothschild (assumed the name Batsheva after moving to Israel in 1951), b. September 23, 1914 in London, d. April 20, 1999 in Tel Aviv, Israel, was a philanthropist, a patron of dance, and member of the Rothschild banking family.	Bethsabée de Rothschild	Tel Aviv
place of death	Moshe Marzouk (Hebrew: משה מרזוק‎; or Musa Lieto Marzuk, Arabic: موسى ليتو مرزوق‎; born 20 December 1926 -- 31 January 1955) was an Egyptian Karaite Jew, hanged in 1955 for his involvement in a series of terrorist bombings in Cairo codenamed Operation Suzannah.	Moshe Marzouk	Cairo
place of death	Leopold Dukes (Hungarian: Dux Lipót; 17 January 1810, Pozsony -- 3 August 1891, Vienna) was a Hungarian critic of Jewish literature.	Leopold Dukes	Vienna
place of death	Albert Vigoleis Thelen (28 September 1903 in Süchteln, Lower Rhine region, Germany - 9 April 1989 in Dülken, Germany) was a German author and translator (from Portuguese).	Albert Vigoleis Thelen	Dülken
place of death	Taddeo Gaddi (c. 1290, Florence -- 1366, Florence) was a medieval Italian painter and architect.	Taddeo Gaddi	Florence
place of death	Pierce Brodkorb (September 29, 1908 in Chicago, Illinois -- July 18, 1992 in Gainesville, Florida), also stated as William Pierce Brodkorb, was an American ornithologist and paleontologist.	Pierce Brodkorb	Gainesville
place of death	Kálmán Konrád (23 May 1896 in Bácspalánka -- 10 May 1980 in Stockholm, Sweden), an inside right, was one of the best football players in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 1910s, and played on the Hungarian National team with his brother, Jenő Konrád.	Kálmán Konrád	Stockholm
place of death	Benjamin Herschel Babbage (6 August 1815 -- 22 October 1878) was an English engineer, scientist, explorer and politician, best known for his work in the colony of South Australia.	Benjamin Herschel Babbage	South Australia
place of death	Ludwig Hopf (23 October 1884 in Nürnberg, Germany -- 23 December 1939 in Dublin, Ireland) was a German-Jewish theoretical physicist who made contributions to mathematics, special relativity, hydrodynamics, and aerodynamics.	Ludwig Hopf	Dublin
place of death	Lucos Cozza (born in Rome, Italy, on 11 April 1921 -- 27 June 2011) was a Roman archaeologist.	Lucos Cozza	Rome
place of death	Wilhelm Ehm (August 30, 1918 in Pula, Austro Hungarian Empire -- August 9, 2009 in Rostock, Germany) a World War II Wehrmacht veteran and East German Admiral who was Deputy Minister of National Defense of the German Democratic Republic and head of the People's Navy (Volksmarine).	Wilhelm Ehm	Rostock
place of death	Luigi Veronesi (28 May 1908 in Milan -- 25 February 1998 in Milan) was an Italian photographer, painter, scenographer and film director.	Luigi Veronesi	Milan
place of death	Carlos Wyld Ospina (b. Antigua Guatemala, June 19, 1891 -- Quetzaltenango, June 19, 1956) was a Guatemalan novelist, essayist and poet.	Carlos Wyld Ospina	Quetzaltenango
place of death	Mohamed Rahmat died on 1 January 2010 in Kuala Lumpur, aged of 71.	Mohamed Rahmat	Kuala Lumpur
place of death	On Brighton's West Pier, The Great Omani was known for jumping though open flames into a bed of glass.	The Great Omani	Brighton
place of death	Baron Ferenc Ottinger (Sopron, 1792 -- Vienna, 8 April 1869) was a Lieutenant General to Franz Josef I of Austria, a Cavalry General and one of the leading generals in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848.	Ferenc Ottinger	Vienna
place of death	Born in Byala Slatina to a mother teacher and a father lawyer, Blaga Dimitrova was raised in Veliko Tarnovo and then moved to Sofia.	Blaga Dimitrova	Sofia
place of death	Ciarán Bourke was born in Dublin on 18 February 1935, but lived most of his life in Tibradden, County Dublin.	Ciarán Bourke	Dublin
place of death	Sigmund Feist (Mainz, 12 June 1865 - Copenhagen, 23 March 1943) was a German Jewish pedagogue and historical linguist.	Sigmund Feist	Copenhagen
place of death	Christian Joseph Berres Edler von Perez (18 March 1796, Göding - 24 December 1844, Vienna) was an Austrian anatomist.	Christian Joseph Berres	Vienna
place of death	Syd Barrett was born as Roger Keith Barrett in the English city of Cambridge to a middle-class family living at 60 Glisson Road.	Syd Barrett	Cambridge
place of death	Ercole Carzino (born October 9, 1901 in Sampierdarena; died in 1980) was a retired Italian professional football player.	Ercole Carzino	Sampierdarena
place of death	Karl Otto Ludwig von Arnim (August 1, 1779 in Berlin -- February 9, 1861 in Berlin) was a German travel writer.	Karl Otto Ludwig von Arnim	Berlin
place of death	Juan David Ochoa Vásquez (c. 1949 -- 25 July 2013) was a Colombian drug trafficker and one of the founders of the Medellín Cartel, a major drug trafficking cartel based in the city of Medellín.	Juan David Ochoa Vásquez	Medellín
place of death	Tadeusz Michejda (26 September 1879 in Nawsie - 18 May 1956 in Warsaw) was a Polish physician and politician from the region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Tadeusz Michejda	Warsaw
place of death	Max Fränkel (Landsberg an der Warthe, 11 March 1846 - Berlin, 10 June 1903) was a German classical scholar, philologist, epigrapher and librarian.	Max Fränkel	Berlin
place of death	Franz Riedel survived the war and died on the 17 May 2001 in Straubing, Germany.	Franz Riedel	Straubing
place of death	Heinrich Gomperz (January 18, 1873 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary -- December 27, 1942 in Los Angeles, California) was an Austrian philosopher.	Heinrich Gomperz	Los Angeles
place of death	Maarten Maartens, pen name of Jozua Marius Willem van der Poorten Schwartz (15 August 1858 in Amsterdam -- 3 August 1915 in Doorn), was a Dutch writer, who wrote in English.	Maarten Maartens	Doorn
place of death	Auguste Fickert (born 25 May 1855, Vienna - died 9 June 1910, Maria Enzersdorf, Austria) was a pioneering Austrian feminist and social reformer.	Auguste Fickert	Maria Enzersdorf
place of death	Glyn Owen died of cancer aged 76, on 10 September 2004, in Gwynedd, Wales.	Glyn Owen	Gwynedd
place of death	Johann Georg Rosenhain (10 June 1816 in Königsberg -- 14 March 1887 Berlin) was a German mathematician who introduced theta characteristics.	Johann Georg Rosenhain	Berlin
place of death	Adrianus Petit Coclico (Flanders, 1499 -- Copenhagen, after September 1562) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance.	Adrianus Petit Coclico	Copenhagen
place of death	Horst Dohlus (born Plauen 30 May 1925: died Berlin 28 April 2007) was a high ranking SED party functionary in the German Democratic Republic and a member of the country's National Legislative Assembly (Volkskammer).	Horst Dohlus	Berlin
place of death	William Willard Ashe died on March 18, 1932 in Washington, D.C. He is buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Raleigh, North Carolina.	William Willard Ashe	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Lorimer Johnston (November 2, 1858 in Maysville, Kentucky -- February 20, 1941 in Hollywood, California) was an American silent film actor and director.	Lorimer Johnston	Hollywood
place of death	Wilhelm Hanle (13 January 1901 -- 29 April 1993, Gießen) was a German experimental physicist.	Wilhelm Hanle	Gießen
place of death	Rhett Forrester (September 22, 1956, Tucker, Georgia -- January 22, 1994, Atlanta, Georgia) was an American musician best known as the lead singer for New York-based band Riot from 1981 until 1984.	Rhett Forrester	Atlanta
place of death	Giacinto Gimignani (1606 -- December 9, 1681) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Rome, during the Baroque period.	Giacinto Gimignani	Rome
place of death	Gérard Saint (Renouard, 11 July 1935 -- Le Mans, 16 March 1960) was a French professional road bicycle racer.	Gérard Saint	Le Mans
place of death	Hugh de Lacy, Lord of Meath, 4th Baron Lacy, ((born before 1135), died 25 July 1186, Durrow, Leinster) was an Anglo-Norman magnate.	Hugh de Lacy, Lord of Meath	Leinster
place of death	Mikael Toppelius (10 August 1734, Oulu -- 27 December 1821, Oulu) was a Finnish church painter; the last significant representative of the Ostrobothnian church painting tradition.	Mikael Toppelius	Oulu
place of death	Teri Moïse (born March 25, 1970, Los Angeles, California -- died May 7, 2013, Madrid, Spain) was a Haitian-American French singer .	Teri Moïse	Madrid
place of death	Henri Huet (April 4, 1927 -- 10 February 1971) was a French war photographer, noted for his work covering the Vietnam War for Associated Press (AP).	Henri Huet	Vietnam
place of death	Domenico Gizzi (Arpino, 1680-Naples, 1745) was an Italian singing teacher.	Domenico Gizzi	Naples
place of death	Samuel Sarphati (January 31, 1813 -- June 23, 1866) was a Dutch physician and Amsterdam city planner.	Samuel Sarphati	Amsterdam
place of death	Louise Peete was first imprisoned at San Quentin State Prison before being transferred to the California Institution for Women in Tehachapi, California.	Louise Peete	San Quentin State Prison
position played on team / speciality	John Orlando (born October 15, 1960) is a Ghanaian-born Nigerian ex-footballer who played for the Nigerian national football team as a defender.	John Orlando	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Montervino (born 7 May 1978) is an Italian football sporting director and former midfielder, who last played for Salernitana.	Francesco Montervino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Per Ciljan Skjelbred (born 16 June 1987) is a Norwegian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hertha Berlin.	Per Ciljan Skjelbred	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rous Samoeun (born 20 December 1994) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender for Boeung Ket Angkor and the Cambodia national football team.	Rous Samoeun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brendan Chardonnet (born 22 December 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Stade Brestois 29 on loan at SAS Epinal.	Brendan Chardonnet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frank Noel George (26 December 1897 -- 1929) was a footballer in the 1910s and 1920s who played as a goalkeeper.	Noel George	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Prestin Ryan (born June 29, 1980 in Arcola, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who plays for ERC Ingolstadt of the German DEL.	Prestin Ryan	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mamadouba Resmu Camara nicknamed Maxime Camara (born 1943) is a former Guinea international football midfielder.	Maxime Camara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ran Kadoch (or Ran Kadosh, Hebrew: רן קדוש‎; born 4 October 1985) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bnei Sakhnin.	Ran Kadoch	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peter Zanter (born 11 November 1965) is a retired German football defender and current coach.	Peter Zanter	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Donnarumma (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo dɔnnaˈrumma); born 7 July 1990) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Genoa.	Antonio Donnarumma	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Pérez (born 14 October 1974 in San Cristóbal) is a Venezuelan football midfielder who made a total number of 30 appearances for the Venezuela national team between 1997 and 2007.	Giovanni Pérez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Frejlach (born 24 November 1985 in Čáslav) is a Czech football midfielder, who currently plays for the Czech Gambrinus liga side FC Zbrojovka Brno on loan from SK Slavia Praha.	Tomáš Frejlach	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erik Meyer (born December 28, 1982) is a professional American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.	Erik Meyer	quarterback
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Beara (2 November 1928 -- 11 August 2014) was a Yugoslav football player, as goalkeeper, and also football manager.	Vladimir Beara	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Witthaya Hloagune or Witthaya Laohakul previously nicknamed ``Heng'' (Lucky) (Thai: วิทยา เลาหกุล; born February 1, 1954 in Lamphun Province, Thailand) is a football former midfielder and current manager from Thailand.	Witthaya Hloagune	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivor Evans is a Fijian retired midfielder.	Ivor Evans	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Roberto Oliveira Baptista (born 1 July 1992 in Santa Maria da Feira, Aveiro District), known as Chapinha, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for A.D. Sanjoanense as a winger.	Chapinha	winger
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Hudzikevych (Ukrainian: Станіслав Олександрович Гудзікевич; born 7 March 1978 in Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union, now Ukraine), is a Ukrainian football midfielder,that currently is unattached.	Stanislav Hudzikevych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Charley Roussel Fomen (born 9 July 1989 in Buea) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Icelandic club Leiknir Reykjavík as a left defender.	Charley Roussel Fomen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Petrelli (born July 27, 1944 in Ascoli Piceno) is a former Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.	Sergio Petrelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isael da Silva Barbosa (born May 13, 1988, in São Paulo, Brazil), most commonly known as Isael, is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for FC Kairat in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Isael da Silva Barbosa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danny Sleath (born 14 December 1986 in Matlock) is an English footballer who most recently played for Conference North side Tamworth, where he played as a midfielder.	Danny Sleath	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ngangom Bala Devi (born 2 February 1990) is an Indian women's footballer who plays as a forward for the India women's team and the Manipur women's team.	Ngangom Bala Devi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bobby Joe Hill was the 5'10 point guard from Highland Park, Michigan on the Texas Western college basketball team that won the national title in 1966.	Bobby Joe Hill	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Denise Bender is a retired American soccer defender who was a member of the 1985 United States women's national soccer team.	Denise Bender	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lizo Mjempu (born 1 January 1984 in Queenstown, Eastern Cape) is a South African professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Moroka Swallows.	Lizo Mjempu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jarosław Tkocz (born 25 February 1973 in Rybnik) is a Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for GKS Katowice, FC Shinnik Yaroslavl and FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast.	Jarosław Tkocz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Amirjanov (Azerbaijani: Ruslan Əmircanov, born on 1 February 1985 in Mingachevir, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani defender.	Ruslan Amirjanov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Khormali (Persian: احمد خرمالی‎) is an Iranian football goalkeeper.	Ahmad Khormali	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zakaria Hadraf (born 24 September 1990) is a Moroccan professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Difaâ El Jadida.	Zakaria Hadraf	forward
position played on team / speciality	Javier Calleja Revilla (born 12 May 1978) is a Spanish football coach and a former player who played mainly as a left midfielder.	Javier Calleja	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emerson dos Santos da Silva (born 3 May 1983), simply known as Emerson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Botafogo, as a central defender.	Emerson dos Santos da Silva	defender
position played on team / speciality	McDonald Mariga Wanyama (pronounced (mɨkˈdɒnʌld mɑˈriːɡɑ wɑˈŋɑːmɑ); born 4 April 1987) is a Kenyan footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Kenya national team and Latina.	McDonald Mariga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pau Morer Vicente (born 10 October 1995) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Norwegian club Sandefjord as a midfielder.	Pau Morer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabiano Eller dos Santos, known as Fabiano Eller (born 19 November 1977 in Linhares), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Náutico.	Fabiano Eller	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Bellucci (born 18 January 1986, in Gualdo Tadino) is an Italian association football forward who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio.	Paolo Bellucci	forward
position played on team / speciality	Iván de la Peña López (Spanish pronunciation: (iˈβan delaˈpeɲa); born 6 May 1976) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Iván de la Peña	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ruslan Solyanyk (Ukrainian: Руслан Соляник; born 8 August 1984, Poltava) is a professional Ukrainian football defender and midfielder who currently plays for the Ukrainian Second League side Kremin Kremenchuk.	Ruslan Solyanyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ingegerd Marie Hammarström (born 29 March 1982), born in Glanshammar, Sweden, is a former football midfielder who played for Damallsvenskan teams KIF Örebro DFF, Umeå IK and Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC.	Marie Hammarström	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomasz Abramowicz (born 15 February 1979 in Ełk) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder or forward for Start Wola Mielecka.	Tomasz Abramowicz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ian McMahon (born 7 October 1964 in Wells, Somerset, England), is an English footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League.	Ian McMahon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abel Gómez Moreno (born 20 February 1982), known simply as Abel, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a midfielder.	Abel Gómez Moreno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hussam Fawzi Naji (born 3 September 1974) is an Iraqi footballer who is a forward, and former captain of the Iraq national football team.	Hussam Fawzi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeremy Van Hoof (born August 12, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League	Jeremy Van Hoof	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Lucimar Ferreira da Silva (born 8 May 1978), commonly known as Lúcio, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Goa of the Indian Super League as a central defender.	Lúcio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Maravić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душaн Mapaвић; born March 7, 1939) is a Serbian former midfielder who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Dušan Maravić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arlind Rustemi (born 7 February 1986 in Vlorë) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a forward.	Arlind Rustemi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Bajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бpaниcлaв Бajић ;born 5 May 1977 in Pirot) is a Serbian football defender.	Branislav Bajić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lesley Higgs (née Shipp; born 25 October 1965) is an English former international women's football goalkeeper.	Lesley Higgs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sijce Andonova (Macedonian: Сијче Андонова; born 27 November 1992) is a Macedonian football defender or midfielder who plays for Blau-Weiss Hohen Neuendorf of the German Second Bundesligaand the Macedonia national team.	Sijce Andonova	defender
position played on team / speciality	James Mangham (1 March 1907 -- 23 October 1995) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	James Mangham	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serigne Khadim N'Diaye (born 30 November 1984 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for Guinean side Horoya AC as a goalkeeper.	Khadim N'Diaye	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Seppo Sairanen (born 23 March 1952) is a Finnish football manager and a former football goalkeeper.	Seppo Sairanen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Florimond Vanhalme (21 March 1895 -- 4 July 1979) was a Belgium football midfielder, who still is record Belgian international for Cercle Brugge, the team where he spent all of his career.	Florimond Vanhalme	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mustafa Peštalić (born 28 March 1963) is a Bosnian football manager and former goalkeeper who played in several clubs in Yugoslavia, Portugal and Hong Kong.	Mustafa Peštalić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abbas Hassan (Arabic: عباس حسن‎; born 10 May 1985) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Abbas Hassan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Dmitrijev (born 18 February 1982) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Infonet and the Estonia national football team.	Aleksandr Dmitrijev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roman Čechmánek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈroman ˈtʃɛxmaːnɛk); born March 2, 1971) is a former Czech professional ice hockey goaltender.	Roman Čechmánek	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Mario Götze (German pronunciation: (ˈɡœtsə); born 3 June 1992) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.	Mario Götze	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Craig Hillier (born February 28, 1978, in Cole Harbour, Nova Scotia, Canada) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender.	Craig Hillier	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	José René Higuita Zapata (Spanish pronunciation: (reˈne iˈɣita); born 27 August 1966 in Medellín) is a Colombian former football goalkeeper nicknamed El Loco (``The Madman'').	René Higuita	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Momčilo Bošković (born 5 October 1951) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for club sides in Yugoslavia, Greece and Portugal.	Momčilo Bošković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Plakhtyr (Ukrainian: Дмитро Геннадійович Плахтир; born 14 February 1996 in Zaporizhya, Ukraine) is an Ukrainian football midfielder.	Dmytro Plakhtyr	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adrià Carmona Pérez (born 8 February 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a left winger or attacking midfielder.	Adrià Carmona	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aitor Sanz Martín (born 13 September 1984 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central midfielder.	Aitor Sanz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Obrevko (Ukrainian: Олександр Обревко) was born on 31 May 1984 in the village Frunzivka Poltava Oblast, Ukraine) and is a Ukrainian football midfielder.	Oleksandr Obrevko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Krasimir Dimitrov (born 5 November 1971) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Krasimir Dimitrov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	He played in the Pinta de Craque football academy owned by his father, Bruno Uvini, known by Tuca, a former central defender at Ponte Preta, before moving to PAEC's youth system.	Bruno Uvini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yohan Cabaye (French pronunciation: ​(jɔ.an ka.baj); born 14 January 1986) is a French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Crystal Palace and the France national team.	Yohan Cabaye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stan Kyles (born February 26, 1961, in Chicago, Illinois) is a former minor league baseball pitcher, who served as the bullpen coach for the Milwaukee Brewers.	Stan Kyles	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Barrera (born February 22, 1991) is an Argentine football forward who plays for San Jose Earthquakes in Major League Soccer.	Leandro Barrera	forward
position played on team / speciality	Azing Griever (born 21 July 1945, Noordbroek) is a Dutch football coach and former goalkeeper.	Azing Griever	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lee Min-kyu (Korean: 이민규; born 6 January 1989) is a South Korean football defender, who plays for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge.	Lee Min-kyu	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Mingorance Chimeno (born 10 April 1938 in Castro de Sanabria, Cobreros, Zamora), is a retired Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.	José Mingorance	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rubens Raimundo da Silva (born 10 October 1989), commonly known as Esquerdinha, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba, on loan from Ituano, as an attacking midfielder.	Rubens Raimundo da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Flavia Schwarz (born 11 July 1986) is a Swiss former football midfielder who played for FC Zürich and FFC Zuchwil 05 in the Nationalliga A. She currently serves as FC Zürich second team's assistant coach.	Flavia Schwarz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Hrdlička (born 17 February 1982) is a Czech football defender who recently played as a defender for the Corgoň Liga club Slovan Bratislava.	Tomáš Hrdlička	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ermin Hasić (born 19 May 1975 in Koper) is a retired Slovenian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Ermin Hasić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Horst Bertl (born 24 March 1947) is a retired German football midfielder.	Horst Bertl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Selim Bouadla (born August 26, 1988 in Rosny-sous-Bois, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for Académica in the Portuguese Primeira Liga.	Selim Bouadla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Đurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Ђурић; born 6 November 1989) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Rad in Serbian SuperLiga.	Nikola Đurić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Roche (born 24 December 1982) is a footballer from Papeete, Tahiti, who plays as a goalkeeper for AS Dragon.	Mickaël Roche	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sob Evariste Dibo (born 27 December 1968), is a former Ivorian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Sob Evariste Dibo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Or Erez is an Israeli football midfielder currently playing in the Ligat Nashim Rishona for Maccabi Holon, with which she has also played in the European Cup.	Or Erez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Crino (born 9 August 1962 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Australian international footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Oscar Crino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cesidio Colasante is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League and USL A-League.	Cesidio Colasante	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edenílson Andrade dos Santos, commonly known as Edenílson, (born 18 December 1989 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central midfielder and right back for Serie A club Udinese.	Edenílson Andrade dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Agostinho da Costa (born October 10, 1981 in Luanda) better known as Chara, is an Angolan football midfielder who currently plays for Petro Atlético.	Fernando Agostinho da Costa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danny Mueller is a retired American-born, Puerto Rico association football midfielder who played professionally in the USL A-League and for the Puerto Rico national football team.	Danny Mueller	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Moshe Asis (Hebrew: משה עסיס‎; born October 9, 1943) is a former Israeli football midfielder, who had most major appearances in Maccabi Tel Aviv, played from 1961 to 1973 and most successful player of the Maccabi Tel Aviv's history on the 1960s.	Moshe Asis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milenko Špoljarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Миленко Шпољарић, born January 24, 1967) is a football manager and a former Cypriot international football midfielder.	Milenko Špoljarić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhang Ke (simplified Chinese: 张可; traditional Chinese: 張可; pinyin: Zhāng Kě; born 20 March 1985) is a Chinese football defender who currently plays for Henan Construction.	Zhang Ke	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Aguilar Leiva (born 12 July 1984), known simply as Alberto, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays fo Australian club Western Sydney Wanderers FC as a defensive midfielder or central defender.	Alberto Aguilar Leiva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Guillou (born 16 April 1970) is a retired German-born French football defender.	Patrick Guillou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Volovyk (Ukrainian: Олександр Ігорович Воловик; born 28 October 1985 in Krasyliv, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian footballer defender playing for the profession football club OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League, on loan from FC Shakhtar Donetsk.	Oleksandr Volovyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Syamsir Alam (born 6 July 1992 in Agam, Indonesia) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Pelita Bandung Raya.	Syamsir Alam	forward
position played on team / speciality	George Kottaras (kə-TAYR-iss; born May 10, 1983) is a Canadian professional baseball catcher in the San Francisco Giants organization.	George Kottaras	catcher
position played on team / speciality	Phạm Văn Tiến (born 30 April 1993) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C..	Phạm Văn Tiến	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Felipe Mesones Temperán (born 9 February 1936) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a right winger, and a current coach.	Felipe Mesones	winger
position played on team / speciality	Nemanja Džodžo (born 12 December 1986) is a Serbian football goalkeeper whose last know club was Irtysh Pavlodar.	Nemanja Džodžo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ali Peyrovani (Persian: علی پیروانی‎, born 20 July 1985) is an Iranian football defender of Moghavemat Sepasi F.C..	Ali Peyrovani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Mićović (Serbian Cyrillic: Bлaдимир Мићовић ;born October 11, 1975 in Aranđelovac) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach of Neftchi Baku .	Vladimir Mićović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Ring (born 9 April 1991), is a Finnish professional football midfielder who plays for German 2.	Alexander Ring	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicolò Fazzi (born 2 March 1995 in Borgo a Mozzano) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serie B club Crotone on loan from Fiorentina.	Nicolò Fazzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Bosco de Freitas Chaves or simply Bosco (born November 14, 1974 in Escada-PE), is a retired Brazilian goalkeeper.	João Bosco de Freitas Chaves	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jerry Santos (born 17 December 1988) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for Posta Rangers as a midfielder.	Jerry Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giampiero Pocetta (born May 25, 1965 in Rome) is a retired Italian soccer player, active as a midfielder during the eighties and the nineties.	Giampiero Pocetta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adam Coleman (born 7 October 1991) is an Australian rugby union player who plays as a lock for the Western Force in Super Rugby.	Adam Coleman	lock
position played on team / speciality	Peter Lérant (born 30 January 1977 in Komárno) is a Slovak football defender who is currently playing for MŠK - Thermál Veľký Meder.	Peter Lérant	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clemente Ovalle Barbosa (born October 5, 1982 in Monterrey) is a Mexican professional footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Mérida.	Clemente Ovalle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gutieri Tomelin (born August 1, 1992 in Rio do Campo), is a Brazilian central defender.	Gutieri Tomelin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brad Marsh (born March 31, 1958) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played as a defenceman in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Brad Marsh	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Martin Prusek (born December 11, 1975) is a Czech a former professional ice hockey goaltender and currently ice-hockey goaltender coach.	Martin Prusek	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Erol Sabanov (born 16 May 1974) is a Bulgarian-German former footballer of Turkish origin who played as a goalkeeper.	Erol Sabanov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matej Delač (born 20 August 1992) is a Croatian goalkeeper originating in Bosnia and Herzegovina who plays for Sarajevo on loan from Chelsea.	Matej Delač	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oļegs Laizāns (born 28 March 1987) is a Latvian football midfielder, currently playing for Latvia national football team.	Oļegs Laizāns	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Giglio (born 26 February 1979 in Valletta, Malta) is a professional footballer who currently plays for Maltese First Division side Żurrieq, where he plays as a midfielder.	Stefan Giglio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Pantelić (Cyrillic: Душан Пантелић; born 15 April 1993) is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing for Bežanija.	Dušan Pantelić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Denis Kulyash (Russian: Денис Куляш; born May 31, 1983) is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Denis Kulyash	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Morteza Asadi (born February 24, 1979) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Iran Pro League side Gostaresh.	Morteza Asadi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Katalinić (born 17 May 1951 ) is a Croatian football manager and former Hajduk Split and Southampton goalkeeper.	Ivan Katalinić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Modestas Stonys (born 17 January 1980) is a Lithuanian professional footballer, who plays in the Estonian Meistriliiga for FC Narva Trans. He plays the position of goalkeeper and is 1.88 m tall and weighs 80 kg. He is a former member of the Lithuania national football team.	Modestas Stonys	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Brian Steen Nielsen (born 28 December 1968) is a former Danish professional footballer from Denmark, who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002, scoring three goals.	Brian Steen Nielsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Andre Claude Cardin (born February 17, 1941 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec) is a Canadian former ice hockey left winger.	Claude Cardin	winger
position played on team / speciality	Joeri de Kamps (born 10 February 1992) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Slovan Bratislava.	Joeri de Kamps	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aritz Solabarrieta Aranzamendi (born 22 July 1983 in Ondarroa, Basque Country) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right midfielder.	Aritz Solabarrieta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Kozachenko (born 11 January 1982) is a Ukrainian professional football goalkeeper who plays for Nasaf Qarshi in the Uzbek League.	Dmytro Kozachenko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdulhadi Al-Harajin (Arabic: عبد الهادي الحراجين‎; born October 27, 1994) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajer.	Abdulhadi Al-Harajin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tim Clancy (born 8 June 1984 in Trim, County Meath) is an Irish professional football player who plays as a defender for Sligo Rovers.	Tim Clancy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fuad Salihović (Serbian Cyrillic: Фуад Салиховић; born 2 November 1985) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with FK Moravac Orion Mrštane.	Fuad Salihović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Hugo Sagardia Medrano (born March 4, 1993 in Bolivia) is a Bolivian footballer who since 2011 has played defender for Bolívar.	Ricardo Hugo Sagardia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daði Lárusson (born 19 June 1973) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FH.	Daði Lárusson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Pavlov (Bulgarian: Стефан Павлов; born 26 May 1945 in Godech) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as а midfielder.	Stefan Pavlov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David D'Auria (born 26 March 1970) is a Welsh football midfielder.	David D'Auria	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serdar Kulbilge (born 7 July 1980) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Elazığspor at the goalkeeper position.	Serdar Kulbilge	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Liu Yunfei (Chinese:刘云飞 born May 8, 1979) is a former Chinese international football goalkeeper who played for Tianjin Teda and Shanghai Shenhua.	Liu Yunfei	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Faik Kamberović (born 25 July 1968) is a retired Bosnian footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in Slovenia, Croatia, Austria and Montenegro.	Faik Kamberović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shaun Marshall (born October 30, 1978 in Fakenham, England) is a professional footballer playing with Eastern Counties League Premier Division side Dereham Town, where he plays as a goalkeeper.	Shaun Marshall	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Frank Gamble (born 1871, date of death unknown) was a footballer who played in The Football League as an inside forward for Sheffield United.	Frank Gamble	forward
position played on team / speciality	Levon Pachajyan (Armenian: Լեւոն Պաչաջյան, born on 20 September 1983 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football midfielder.	Levon Pachajyan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chris Love (born in Columbia, Maryland) is an American soccer forward who currently serves as an assistant coach at UMass Boston.	Chris Love	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rini Coolen (born 10 February 1967) is a Dutch former football defender and manager.	Rini Coolen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matt Jordan (born October 13, 1975 in Aurora, Colorado) is a former soccer goalkeeper.	Matt Jordan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Erkan Sekman (born 17 April 1984 in Pütürge, Malatya Province) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Göztepe.	Erkan Sekman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shirley Kocaçınar, full name Shirley Hubertina Maria Adriana Kocaçınar, (December 4, 1986) is a Turkish-Dutch women's football forward currently playing for Fortuna Sittard.	Shirley Kocaçınar	forward
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Vidal Franco Cisneros (born 25 August 1987 in Autlán, Jalisco, México) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as defender for Deportivo Toluca.	Francisco Vidal Franco	defender
position played on team / speciality	Scott Bain (born 22 November 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Dundee as a goalkeeper.	Scott Bain	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Benito Castañeda (born 17 June 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current director of football of UD Almería.	Alberto Benito Castañeda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Qusai Abu Alieh (born 20 December 1978) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who plays as a midfielder for Al-Faisaly (Amman).	Qusai Abu Alieh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michele Canini (born 5 June 1985) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Ascoli, on loan from Atalanta .	Michele Canini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Simr (born 6 July 1983) is a Czech footballer, who plays as a forward.	Pavel Simr	forward
position played on team / speciality	Volodymyr Arzhanov (Ukrainian: Володимир Аржанов, born 29 November 1985 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian midfielder.	Volodymyr Arzhanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy James Bailey Hinds (born 7 February 1954 in Tela, Honduras) is a Honduran football forward who played for Honduras during the 1981 CONCACAF Championship qualification.	Jimmy James Bailey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Radim Sáblík (born 5 September 1974) is a retired Czech football player who played as a defender.	Radim Sáblík	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miltiadis Sapanis (born 28 January 1976) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for Doxa Pentalofos in the Football League 2, as a midfielder.	Miltiadis Sapanis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Degni (September 28, 1900 -- November 2, 1975) was an Italian football midfielder and manager from Rome.	Giovanni Degni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matthew David Carrick (5 December 1946 -- 1 July 1989) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Wrexham, Altrincham, Port Vale, Stalybridge Celtic, Witton Albion, Preston North End, and Rochdale.	David Carrick	forward
position played on team / speciality	Govert Boyen (born 7 March 1977 in Sint-Truiden) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who is currently unemployed.	Govert Boyen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Róbert Mazáň (born 9 February 1994) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for MŠK Žilina, on loan from the Ekstraklasa club Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała and also plays for Slovakia national under-21 football team.	Róbert Mazáň	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francielle Manoel Alberto (born 18 October 1989, in São Paulo), commonly known as Francielle, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Icelandic club Stjarnan and the Brazil women's national football team.	Francielle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Park No-bong (Korean: 박노봉; born June 19, 1961 South Korea) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a defender.	Park No-bong	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marta Cox (born 20 July 1997) is a Panamanian international football player who currently plays as a midfielder.	Marta Cox	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edmundo Iván Vázquez Mellado Pérez (born December 14, 1982 in Mexico City), also known by his nickname ``El Terrible'', is a Mexican professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Club Universidad de Guadalajara in the Liga MX.	Iván Vázquez Mellado	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dale Tonge (born 7 May 1985) is an English professional footballer who plays as a full back or a midfielder for National League North club, Stockport County.	Dale Tonge	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oussama Mrabet (born 10 July 1993) is a French footballer of Tunisian descent who currently plays as a midfielder.	Oussama Mrabet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rhonda Jones (Born 30 March 1979) is a Scottish association football defender who plays for Celtic women's team.	Rhonda Jones	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Netto de Macedo (born 7 May 1979), known as Netto, is a Brazilian footballer who plays Sampaio Corrêa Futebol Clube as a centre forward.	Leandro Netto de Macedo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jody Viviani (born 25 January 1982 in La Ciotat) is a French footballer who last played goalkeeper for Skoda Xanthi.	Jody Viviani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Raimundo Pérez Lezama (29 November 1922 -- 24 July 2007) was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Raimundo Pérez Lezama	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peni Finau (born 5 August 1981) is a Fiji footballer defender currently playing for Fijian football club Ba F.C..	Peni Finau	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rudi Keil (born 8 December 1977, in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a rugby union centre.	Rudi Keil	centre
position played on team / speciality	Albino Cossa or Bino (born 21 April 1982) is a Mozambican goalkeeper.	Albino Cossa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Boban Nikolić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бoбaн Никoлић ; born 8 October 1980 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya in the Indonesia Super League.	Boban Nikolić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Fonte (born October 8, 1965 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian former footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Francesco Fonte	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anisa Rola (born 24 May 1994) is a Slovenian football defender who plays for LUV Graz of the Austrian ÖFB-Frauenliga and the Slovenia national team.	Anisa Rola	defender
position played on team / speciality	Torsten Ziegner (born 9 November 1977 in Neuhaus am Rennweg) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Torsten Ziegner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Monika Razhgeva (Bulgarian: Моника Ръжгева) is a Bulgarian football defender currently playing in the Bulgarian Championship for NSA Sofia, with which she has also played the Champions League.	Monika Razhgeva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Samer Saeed Mujbel Al Mamoori (Arabic: سامر سعيد مجبل‎) (born July 1, 1987 in Iraq) is an Iraqi midfielder.	Samer Saeed	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gareth Cooper (born 7 May 1979 in Bridgend) is a former Wales international rugby union player who played in the scrum-half position.	Gareth Cooper	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Douw Gerbrandt Grobler is a South African rugby union player, whose regular position is lock.	Gerbrandt Grobler	lock
position played on team / speciality	Brian Whitehouse (born 8 September 1935 in West Bromwich) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward for West Bromwich Albion, Norwich City, Wrexham, Crystal Palace, Charlton and Leyton Orient.	Brian Whitehouse	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gonzalo Nicolás Martínez (13 June 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder for River Plate.	Gonzalo Nicolás Martínez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bahram Dabbagh (Persian: بهرام دباغ; born Julu 24, 1992‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Nassaji Mazandaran in the Azadegan League.	Bahram Dabbagh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Beau Erickson (born December 16, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Ontario Reign in the ECHL.	Beau Erickson	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Neil Buckley (born 25 September 1968) is an English former professional association football player who played as a defender.	Neil Buckley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Niclas Tüchsen (born July 28, 1989) is a Danish football midfielder, who plays for the Rishøj BK.	Niclas Tüchsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seamus Martin McDonagh (born 6 October 1952), known as Jim McDonagh, is a former association football goalkeeper who won 25 caps for Ireland and made more than 400 appearances in the English leagues.	Jim McDonagh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Angelo Domenghini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈandʒelo domeŋˈɡiːni); born August 25, 1941) is an Italian football manager, and former footballer, who played as a forward, often as a right winger.	Angelo Domenghini	forward
position played on team / speciality	Koray Şanlı (born 26 December 1989, Mersin) is a Turkish football defender.	Koray Şanlı	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pavol Farkaš (born 27 March 1985) is a Slovak footballer who playes for Skoda Xanthi as a centre back.	Pavol Farkaš	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Stanimir Gospodinov (Bulgarian: Станимир Господинов) (born 3 March 1975) is a football defender from Bulgaria currently playing for Botev Kozloduy.	Stanimir Gospodinov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Casciaro (born 11 May 1984) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a defender.	Ryan Casciaro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Koman Jr. (born 16 March 1989) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for the Hungarian League club Diósgyőr and for the Hungarian national football team as a winger or an attacking midfielder.	Vladimir Koman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rodrigo Romero (born 8 November 1982) is a Paraguayan footballer that plays as a goalkeeper.	Rodrigo Romero	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ibrahim Rabimov (born 3 August 1987) is a Tajikistani footballer who is a midfielder for FK Khujand.	Ibrahim Rabimov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mattias Östberg (born 24 August 1977) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Hanvikens SK in Swedish Division 4 as a defender.	Mattias Östberg	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gary Hobson (born 12 November 1972, North Ferriby, East Riding of Yorkshire) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Gary Hobson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Sebastián Garcia, nicknamed ``Pitu'', (born 27 January 1984 in Santa Fe) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos.	Miguel Sebastián Garcia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mišo Brečko (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈmíːʃɔ ˈbréːt͡ʃkɔ); born 1 May 1984 in Trbovlje) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a defender for German club 1.	Mišo Brečko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lucas Otávio Veiga Lopes, known as Lucas Otávio (born 9 October 1994), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos as a defensive midfielder.	Lucas Otávio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Camilo de Souza Vieira (born March 22, 1986 in Ceres), or simply Camilo, is a Brazilian football goalkeeper, who plays for Barueri.	Camilo de Souza Vieira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Serghei Alexeev (born 31 May 1986, in Tiraspol) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a forward.	Serghei Alexeev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Afonso Guimarães da Silva, best known as Afonsinho (born in Rio de Janeiro, March 8, 1914 -- February 19, 1997) was a Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Afonso Guimarães da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ante Rumora (born 4 July 1960 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former football defender who played for Dinamo Zagreb.	Ante Rumora	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Novacki (born 4 December 1958) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City and was on the books of Bolton Wanderers without making a league appearance.	Jan Novacki	winger
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Soares Brites (born 9 November 1992) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Swiss club Stade Nyonnais on loan from Servette FC, as a forward.	Daniel Soares	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Ántónio Ramos Ribeiro (born 11 September 1977), commonly known as Zé Tó, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Zé Tó	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roddy Lenga is a Vanuatuan footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Roddy Lenga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	André Luiz Ladaga, most commonly known as Andrezinho (born 19 February 1975 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a retired naturalized Azerbaijani football midfielder.	André Luiz Ladaga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marek Malík (born June 24, 1975) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1994 to 2009.	Marek Malík	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Jemal Tassew Bushra (Amharic: ጀማል ጣሰው ቡሽራ?, born 27 April 1989) is an Ethiopian goalkeeper.	Jemal Tassew	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michal Breznaník (born 16 December 1985) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays for FK Dukla Prague, on loan from Sparta Prague.	Michal Breznaník	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danny Payne was an American soccer midfielder who spent six seasons in the American Soccer League and one in the North American Soccer League.	Danny Payne	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Loris Karius (born 22 June 1993) is a German professional football goalkeeper who plays for 1.	Loris Karius	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Poniros (Greek: Γιώργος Πονηρός; born 8 October 1987 in Agrinio, Greece) is a professional football goalkeeper.	Giorgos Poniros	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Šaban (born 26 December 1987) is a Croatian football forward currently playing for Krka in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Martin Šaban	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luis Francisco Grando or simply Chico (born February 2, 1987 in Pato Branco), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Antalyaspor as a defensive midfielder or defender.	Luis Francisco Grando	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eugênio Machado Souto, usually known as Geninho (born May 15, 1948 in Ribeirão Preto), is a Brazilian football manager and former goalkeeper.	Geninho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Predrag Govedarica (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Говедарица; born 21 October 1984) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Akzhayik.	Predrag Govedarica	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Laura Giuliani (born 5 June 1993 in Milan) is an Italian football goalkeeper currently playing for German club FC Köln in the Bundesliga.	Laura Giuliani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giannis Galitsios (born 15 May 1958 in Larissa, Greece) is a former professional football defender.	Giannis Galitsios	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dale Shirkie (born 2 May 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward for Troon.	Dale Shirkie	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mario Cartelli (born 16 November 1979 in Karviná) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman of Italian descent who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga during the 2010--11 season.	Mario Cartelli	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Wang Xiaoshi (simplified Chinese: 王小诗; traditional Chinese: 王小詩; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎoshī; born January 5, 1982) is a former Chinese football player who currently plays as a versatile defender or striker.	Wang Xiaoshi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdulaziz Ahmad Al Masha'an Al Enezi (Arabic: عبدالعزيز أحمد المشعان العنزي‎, born 19 October 1988), better known as Aziz Mashaan is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al Qadsia.	Aziz Mashaan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fred Scrine (25 March 1877 -- 8 August 1962) was a Welsh international rugby union scrum-half who played club rugby for Swansea.	Fred Scrine	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Tony Sergeant (born 6 June 1977) is a retired football midfielder who last played for Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Pro League.	Tony Sergeant	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Missoup is a French rugby union player, born 5 February 1981 in Neuilly-sur-Seine (Hauts-de-Seine), who plays as a flanker for US Oyonnax (1.93 m, 95 kg).	Olivier Missoup	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Stefán Gíslason (born 15 March 1980 in Fjarðabyggð) is an Icelandic retired footballer who last played for Breiðablik in the Icelandic Premier League as a defensive midfielder.	Stefán Gíslason	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Jota Martins (born 4 February 1987 in Joinville, Brazil) is a Brazilian football midfielder currently playing for Internazionale Pattaya F.C. in Thailand in the Regional League Division 2.	Diego Jota Martins	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Riccardo Fiamozzi (born 18 May 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Serie B club Pescara.	Riccardo Fiamozzi	defender
publisher	I, Tyrant was published by TSR in 1996 as a 93-page book.	I, Tyrant	TSR
publisher	A Bit on the Side is a short story collection written by William Trevor, first published by Viking Press in 2004.	A Bit on the Side	Viking Press
publisher	Production and Operations Management is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Production and Operations Management Society.	Production and Operations Management	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology is the quarterly scientific journal of the American Psychological Association Division 45:	Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology	American Psychological Association
publisher	Vox Sanguinis, formerly known as the Bulletin of the Central Laboratorium van de Bloedtransfusiedienst of the Nederlandse Rode Kruis, is a hematology journal established in 1953 and published 8 times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Society of Blood Transfusion.	Vox Sanguinis	Wiley-Blackwell	International Society of Blood Transfusion
publisher	Women's Studies Quarterly, often referred to as WSQ, is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal of women's studies that was established in 1972 and published by The Feminist Press.	Women's Studies Quarterly	The Feminist Press
publisher	Australian Mammalogy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by CSIRO Publishing on behalf of the Australian Mammal Society covering research about biology of mammals that are native or introduced to Australasia.	Australian Mammalogy	CSIRO Publishing
publisher	The Journal of Mining Science is a bimonthly, peer reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media that covers all aspects of mining engineering.	Journal of Mining Science	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Indiana Jones in Revenge of the Ancients is a computer game developed by Angelsoft released by Mindscape in 1987, for the Apple II and PC DOS computer platforms.	Indiana Jones in Revenge of the Ancients	Mindscape
publisher	Strategic Command WWII Global Conflict is a grand strategy computer game developed by Fury Software, and published by Battlefront.com.	Strategic Command WWII Global Conflict	Battlefront.com
publisher	Tom Swift and His Sky Racer, or, The Speediest Flight on Record, is Volume 9 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Tom Swift and His Sky Racer	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	Winston Science Fiction was a series of 37 juvenile science fiction books published by the John C. Winston Company of Philadelphia from 1952 to 1960 and by its successor Holt, Rinehart & Winston in 1960 and 1961.	Winston Science Fiction	John C. Winston Company
publisher	Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal published six times per year by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the American Association of Suicidology.	Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Dr. Futurity was first published as a novel by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-421, bound dos-à-dos with John Brunner's Slavers of Space.	Dr. Futurity	Ace Books
publisher	NHL FaceOff 2003 is an ice hockey video game made by SolWorks and published by Sony Computer Entertainment of America, released on the PlayStation 2.	NHL FaceOff 2003	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	The Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy is a free and rapid publishing peer-reviewed, online-only, open access, scientific journal published by the American Institute of Physics covering all areas of renewable and sustainable energy-related fields that apply to the physical science and engineering communities.	Journal of Renewable and Sustainable Energy	American Institute of Physics
publisher	The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan is book published by Cambridge University Press intended to analyze the work of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.	The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Rise of Prussia is a grand strategy wargame developed by AGEOD and published by Paradox Interactive.	Rise of Prussia	Paradox Interactive
publisher	Measurement Science and Technology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by IOP Publishing and covering the areas of measurement, instrumentation, and sensor technology in the sciences.	Measurement Science and Technology	IOP Publishing
publisher	Quik the Thunder Rabbit is a side-scrolling platform video game, which Stywox developed for Titus Software to publish on the Amiga and Amiga CD32 in 1994.	Quik the Thunder Rabbit	Titus Software
publisher	The Revista del Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the ``Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental Dr. Abraham Rosenvasser'' (Institute of Ancient Near Eastern Studies), Faculty of Philosophy and Letters, University of Buenos Aires.	Revista del Instituto de Historia Antigua Oriental	University of Buenos Aires
publisher	The QI Book of the Dead was first published by Faber and Faber in hardback on 5 November 2009.	The QI Book of the Dead	Faber and Faber
publisher	The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters, or De groote schouburgh der Nederlantsche konstschilders en schilderessen, as it was originally known in Dutch, is a series of artist biographies with engraved portraits written by the 18th-century painter Arnold Houbraken.	The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters	Arnold Houbraken
publisher	Communications of the ACM is the monthly magazine of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).	Communications of the ACM	Association for Computing Machinery
publisher	The Cambridge Archaeological Journal is a peer-reviewed academic journal for cognitive and symbolic archaeology published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research.	Cambridge Archaeological Journal	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Geobios is an academic journal published bimonthly by the publishing house Elsevier.	Geobios	Elsevier
publisher	Archives of Natural History has been published for the Society by Edinburgh University Press since 2008.	Archives of Natural History	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	Maru's Mission is an action video game released in 1991 by Jaleco for the original Game Boy.	Maru's Mission	Jaleco
publisher	Original War is a real-time strategy video game developed by Czech company Altar Interactive and released by Virgin Interactive on June 15, 2001.	Original War	Virgin Interactive
publisher	Stories of Your Life and Others is a collection of short stories by Ted Chiang originally published in 2002 by Tor Books.	Stories of Your Life and Others	Tor Books
publisher	Colorado Review is a major American literary journal published by the Center for Literary Publishing at Colorado State University in Fort Collins, Colorado.	Colorado Review	Colorado State University
publisher	Originally published by Harper & Row as If Women Counted with an introduction by Gloria Steinem in 1988, it has since also been published by Macmillan under the same title, and by Allen & Unwin and University of Toronto Press as Counting for Nothing.	If Women Counted	Allen & Unwin
publisher	Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers, Or, The Secret of Phantom Mountain, is Volume 7 in the original Tom Swift novel series published by Grosset & Dunlap.	Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	Civil Law Commentaries is an open access publication of the Eason-Weinmann Center for Comparative Law at the Tulane University Law School.	Civil Law Commentaries	Tulane University Law School
publisher	The Psychoanalytic Quarterly is a quarterly academic journal of psychoanalysis established in 1932 and published by Wiley-Blackwell.	The Psychoanalytic Quarterly	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Dun Darach is an arcade adventure published in 1985 by Gargoyle Games for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC computers.	Dun Darach	Gargoyle Games
publisher	The Ordeal of Richard Feverel was first published in 1859 by Chapman & Hall in three volumes.	The Ordeal of Richard Feverel	Chapman & Hall
publisher	Air Assault Task Force is a computer wargame developed by ProSIM Company and published by Shrapnel Games.	Air Assault Task Force	Shrapnel Games
publisher	Master of Darkness (released as In the Wake of Vampire in Japan and Vampire: Master of Darkness in the US), is a video game released for the Sega Game Gear and the Sega Master System.	Master of Darkness	Sega
publisher	In January 2007, John Wiley & Sons assumed publishing responsibilities and re-launched the journal as Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine:	Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Garry's Mod was originally a mod for Valve Corporation's Half-Life 2, but was later made into a standalone release in 2006 for Microsoft Windows, published by Valve Corporation.	Garry's Mod	Valve Corporation
publisher	The Review of Educational Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed review journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association.	Review of Educational Research	Sage Publications
publisher	Ecology Letters is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-Blackwell and the French National Centre for Scientific Research.	Ecology Letters	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Molecular Aspects of Medicine is published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.	Molecular Aspects of Medicine	Elsevier
publisher	PHBR2 The Complete Thief's Handbook was written by John Nephew, Carl Sargent, and Douglas Niles, with illustrations by George Barr, and was published by TSR in 1990 as a 128-page book.	The Complete Thief's Handbook	TSR
publisher	Natural Resources Forum is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Division of Sustainable Development in the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs.	Natural Resources Forum	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Dancers in Mourning is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in 1937, in the United Kingdom by Heinemann, London and in the United States by Doubleday Doran, New York; later U.S. versions used the title Who Killed Chloe?.	Dancers in Mourning	Heinemann
publisher	Master of Orion (MoO or MOO) is a turn-based, 4X science fiction computer strategy game released in 1993 by MicroProse on the MS-DOS and Mac OS operating systems.	Master of Orion	MicroProse
publisher	The Parent's Assistant is the first collection of children's stories by Maria Edgeworth, published by Joseph Johnson in 1796.	The Parent's Assistant	Joseph Johnson
publisher	David's Midnight Magic is an Apple II pinball simulation written by David Snider and released by Brøderbund in 1982.	David's Midnight Magic	Brøderbund
publisher	Saorsa is a collection of short stories in Scottish Gaelic edited by Joan NicDhòmhnaill and John Storey and published by Ùr-sgeul in 2011.	Saorsa	Ùr-sgeul
publisher	The Portuguese Journal of Social Science is a triannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by ISCTE -- Lisbon University Institute.	Portuguese Journal of Social Science	ISCTE -- Lisbon University Institute
publisher	The Annals of Probability is a peer-reviewed statistics journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics.	Annals of Probability	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
publisher	The Rogues Gallery was written by Brian Blume with Dave Cook and Jean Wells, with a cover by Erol Otus and interior illustrations by Jeff Dee and Otus, and was published by TSR in 1980 as a 48-page book.	The Rogues Gallery	TSR
record label	Love Country Style is a studio album by Ray Charles released in June 1970 on Charles' Tangerine Records label.	Love Country Style	Tangerine Records
record label	Refresh the Demon is the fifth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Annihilator, released on March 11, 1996 by Music for Nations.	Refresh the Demon	Music for Nations
record label	Renincarnated is the fourth album by rapper MC Ren, released October 31, 2009, on his own record label Villain Entertainment.	Renincarnated	Villain Entertainment
record label	Johnny Cash and His Woman is an album by American country singers Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1973 (see 1973 in music).	Johnny Cash and His Woman	Columbia Records
record label	Pure Hank is a studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams, Jr. It was released by Warner Bros./Curb Records in April 1991.	Pure Hank	Curb Records
record label	Young, Gifted and Black is the nineteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on January 24, 1972 by Atlantic Records.	Young, Gifted and Black	Atlantic Records
record label	Powerage was originally released on 5 May 1978 on Atlantic Records and reached No. 133 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart in the US, eventually going platinum.	Powerage	Atlantic Records
record label	Fresh Surrender was The Archers fourth studio album and third Light Records release.	Fresh Surrender	Light Records
record label	8701 is the third studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher; it was first released on August 7, 2001, by Arista Records.	8701	Arista Records
record label	My Shame Is True is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band Alkaline Trio, released on April 2, 2013 on Heart & Skull and Epitaph Records.	My Shame Is True	Epitaph Records
record label	``Tricks of the Light'' is a single by musician Mike Oldfield released in 1984 and is from the Virgin Records album Discovery.	Tricks of the Light	Virgin Records
record label	Whipped! is Faster Pussycat's third album, released in 1992 by Elektra Records.	Whipped!	Elektra Records
record label	``Kill to Believe'' is a single by Orange County metalcore band Bleeding Through released in 2006 by Trustkill Records.	Kill to Believe	Trustkill Records
record label	Don't Laugh Now was Ray Stevens' nineteenth studio album and his third and final for RCA Records, released in 1982.	Don't Laugh Now	RCA Records
record label	``Fashion Pack'' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1979 by Ariola Records.	Fashion Pack	Ariola Records
record label	``What's the Matter with You Baby'' is a 1964 single released by Marvin Gaye and Mary Wells on the Motown label.	What's the Matter with You Baby	Motown
record label	Radio Music Society is the fourth studio album by Esperanza Spalding, which was released through the record label Heads Up International on March 20, 2012.	Radio Music Society	Heads Up International
record label	Pure Trash is the second studio album by Dosh, released on October 11, 2004 on the Anticon label.	Pure Trash	Anticon
record label	Can't Count Me Out is the sixth studio album by American R&B/jazz singer Miki Howard, released in 1997 under Hush Records.	Can't Count Me Out	Hush Records
record label	GCS 2000 is a studio album by funk group Graham Central Station released on July 21, 1998, on NPG Records.	GCS 2000	NPG Records
record label	I Wanna Have Some Fun is the third album by Samantha Fox, released in November 1988 by Jive Records.	I Wanna Have Some Fun	Jive Records
record label	4,5,6 is the solo debut by emcee Kool G Rap, released in September 26, 1995 on Cold Chillin' Records.	4,5,6	Cold Chillin' Records
record label	Ain't Nothin' Stoppin' Us Now is an album by Tower of Power released in 1976, the band's first record on Columbia Records.	Ain't Nothin' Stoppin' Us Now	Columbia Records
record label	La Tournée des grands espaces (The wide spaces tour) is the fourth live album by Alain Bashung, issued in 2004 on Barclay Records.	La Tournée des grands espaces	Barclay Records
record label	``How Much More'' is the sixth single by Orange County pop punk band Supernova, released on 7`` by Sympathy for the Record Industry in 1996.	How Much More	Sympathy for the Record Industry
record label	Smile Kid is the second studio album by American rock band We the Kings, released through S-Curve Records on December 8, 2009.	Smile Kid	S-Curve Records
record label	Tape from California is Phil Ochs' fifth album, released in mid-1968 on A&M Records.	Tape from California	A&M Records
record label	``Ego Tripping Out'' is a 1979 funk-styled dance record released by American soul singer Marvin Gaye, released as a single on the Tamla (Motown) label.	Ego Tripping Out	Motown
record label	St. Louis to Liverpool is a rock and roll album by Chuck Berry, released in 1964 on Chess Records, catalogue 1488.	St. Louis to Liverpool	Chess Records
record label	Northern Failures is an album by Cable, released in 2001 by Hydra Head Records.	Northern Failures	Hydra Head Records
record label	Guero is the sixth official studio album and ninth overall by American alternative rock artist Beck, first released in March 2005 on Interscope Records.	Guero	Interscope Records
record label	Exit 13 is the twelfth studio album by American rapper LL Cool J. It was released on September 9, 2008 on the record label Def Jam Recordings	Exit 13	Def Jam Recordings
record label	``Hit-Medley'' is the twentieth single by Dutch girl group Luv', released in 1990 by the labels Dureco/High Fashion Music in the Benelux and RCA Records/BMG in Germany.	Hit-Medley	RCA Records
record label	Tal Cual Es is the fourth studio album by Argentine singer-songwriter Diego Torres, it was released on August 24, 1999 through Sony BMG Latin.	Tal Cual Es	Sony BMG
record label	Believe in Him is a gospel album and 71st overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Word Records in 1986.	Believe in Him	Word Records
record label	HoboSapiens was released by EMI in October 2003, and was preceded by the EP 5 Tracks in May 2003.	HoboSapiens	EMI
record label	Physical Graffiti was the band's first release on their own Swan Song Records label, which had been launched in May 1974.	Physical Graffiti	Swan Song Records
record label	In My Time is the ninth studio album by Yanni, released on the Private Music label in 1993, (see 1993 in music).	In My Time	Private Music
record label	Krupa and Rich is a 1956 studio album by jazz drummers Gene Krupa and Buddy Rich on Norman Granz' Clef Records label.	Krupa and Rich	Clef Records
record label	Temple IV is the second studio album by guitarist and composer Roy Montgomery, released on 1 January 1995 by Kranky Records.	Temple IV	Kranky Records
record label	Jaktens tid (English: ``Hunting Season'') is the second studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll, released on 18 September 2001 through Spinefarm Records.	Jaktens tid	Spinefarm Records
record label	The Punch Line is the first 12-inch and third record release by influential American punk rock band Minutemen, and the fourth-ever release from SST Records.	The Punch Line	SST Records
record label	Black Light Syndrome is the first studio album by Bozzio Levin Stevens (a supergroup comprising drummer Terry Bozzio, bassist Tony Levin and guitarist Steve Stevens), released on July 15, 1997 through Magna Carta Records.	Black Light Syndrome	Magna Carta Records
record label	Vince Guaraldi, Bola Sete and Friends is a collaboration between pianist Vince Guaraldi and guitarist Bola Sete, released in 1963 through Fantasy Records.	Vince Guaraldi, Bola Sete and Friends	Fantasy Records
record label	MCMXC a.D. (``1990'' in Roman numerals followed by an abbreviation of Anno Domini) is the first studio album from the German music project Enigma, headed by Romanian-German musician Michael Cretu, released in November 1990 on Virgin Records in the United Kingdom and Charisma Records in the United States.	MCMXC a.D.	Virgin Records
record label	Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) is the third studio album by rapper Styles P; it was released through Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Koch Records on December 4, 2007.	Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman)	Ruff Ryders Entertainment
record label	Mean Everything to Nothing is the second studio album by the Atlanta-based indie rock band Manchester Orchestra.	Mean Everything to Nothing	Manchester Orchestra
record label	Five in the Black is the second Japanese studio album (fifth overall) by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki, released on March 14, 2007 by Rhythm Zone.	Five in the Black	Rhythm Zone
record label	It was officially released on January 16, 2007 in the USA and on January 19 in the rest of the world on Dancing Ferret Discs; however, it was sold at their live shows since the beginning of the DreamCypher Tour on January 11, 2007.	DreamCypher	Dancing Ferret
record label	Three on the Trail is the debut studio album by the Western band Riders in the Sky, released in 1979 by Rounder Records Group.	Three on the Trail	Rounder Records
record label	Superjudge was Monster Magnet's second official album (Tab being an EP) and also their debut for A&M Records.	Superjudge	A&M Records
record label	Stars on the Wall is the second album from Belgian solo act The Go Find, released in 2007 by Morr Music.	Stars on the Wall	Morr Music
record label	E. 1999 Eternal is the second studio album by American hip hop group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, released July 25, 1995, on Ruthless Records.	E. 1999 Eternal	Ruthless Records
record label	Blues Funeral is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock musician Mark Lanegan, released on February 6, 2012 on 4AD.	Blues Funeral	4AD
record label	The Ghost in Daylight is the fifth album by Gravenhurst, released on Warp Records.	The Ghost in Daylight	Warp
record label	Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def, now known as Yasiin Bey, released October 12, 1999 on Rawkus Records.	Black on Both Sides	Rawkus Records
record label	In late 2013, it was announced that Kelis had signed to British independent label Ninja Tune for the release of the album, titled Food, in April 2014.	Kelis	Ninja Tune
record label	Perfect from Now On is the third full-length album released by Built to Spill, and the band's first major label (Warner Bros.) release.	Perfect from Now On	Warner Bros.
record label	Infinite Light is the second album by Canadian indie rock band Lightning Dust, released August 4, 2009 on Jagjaguwar.	Infinite Light	Jagjaguwar
record label	It was stated in an article by Roadrunner Records that ``'Oildale (Leave Me Alone)' buzzes with an eerie clean guitar that slowly gives way to a steamrolling bass and riff assault.''	Oildale (Leave Me Alone)	Roadrunner Records
record label	Initially, Byrd's label (MCA Records) had not planned for ``The Keeper of the Stars'' to be a single, until his publicist realized that the song had been receiving positive feedback for it in concert.	The Keeper of the Stars	MCA Records
record label	Heavy Metal Fruit is the name of the fourteenth full-length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho, released on January 18, 2010, via Rune Grammofon and Stickman Records.	Heavy Metal Fruit	Rune Grammofon
record label	Resolving Contradictions is an album by British musician Andy Mackay, released on Bronze Records in 1978.	Resolving Contradictions	Bronze Records
record label	Picked up by Big Tree Records, ``Angel in Your Arms'' accrued sufficient airplay to by February 1977 to enter the Billboard Hot 100, entering the Pop Top 40 that April to peak that July at #6; the track also charted R&B (#29) and Easy Listening (#9).	Angel in Your Arms	Big Tree Records
record label	You've Come a Long Way, Baby is the second studio album by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim, released on 19 October 1998 by Skint Records.	You've Come a Long Way, Baby	Skint Records
record label	``She's Hearing Voices'' is a song by Bloc Party that was first released on 7`` vinyl by London-based independent label Trash Aesthetics in February 2004.	She's Hearing Voices	Trash Aesthetics
record label	¡Hey, Hey Pioneers! is the first studio album by American alternative rock band Farewell Continental, released on May 10, 2011 by Paper + Plastick.	¡Hey, Hey Pioneers!	Paper + Plastick
record label	``Foreplay/Long Time'' is a song written by Tom Scholz and first performed by the rock band Boston on the band's eponymous debut album, and as their second single, on Epic Records in 1976.	Foreplay/Long Time	Epic Records
record label	Ferocious Mopes (2005) is the third full-length album by Say Hi.	Ferocious Mopes	Say Hi
record label	Strangely enough, RCA Records released no additional singles from the album despite the success of ``Tell Me True.''	Tell Me True	RCA Records
record label	Rated G is the third album by the 5th Ward Boyz, released on November 28, 1995 through Rap-a-Lot Records.	Rated G	Rap-a-Lot Records
record label	I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning is one of two Bright Eyes albums (along with Digital Ash in a Digital Urn) released on January 25, 2005, by Saddle Creek Records.	I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning	Saddle Creek Records
record label	There's a Riot Goin' On is the fifth studio album by American band Sly and the Family Stone, released on November 20, 1971, by Epic Records.	There's a Riot Goin' On	Epic Records
record label	Shake, Rattle and Polka! is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra, released through Rounder Records on October 11, 2005.	Shake, Rattle and Polka!	Rounder Records
record label	In Between Dreams is the third album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson, released by Brushfire Records in the United States on March 1, 2005 (see 2005 in music).	In Between Dreams	Brushfire Records
record label	Sun and Shade is the sixth album by the American band Woods, released in 2011 on Woodsist.	Sun and Shade	Woodsist
record label	The following year, Butthole Surfers shocked many fans and critics by signing with the major label Capitol Records.	Butthole Surfers	Capitol Records
record label	``You Give Good Love'' is a song by American recording artist Whitney Houston, released as the lead single from her self-titled debut album, entitled Whitney Houston in the United States in February 1985 by Arista Records, and the second single from the album in the United Kingdom.	You Give Good Love	Arista Records
record label	Neon Ballroom is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair, released in 1999 by record labels Murmur and Epic.	Neon Ballroom	Murmur
record label	Sleepwell Deconstructor is the first album by Trap Them, released on April 3, 2007 on Trash Art!.	Sleepwell Deconstructor	Trash Art
record label	La Bella Mafia is the third studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released March 4, 2003 on Atlantic Records.	La Bella Mafia	Atlantic Records
record label	The Blood and the Body is a gothic rock album released by Eerie Von on June 15, 1999 on Cleopatra Records.	The Blood and the Body	Cleopatra Records
record label	Chicago-based Vee-Jay Records head A&R man Calvin Carter brought back ``Make It Easy on Yourself'' from a trip to New York City scouting song publishers.	Make It Easy on Yourself	Vee-Jay Records
record label	Born Again Revisited is the fourth album by Columbus, Ohio based trio Times New Viking, and their second release for Matador Records.	Born Again Revisited	Matador Records
record label	Laberinto is the twelfth studio album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor, Miguel Bosé, and his sixth with Warner Bros. Records (Warner Music Latina in the U.S.).	Laberinto	Warner Music Latina
record label	Upptåg was the third album from Swedish singer/songwriter Ted Gärdestad, released in 1974 on the Polar Music label.	Upptåg	Polar Music
record label	``Before the Great Collapse'' is a single by Hip Hop duo Jedi Mind Tricks, released in 2004 through Babygrande Records.	Before the Great Collapse	Babygrande Records
record label	Misty Medley is the second full-length album by the Montreal indie rock band Kiss Me Deadly, released in October 2005 by Alien8 Recordings.	Misty Medley	Alien8 Recordings
record label	All the Pain Money Can Buy is the second album by American pop-rock band Fastball, released on March 10, 1998, on Hollywood Records.	All the Pain Money Can Buy	Hollywood Records
record label	Ask Questions Later is the third album by American noise rock group Cop Shoot Cop, released on March 30, 1993 by Big Cat and Interscope Records.	Ask Questions Later	Interscope Records
record label	Köda is the third album by In the Nursery, released in 1988 through Wax Trax! Records.	Köda	Wax Trax! Records
record label	BYO Split Series Volume IV is a split album released in 2002 as the fourth entry in BYO Records BYO Split Series.	BYO Split Series Volume IV	BYO Records
record label	Someone in Control is the third album released by American rock band Trapt, released on September 13, 2005 by Warner Bros. Records.	Someone in Control	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Bags' Groove (PRLP 7109) is a jazz album by Miles Davis, released in 1957 by Prestige Records, compiling material from two 10`` LPs recorded in 1954, plus two alternate takes.	Bags' Groove	Prestige Records
record label	Leaves Turn Inside You is the eighth and final studio album by the American post-hardcore band Unwound, released on April 17, 2001 by Kill Rock Stars.	Leaves Turn Inside You	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Lifemask is the sixth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper, and was first released in 1973 by Harvest Records.	Lifemask	Harvest Records
record label	The Moray Eels Eat The Holy Modal Rounders is the fourth studio album of the New York psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1968 through Elektra Records.	The Moray Eels Eat The Holy Modal Rounders	Elektra Records
record label	Bad as Me is the seventeenth studio album by American rock musician Tom Waits, released on October 21, 2011 by ANTI- Records.	Bad as Me	ANTI-
record label	Wavering Radiant is the fifth and final full-length album by American post-metal group Isis, released by Ipecac Recordings in 2009 and produced by Joe Barresi.	Wavering Radiant	Ipecac Recordings
record label	OK Computer is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead, released in 1997 on Parlophone and Capitol Records.	OK Computer	Capitol Records
record label	The BCN Connection is an album by Spanish band The Pinker Tones, released in 2004 on the UK indie label Outstanding Records.	The BCN Connection	Outstanding Records
record label	The untitled fourth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, commonly referred to as Led Zeppelin IV, was released on 8 November 1971 on Atlantic Records.	Led Zeppelin IV	Atlantic Records
record label	Front Porch Stories is Avail's sixth, and final studio album, and released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2002.	Front Porch Stories	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Hotter than July is the nineteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder, originally released on Motown's Tamla label on September 29, 1980.	Hotter than July	Motown
record label	Cocky & Confident is the eighth studio album by American rapper Juvenile.	Cocky & Confident	Juvenile
record label	Private Transport is the first album by The Guild League released in 2002 on Candle Records (catalogue number TGL02).	Private Transport	Candle Records
series	``Jewbilee'' is the ninth episode of the third season and 40th overall episode of the animated television series South Park.	Jewbilee	South Park
series	``From Out of the Rain'' is the tenth episode of the second series of British science fiction television series Torchwood.	From Out of the Rain	Torchwood
series	``Basic Story'' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of Community, and the 96th episode overall in the series.	Basic Story	Community
series	Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett is the second novel of the Eddie & the Gang with No Name trilogy by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, published on 13 May 2004 through Hodder Children's Books.	Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett	Eddie & the Gang with No Name
series	Championship Manager 2010 has received more positive reviews than previous versions of the Championship Manager series.	Championship Manager 2010	Championship Manager series
series	The Mighty Orinoco (French: Le Superbe Orénoque) is a novel by French writer Jules Verne (1828--1905), first published in 1898 as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires.	The Mighty Orinoco	Voyages Extraordinaires
series	Elfsorrow is the first book in the trilogy Legends of the Raven, which takes place after Chronicles of the Raven.	Elfsorrow	Legends of the Raven
series	Both Sides of Time (1995) is a fiction book and the first of the Time Travelers Quartet series by Caroline B. Cooney.	Both Sides of Time	Time Travelers Quartet
series	The second part of Snorri Sturluson's Prose Edda the Skáldskaparmál or ``language of poetry'' (c. 50,000 words) is effectively a dialogue between Ægir, the Norse god of the sea, and Bragi, the god of poetry, in which both Norse mythology and discourse on the nature of poetry are intertwined.	Skáldskaparmál	Prose Edda
series	``The Vacation Goo'' is the first episode of the fourth season of the animated series American Dad!, an episode produced for Season 2.	The Vacation Goo	American Dad
series	The Wringer is the seventeenth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman.	The Wringer	The Avengers
series	``It's Your Funeral'' is a television episode of the British science fiction-allegorical series, The Prisoner.	It's Your Funeral	The Prisoner
series	``Focus Grill'' is the thirteenth episode of the fourth season and the series finale of the American animated sitcom Home Movies, and 52nd episode of the series overall.	Focus Grill	Home Movies
series	``The Wait Out'' is the 133rd episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld.	The Wait Out	Seinfeld
series	The Talbot Samba is a supermini car manufactured by the PSA Group in the former Simca factory in Poissy, France, and marketed under the short-lived modern-day Talbot brand.	Talbot Samba	supermini
series	The Green Death is the fifth and final serial of the tenth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, first broadcast in six weekly parts from 19 May 1973 to 23 June 1973.	The Green Death	Doctor Who
series	Missing Believed Killed is the eleventh episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.	Missing Believed Killed	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``22 Short Films About Springfield'' (captioned on-screen as ``Twenty-Two Short Films About Springfield'') is the twenty-first episode of The Simpsons' seventh season, which originally aired on April 14, 1996.	22 Short Films About Springfield	The Simpsons
series	``Million Dollar Smile'' is the 17th episode of the fourth season of the American television comedy series, Ugly Betty, and the 82nd overall episode of the series.	Million Dollar Smile	Ugly Betty
series	``World's Greatest Couple'' is the fifth episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother.	World's Greatest Couple	How I Met Your Mother
series	``An Origin Story'' is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the Fox science-fiction/drama television series Fringe, and the 92nd episode overall.	An Origin Story	Fringe
series	``Trapped in the Sky'' is the first episode of Thunderbirds, a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson, which first aired on ATV Midlands on 30 September 1965.	Trapped in the Sky	Thunderbirds
series	The Twin Dilemma is the seventh and final serial of the 21st season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four twice-weekly parts from 22 March to 30 March 1984, the first to star Colin Baker as the Sixth Doctor.	The Twin Dilemma	Doctor Who
series	The Cat Concerto is a 1947 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 29th Tom and Jerry short, produced in 1946 and released to theatres on April 26, 1947.	The Cat Concerto	Tom and Jerry
series	The Tangle Box by Terry Brooks is the fourth novel of the Magic Kingdom of Landover series.	The Tangle Box	Magic Kingdom of Landover
series	The Pirate King (2008) is the second book in the Transitions series, written by R. A. Salvatore.	The Pirate King	Transitions
series	Tugboat Granny is a ``Merrie Melodies'' cartoon animated short starring Tweety and Sylvester.	Tugboat Granny	Merrie Melodies
series	Holy Rat Race! is the 18th episode of the Batman television series, first airing on ABC March 10, 1966.	Holy Rat Race	Batman
series	``The One After Vegas'' is the sixth season premiere of the American television situation comedy Friends, which was broadcast on NBC on September 23, 1999.	The One After Vegas	Friends
series	Catch the Lightning is a novel by Catherine Asaro in the Saga of the Skolian Empire, also known as Tales of the Ruby Dynasty.	Catch the Lightning	Saga of the Skolian Empire
series	Emperor Mage is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce, the third in a series of four books, The Immortals.	Emperor Mage	The Immortals
series	Naked in Death (1995) is the first book of the In Death series by J. D. Robb, preceding Glory in Death.	Naked in Death	In Death
series	``The Penguin Declines'' is the 73rd episode of Batman, the conclusion of a three-part story in its second season on ABC.	The Penguin Declines	Batman
series	``SeinfeldVision'' is the first episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the twenty-second episode of the series.	SeinfeldVision	30 Rock
series	``A Ladder to Heaven'' is the 12th episode of the sixth season and the 91st overall episode of the Comedy Central series South Park.	A Ladder to Heaven	South Park
series	Advance and Be Mechanized, released in 1967, was the penultimate Tom and Jerry cartoon.	Advance and Be Mechanized	Tom and Jerry
series	``The Dorcons'' is the twenty-fourth episode of the second season of Space: 1999 (and the forty-eighth and final overall episode of the programme).	The Dorcons	Space: 1999
series	``Cow Days'' is the thirteenth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and 26th episode of the series overall.	Cow Days	South Park
series	Death at the Dolphin is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twenty-fourth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1967.	Death at the Dolphin	Roderick Alleyn
series	``A Case of Identity'' is one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and is the third story in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.	A Case of Identity	The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
series	``The Crimson Horror'' is the eleventh episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama Doctor Who.	The Crimson Horror	Doctor Who
series	``North by North Quahog'' is the first episode of the fourth season of Family Guy, following the revival of the series three years after its cancellation in 2002.	North by North Quahog	Family Guy
series	``I, Roommate'' is the third episode of season one of Futurama.	I, Roommate	Futurama
series	``A Death Worse Than Fate'' is the tenth episode of the Batman television series in its first season.	A Death Worse Than Fate	Batman
series	``A Nice Day for a Posh Wedding'' is the seventh episode of the second season from the dramedy series Ugly Betty.	A Nice Day for a Posh Wedding	Ugly Betty
series	Champions of Krynn is the first in a three-part series of Dragonlance Advanced Dungeons & Dragons ``Gold Box'' role-playing video games.	Champions of Krynn	Gold Box
series	The Peugeot 607 is an executive car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from September 1999 to June 2012 .	Peugeot 607	executive car
series	Don't Forget the Diver is the second episode of the fourth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 2 October 1970.	Don't Forget the Diver	Dad's Army
series	In The Positronic Man, the trends of fictional robotics in Asimov's Robot series (as outlined in the book I, Robot) are detailed as background events, with an indication that they are influenced by Andrew's story.	The Positronic Man	Robot series
series	``When Good Kids Go Bad'' is the second episode of the American sitcom Modern Family's third season and the 50th episode overall.	When Good Kids Go Bad	Modern Family
sex or gender	Tsai Ah-hsin (1899--1990) was colonial Taiwan's first female physician.	Tsai Ah-hsin	female
sex or gender	Harriet Livermore (April 14, 1788-1868), is best known as a preacher, becoming one of the most well-known female preachers in America in the 19th century.	Harriet Livermore	female
sex or gender	Elżbieta Porzec (born 27 January 1945) is a former female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 1963--1976, a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Mexico 1968.	Elżbieta Porzec	female
sex or gender	Ade Chandra (Chinese: 張鑫源) is a retired Chinese Indonesian male badminton player.	Ade Chandra	male
sex or gender	Erick Daniel Herrera (born March 23, 1989) is a professional male squash player who represented Colombia.	Erick Daniel Herrera	male
sex or gender	Emma Bonney is a female English world champion player of English billiards, and snooker player.	Emma Bonney	female
sex or gender	Eden Atwood is an American jazz musician, actress and an advocate for the civil rights of people born with intersex traits.	Eden Atwood	intersex
sex or gender	In February 2013, a play called ``These Streets'' inspired by Mia Zapata and the stories of other female musicians in Seattle debuted at ACT Theatre in Seattle.	Mia Zapata	female
sex or gender	Vesa Hanski (born September 9, 1973 in Turku) is a retired male butterfly swimmer from Finland, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1992.	Vesa Hanski	male
sex or gender	Almucs de Castelnau or Castelnou (c. 1140 -- bef. 1184) was a trobairitz, that is a female troubadour, from a town near Avignon in Provence.	Almucs de Castelnau	female
sex or gender	Elsie Eaves (born May 5, 1898 -- died March 27, 1983) was the first female associate member of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) and a founding member of the American Association of Cost Engineers (now AACE International; the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering).	Elsie Eaves	female
sex or gender	The Nora Ephron Prize is a $25,000 award by the Tribeca film festival for a female writer or filmmaker ``with a distinctive voice''.	Nora Ephron	female
sex or gender	Marty Mann (October 15, 1904 -- July 22, 1980) was an early female member of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) and author of the chapter ``Women Suffer Too'' in the second through fourth editions of the Big Book of AA.	Marty Mann	female
sex or gender	Łucja Frey was one of the first female academic neurologists in Europe.	Łucja Frey	female
sex or gender	Eriko Mukoyama, known as Anyango, is the world's first female nyatiti player.	Anyango	female
sex or gender	Lisvel Elisa Eve-Castillo (née Eve Mejía, born September 10, 1991 in Puerto Plata) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who played for the Women's National Team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Lisvel Elisa Eve	female
sex or gender	Zamzam Mohamed Farah (born 19 March 1991) is a Somali female athlete from Mogadishu who competes in the Women's 400m.	Zamzam Mohamed Farah	female
sex or gender	Hallie Earle (1880--1963) was the first licensed female physician in Waco, Texas.	Hallie Earle	female
sex or gender	Cyndie Allemann (born 4 April 1986 in Moutier) is a Swiss female racing driver.	Cyndie Allemann	female
sex or gender	Yulia Lobzhenidze, also written as Yuliya Lobzhenidze, (born 23 August 1977) is a female Georgian recurve archer.	Yulia Lobzhenidze	female
sex or gender	Yvonne Mai-Graham (née Grabner) (born 22 August 1965 in Annaberg-Buchholz, Saxony) is a retired female middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Yvonne Mai-Graham	female
sex or gender	Lorena Blanco (born July 22, 1977) is a female badminton player from Peru, who won two bronze medals at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Lorena Blanco	female
sex or gender	Maham Tariq (born 5 July 1997) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Karachi.	Maham Tariq	female
sex or gender	Mu Zi (Chinese: 木子; pinyin: Mù Zǐ; born 9 January 1989) is a Chinese female table tennis player.	Mu Zi	female
sex or gender	Jae Hee-kyung (Hangul: 제희경; born 13 December 1969) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Jae Hee-kyung	male
sex or gender	Jennifer Ågren (born January 5, 1993 in Västerbotten, Sweden) is a female Swedish Taekwondo practitioner.	Jennifer Ågren	female
sex or gender	Jean Carlos Prada Pasedo (born August 4, 1984) is a male welterweight boxer from Venezuela, who represented his country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Jean Carlos Prada	male
sex or gender	Karin Melis Mey, née Karin Mey, (born 31 May 1983) is a South African-born Turkish female long jumper.	Karin Melis Mey	female
sex or gender	Nancy McCredie (born February 5, 1945 in Belleville, Ontario) is a retired female track and field athlete from Canada, who represented her native country in two events (discus and shot put) at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.	Nancy McCredie	female
sex or gender	As of 2007, Dianna Clark is the top-ranked professional female bass angler.	Dianna Clark	female
sex or gender	Candra Wijaya (Chinese: 陳甲亮, born in Cirebon, West Java, 16 September 1975) is a male Chinese Indonesian badminton player.	Candra Wijaya	male
sex or gender	Michelle Sutcliffe (born 3 February 1967) is a female boxer from England who also practices the martial arts sport of Muay Thai, where she is undefeated in nine fights, with three wins by knockout.	Michelle Sutcliffe	female
sex or gender	Michael Stember (born January 30, 1978) is a male track and field athlete from the United States, who is known for his achievements in the middle distance events.	Michael Stember	male
sex or gender	An Apsara (also spelled as Apsarasa) is a female spirit of the clouds and waters in Hindu and Buddhist mythology.	Apsara	female
sex or gender	Joan Meakin (January 7, 1910 -- November 11, 1977 born Marjorie Joan) became the first female glider pilot to fly over the English Channel on April 5, 1934.	Joan Meakin	female
sex or gender	Robyn Woodhouse (born 26 July 1943) is a former female track and field athlete from Australia, who mainly competed in the high jump event during her career.	Robyn Woodhouse	female
sex or gender	Tesfaye Eticha (born June 27, 1974) is a male long-distance runner from Switzerland (formerly Ethiopia), who won the 1994 edition of Amsterdam Marathon, clocking 2:15:56 on September 25, 1994.	Tesfaye Eticha	male
sex or gender	The duke and all his men pledged to Brennius that if the duke produced no male heirs, Brennius would succeed him as leader of the Allobroges.	Brennius	male
sex or gender	Ayisat Yusuf-Aromire (born 6 March 1985) is a retired Nigerian female football player, who now lives in Finland.	Ayisat Yusuf	female
sex or gender	Graham Ryding (born June 16, 1975 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a professional male squash player who represented Canada during his career.	Graham Ryding	male
sex or gender	Zhang Jiewen (simplified Chinese: 张洁雯; traditional Chinese: 張潔雯; pinyin: Zhāng Jiéwén; Cantonese Yale: Cheung1 Git3 Man4; born January 4, 1981 in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China) is a female badminton player from the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Jiewen	female
sex or gender	Soon after returning from her tour in Asia, Andee signed up for the fifth season of the televised Quebec singing competition, Star Académie, where she was one of the top four female finalists.	Andee	female
sex or gender	Martial Fesselier (born October 9, 1961 in Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine) is a retired male race walker from France, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics during his career, starting in 1984.	Martial Fesselier	male
sex or gender	In 1822 Franz Schubert wrote a quartet for male voices, Geist der Liebe (D.747; Op. 11, No. 3), especially for a Joseph Merk concert.	Joseph Merk	male
sex or gender	Frank Devlin (19 January 1900 -- 27 October 1988) was an Irish male badminton player.	Frank Devlin	male
sex or gender	Luis Fernando Sepúlveda Villar (born April 8, 1974) is a male professional track and road racing cyclist from Chile.	Luis Fernando Sepúlveda	male
sex or gender	The Sarah Jacobson Film Grant was set up by Sarah's longtime friend and collaborator filmmaker Sam Green and annually awards grants to young female directors.	Sarah Jacobson	female
sex or gender	Amira Mansour (born 3 May 1991) is a right-handed, female Egyptian recurve archer.	Amira Mansour	female
sex or gender	Christine Song (born June 14, 1991) is an American female professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour and formerly on the Futures Tour.	Christine Song	female
sex or gender	Kateřina Pivoňková (born May 6, 1979 in Vlašim, Středočeský) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from the Czech Republic, who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games: in 1996 and 2004.	Kateřina Pivoňková	female
sex or gender	Sheng Zetian (Chinese: 盛泽田; born November 6, 1972) is a male Chinese wrestler.	Sheng Zetian	male
sex or gender	Luis Lobo (born 9 November 1970) is a retired professional male tennis player from Argentina, who won the gold medal in the men's doubles competition at the 1995 Pan American Games.	Luis Lobo	male
sex or gender	In Greek mythology, the Naiads (Ancient Greek: Ναϊάδες) were a type of water nymph (female spirit) who presided over fountains, wells, springs, streams, brooks and other bodies of fresh water.	Naiad	female
sex or gender	Latasha Khan (born January 20, 1973 in Seattle) is a professional female squash player who has represented the United States in international competition.	Latasha Khan	female
sex or gender	Julia Hütter (born 26 July 1983) is a female pole vaulter from Germany.	Julia Hütter	female
sex or gender	Matti Mäki (born March 17, 1982 in Oulu) is a male backstroke swimmer from Finland.	Matti Mäki	male
sex or gender	Fanta Damba (born in 1938 in Ségou) is a Malian jalimuso (Bambara female Griot-singer) known to her fans as La Grande Vedette Malienne.	Fanta Damba	female
sex or gender	Delilah Asiago (born 24 February 1972) is a retired female athlete from Kenya.	Delilah Asiago	female
sex or gender	Martinez collaborated with Jewel De'Nyle on an all-female spanking and softcore bondage video entitled The Notorious Jewel De'Nyle & Shelly Martinez.	Shelly Martinez	female
sex or gender	Miss Marple may thus be considered a female version of that staple of British detective fiction, the gentleman detective.	Miss Marple	female
sex or gender	Josie Bassett (January 17, 1874 -- May 1, 1964) was a female rancher.	Josie Bassett	female
sex or gender	Jacqueline Robinson (30 January 1966 -- 9 October 2005) was a female West Indian cricketer who played one Test match and 16 women's One Day Internationals.	Jacqueline Robinson	female
sex or gender	Tanith Maxwell (born 2 June 1976 in Durban) is a female South Africa runner who has competed over distances ranging from 10 km to the marathon.	Tanith Maxwell	female
sex or gender	Wais Ibrahim Khairandesh (born 31 December 1990) is a male Afghan middle-distance runner.	Wais Ibrahim Khairandesh	male
sex or gender	Lois Abbingh (born 13 August 1992) is a Dutch female handballer who plays as a left back for HCM Baia Mare.	Lois Abbingh	female
sex or gender	Isabel Bassett Wasson (1897--1994) was one of the first female petroleum geologists in the United States, the first female ranger at Yellowstone National Park, and also one of the first interpretive rangers (male or female) hired by the National Park Service.	Isabel Bassett Wasson	female
sex or gender	Uladzimir Ignatik (Belarusian: Уладзімір Ігнацік; Russian: Владимир Игнатик; born 14 July 1990 in Belarus) is a Belarusian professional tennis player, who is the top-ranked male Belarusian tennis player in singles.	Uladzimir Ignatik	male
sex or gender	Özlem Kaya (pronounced (ˈøzlem kaˈja); born April 20, 1990 in Ardahan, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle-distance runner.	Özlem Kaya	female
sex or gender	Linda Sheskey (born October 18, 1962) is a retired female middle distance runner from the United States, who was born as Linda Detlefsen.	Linda Sheskey	female
sex or gender	Alexandra Hai, also known as Alex Hai, 40-year-old of German and Algerian descent, is the first female in the city of Venice, Italy who is paid to row clients around the city in a gondola.	Alexandra Hai	female
sex or gender	The Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance (CATAAlliance) presents a Sara Kirke Award for Woman Entrepreneurship in memory of Lady Kirke, awarded annually to Canada's leading female high tech entrepreneur.	Sara Kirke	female
sex or gender	Dimitrios Kazazis (Greek: Δημήτριος Καζάζης, born 24 October 1966) is a retired Greek male volleyball player and coach.	Dimitrios Kazazis	male
sex or gender	Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja (born 28 December 1993 in Bekasi) is a female Indonesian badminton player.	Gloria Emanuelle Widjaja	female
sex or gender	Leung Po Shan's next work was inspired by a stage performance she participated in at 20 Beans Theater, in which the female character Siu Ling committed suicide.	Leung Po Shan	female
sex or gender	Philip Ichovski (born 12 December 1991) is an Austrian male former volleyball player.	Philip Ichovski	male
sex or gender	Nickiesha Wilson (born July 28, 1986 in Kingston) is a female hurdler from Jamaica.	Nickiesha Wilson	female
sex or gender	José Alejandro Semprún (born March 12, 1973 in La Guayra) is a male long-distance runner from Venezuela.	José Alejandro Semprún	male
sex or gender	Virgil Tibbs is a fictional character who is one of the two leading male characters in John Ball's 1965 novel In the Heat of the Night, and the protagonist in six sequels to that novel.	Virgil Tibbs	male
sex or gender	Ieva Dumbauskaitė (born 7 September 1994 in Klaipėda) is a female Lithuanian beach volleyball player.	Ieva Dumbauskaitė	female
sex or gender	Lisa Cross (born 4 April 1978) is a professional British female bodybuilder.	Lisa Cross	female
sex or gender	Li Chunxia (Chinese: 黎春霞; pinyin: Lí Chūnxiá; born March 4, 1977 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a female Chinese softball player.	Li Chunxia	female
sex or gender	Zhang Chunfang (simplified Chinese: 张春芳; traditional Chinese: 張春芳; pinyin: Zhāng Chūnfāng; born March 29, 1970) is a female Chinese softball player.	Zhang Chunfang	female
sex or gender	Hennadiy Krasylnykov (Ukrainian: Геннадій Красильников; born March 30, 1977) is a retired male weightlifter from Ukraine.	Hennadiy Krasylnykov	male
sex or gender	Valentina Ivanova (Russian: Валентина Иванова; born May 10, 1963) is a retired female discus thrower from Russia, who competed in the discus contest at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Valentina Ivanova	female
sex or gender	Kim Betts (née Williams; born 25 December 1971) is an English Gymnast, bodybuilder and TV presenter best known as Lightning in the ITV show Gladiators, where she was the longest serving female star.	Kim Betts	female
sex or gender	``Madame'' Marie Aioe Dorion Venier Toupin (ca. 1786 -- September 5, 1850) was the only female member of an overland expedition sent by Pacific Fur Company to the Pacific Northwest in 1810.	Marie Aioe Dorion	female
sex or gender	Baguio Wong Bik Yiu (Chinese: 黃碧瑤; Jyutping: wong4 bik1 jiu4) is a former female table tennis player from Hong Kong.	Baguio Wong	female
sex or gender	Raimi Merritt is a professional wakeboarder and is one of the top female athletes in the sport of wakeboarding.	Raimi Merritt	female
sex or gender	Aedesia (Greek: Αἰδεσία) was a female philosopher of the Neoplatonic school who lived in Alexandria in the fifth century.	Aedesia	female
sex or gender	Petrona Rosende (1797--1863) was the first female journalist in Argentina.	Petrona Rosende	female
sex or gender	Shafiga Akhundova (Azerbaijani: Şəfiqə Axundova; January 21, 1924 -- July 26, 2013) was a prominent Azerbaijani composer, the first professional female author of an opera in the East and People's Artist of Azerbaijan.	Shafiga Akhundova	female
sex or gender	Bao Yingying (Chinese: 包盈盈; pinyin: Bāo Yíngyíng; born 6 November 1983 in Qidong, Nantong, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese sabre fencer, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Bao Yingying	female
sex or gender	Karel Schwarzenberg is the current 12th Prince of Schwarzenberg, through his adoption by Heinrich Schwarzenberg, the brother of Joseph Schwarzenberg, the 11th Prince and last male member of the major Schwarzenberg line (First Majorat).	Karel Schwarzenberg	male
sex or gender	Floriane Chinsky, born in Paris and ordained in Jerusalem, became Belgium's first female rabbi in 2005 at Beth Hillel in Brussels.	Floriane Chinsky	female
sex or gender	Wang Linwei (simplified Chinese: 王琳炜; traditional Chinese: 王琳煒; pinyin: Wáng Línwěi; born August 29, 1956) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Wang Linwei	female
sex or gender	Jiang Yanjiao (simplified Chinese: 蒋燕皎; traditional Chinese: 蔣燕皎; pinyin: Jiǎng Yànjiǎo), is a female badminton player from the People's Republic of China.	Jiang Yanjiao	female
sex or gender	Agata Durajczyk (born 19 August 1989) is a Polish female volleyball player, playing as a libero.	Agata Durajczyk	female
sex or gender	Following a dispute with the court composer Heinichen in 1720, which led to his dismissal, Senesino was engaged by Handel as primo uomo (lead male singer) in his company, the Royal Academy of Music.	Senesino	male
sex or gender	Virginie Arnold (born December 24, 1979 in Biscarrosse, Landes) is a female archer from France.	Virginie Arnold	female
sex or gender	Thea Rasche (12 August 1899 -- 25 February 1971), was Germany's first female aerobatics pilot.	Thea Rasche	female
sex or gender	Asfaw Wossen (Amharic: አስፋ ወሰን?, āsfā wossen) is an Ethiopic male given name.	Asfaw Wossen	male
sex or gender	High says that Loki's alternative name is Lopt, that he is the son of the male jötunn Farbauti, his mother is ``Laufey or Nál'', and his brothers are Helblindi and Býleistr.	Loki	male
sex or gender	Qiu Haitao (simplified Chinese: 邱海涛; traditional Chinese: 邱海濤; pinyin: Qiū Hǎitāo; born August 15, 1973) is a female Chinese softball player.	Qiu Haitao	female
sex or gender	Sunder Deodhar (married Sunder Patwardhan) is a female badminton player from India.	Sunder Deodhar	female
sex or gender	Li Wenquan (Chinese: 李文全; pinyin: Lǐ Wénquán; born 18 January 1986 in Guangxi) is a male archer from Gaotian village, Yangshuo County, Guilin City in the People's Republic of China.	Li Wenquan	male
sex or gender	Guo Yihan (Chinese: 郭奕含, born on March 9, 1995 in Jilin) is a Chinese female short track speed skater.	Guo Yihan	female
sex or gender	Nick Ponting is a former professional male badminton player from England.	Nick Ponting	male
sex or gender	Anna Świrszczyńska (also known as Anna Swir) (1909--1984) was a Polish poet whose works deal with themes including her experiences during World War II, motherhood, the female body, and sensuality.	Anna Świrszczyńska	female
sex or gender	Sebastian Dehmer (born 1982-02-14 in Darmstadt, Hessen) is a male athlete from Germany, who competes in triathlon.	Sebastian Dehmer	male
sex or gender	Kate Warne (1833 -- January 28, 1868) was the first female detective in the United States.	Kate Warne	female
sex or gender	Justinas Kinderis (born 24 May 1987) is a male Lithuanian modern pentathlete who won a bronze medal at 2010 World Modern Pentathlon Championships.	Justinas Kinderis	male
sex or gender	Raúl Domínguez Romero (born August 15, 1972) is a retired male track cyclist from Cuba.	Raúl Domínguez	male
sex or gender	Jenny Burton (born November 18, 1957, New York), is an American female R&B singer who had several hits on the US Billboard dance chart.	Jenny Burton	female
sex or gender	Lidia Borda whom the ``Rolling Stone Magazine'' described as ``the best tango singer of the present'' is regarded as the best female voice in the last decades, and she has been widely acclaimed.	Lidia Borda	female
sex or gender	Helen Nichol (born 18 February 1981 in Burlington, Ontario) is a female badminton player from Canada, who won the gold medal in the women's doubles competition at the 2003 Pan American Games, partnering Charmaine Reid.	Helen Nichol	female
sex or gender	The players can play as a male or a female Beorning, and can transform into a bear after building up sufficient wrath whilst engaged in combat.	Beorn	male
sex or gender	Prince Cecil was studying engineering at college when director Teja came to Visakhapatnam to find for a male lead for his film, Neeku Naaku Dash Dash.	Prince Cecil	male
sex or gender	Dominique Guebey (born May 23, 1952 in Lyon, Rhône) is a male French racewalker who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Dominique Guebey	male
taxon rank	Bonamia menziesii, commonly known as Hawaiʻi Lady's Nightcap, is a species of flowering plant in the morning glory family, Convolvulaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Bonamia menziesii	species
taxon rank	Tetraophasis is a genus of Galliform in the family Phasianidae, which includes pheasants, Perdixs, grouse, turkeyss, tragopan, and koklass.	Tetraophasis	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea glabra is a species of tree fern native to Borneo, western Java, Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, where it grows in lowland swamp forest and montane forest at an elevation of up to 1500 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and 2-4 m tall.	Cyathea glabra	species
taxon rank	Dolichoderus explicans is an extinct species of Oligocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus explicans	species
taxon rank	Ancylodes dealbatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ancylodes.	Ancylodes dealbatella	species
taxon rank	Storrsia olsoni is a species of sand stargazer native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it can be found in tide pools at depths of from 0 to 1 metre (0.0 to 3.3 ft).	Storrsia olsoni	species
taxon rank	Ngapakaldia is an extinct genus of marsupial, related to the modern koala and wombat.	Ngapakaldia	genus
taxon rank	Arminoidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Nudibranchia.	Arminoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Stemmops is a genus of small theridiid spiders that mostly occur in America, from the USA to Brazil.	Stemmops	genus
taxon rank	Philodromus bosmansi is a spider species found in Sardinia and Algeria.	Philodromus bosmansi	species
taxon rank	Eisenia arborea, or the southern sea palm (not to be confused with the sea palm), is a dominant species of kelp that is found in the Northern and Eastern Pacific from Vancouver Island, Canada south to Isla Magdalena, Mexico, and along the coast of Baja California.	Eisenia arborea	species
taxon rank	The forked ferns are the family Gleicheniaceae.	Gleicheniaceae	family
taxon rank	Gyrostigma is a genus of botfly which parasitize rhinoceroses.	Gyrostigma	genus
taxon rank	Allium fedschenkoanum is a plant species found high in the high mountains of Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Xinjiang, Xizang (Tibet) and Tajikistan.	Allium fedschenkoanum	species
taxon rank	Alstonia macrophylla or Hard alstonia, Hard milkwood or Big-leaved macrophyllum is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family.	Alstonia macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Aralia spinosa, commonly known as Devil's Walkingstick, is a woody species of plants in the genus Aralia, family Araliaceae, native to eastern North America.	Aralia spinosa	species
taxon rank	Selenocosmia stirlingi is a species of spider with the common name barking spider.	Selenocosmia stirlingi	species
taxon rank	Perlucidibaca piscinae is the only known species of the genus Perlucidibaca.	Perlucidibaca piscinae	species
taxon rank	Tetragenococcus muriaticus is a species of moderately halophilic lactic acid, histamine-producing bacteria.	Tetragenococcus muriaticus	species
taxon rank	The Pasteuriaceae are a family of Gram positive bacteria.	Pasteuriaceae	family
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Inbioxa epithecae, which is found in Costa Rica.	Inbioxa	species
taxon rank	Scindapsus pictus (satin pothos, silver vine) is a species of flowering plant in the arum family Araceae, native to Bangladesh, Thailand, Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo, Java, Sumatra, Sulawesi, and the Philippines.	Scindapsus pictus	species
taxon rank	Aldabrinus aldabrinus is a species of pseudoscorpion that is known from Aldabra in the Seychelles and from Mozambique.	Aldabrinus aldabrinus	species
taxon rank	Paralophonotus auroguttata is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Paralophonotus.	Paralophonotus auroguttata	species
taxon rank	Aepus gallaecus is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family, that is endemic to Spain.	Aepus gallaecus	species
taxon rank	The Bovini tribe is made up of large to very large grazers, including large animals of great economic significance to humans in Domestic Cattle, Domestic buffalo, and the Yak, as well as smaller Asian relatives, and large free-roaming bovids in the African Buffalo and the American Bison.	Bovini	tribe
taxon rank	Lasius coloradensis is a species of ant belonging to the Lasius genus, formerly apart of the genus (now a subgenus) Acanthomyops.	Lasius coloradensis	species
taxon rank	Synodontis kogonensis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Guinea, where it occurs in the Kogon and Fatala rivers.	Synodontis kogonensis	species
taxon rank	Thorius troglodytes (common name: Taylor's pigmy salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae that is endemic to Mexico.	Thorius troglodytes	species
taxon rank	Miresa habenichti is a moth species in the family of Limacodidae found in Mozambique.	Miresa habenichti	species
taxon rank	Imperata is a small but widespread genus of tropical and subtropical grasses, commonly known as satintails.	Imperata	genus
taxon rank	Tachina asiatica is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to India.	Tachina asiatica	species
taxon rank	Calytrix amethystina is a species of flowering plant of the Myrtaceae family.	Calytrix amethystina	species
taxon rank	The Anthaspidellidae are an extinct family of sponges whose dendroclone spicules form ladder-like trabs.	Anthaspidellidae	family
taxon rank	It contains the single species Hestiarcha pyrrhopa, which is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from South Australia.	Hestiarcha	species
taxon rank	Larryleachia is a genus of stapeliad succulent flowering plants in the family Asclepiadaceae.	Larryleachia	genus
taxon rank	Alvinocarididae is a family of shrimp, originally described by M. L. Christoffersen in 1986 from samples collected by DSV Alvin, from which they derive their name.	Alvinocarididae	family
taxon rank	Oryzomys is a genus of semiaquatic rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini living in southern North America and far northern South America.	Oryzomys	genus
taxon rank	Grindelia oaxacana is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Grindelia oaxacana	species
taxon rank	Allium juldusicola is a rare species of wild onion apparently endemic to western part of Xinjiang Province in China.	Allium juldusicola	species
taxon rank	Elephantopus carolinianus, common names Carolina elephantsfoot or leafy elephant's foot, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Elephantopus carolinianus	species
taxon rank	Athrotaxis cupressoides is a species of Athrotaxis, endemic to Tasmania in Australia, where it grows at 700--1,300 m altitude.	Athrotaxis cupressoides	species
taxon rank	Cyathea horridula is a species of tree fern native to western New Guinea, where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of approximately 1700 m. It is a rare plant known only from the type locality.	Cyathea horridula	species
taxon rank	Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus is a common species of millipede found in India.	Phyllogonostreptus nigrolabiatus	species
taxon rank	The Mexican long-tailed shrew (Sorex oreopolus) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Mexican long-tailed shrew	species
taxon rank	Kurtziella perryae is a species of very small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	Kurtziella perryae	species
taxon rank	Bulimulus chemitzioides s a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae.	Bulimulus chemitzioides	species
taxon rank	Hibiscus lasiocarpos (also, H. lasiocarpus) is a species of hibiscus known by the common name hairy-fruited hibiscus.	Hibiscus lasiocarpos	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus mariagratiae is a species of bug from the Miridae family that is endemic to Crete.	Orthotylus mariagratiae	species
taxon rank	Prosartes smithii is a North American species of flowering plants known by the common name largeflower fairybells.	Prosartes smithii	species
taxon rank	Paracristenes fergussoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracristenes.	Paracristenes fergussoni	species
taxon rank	Garrya veatchii is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names canyon silktassel and Veatch silktassel.	Garrya veatchii	species
taxon rank	Diplodonta semiaspera, or the pimpled diplodon, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Ungulinidae.	Diplodonta semiaspera	species
taxon rank	Abronia turbinata is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name transmontane sand-verbena.	Abronia turbinata	species
taxon rank	Orcuttia californica is a rare species of grass known by the common name California Orcutt grass.	Orcuttia californica	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Rhipidiomyces acriti.	Rhipidiomyces	species
taxon rank	Dinophysis acuminata is a marine plankton species belonging to the phylum Dinoflagellate that is found in coastal waters of the north Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Dinophysis acuminata	species
taxon rank	Amata humeralis is a species of moth of the family Arctiidae It is found in Australia., where it has been recorded from Western Australia, the Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales.	Amata humeralis	species
taxon rank	Chaenocephalus aceratus, the blackfin icefish, is a species of crocodile icefish known from around Bouvet Island and the northern Antarctic Peninsula where it occurs at depths of 5 to 770 metres (16 to 2,526 ft).	Chaenocephalus aceratus	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis bituberculatus, commonly known as Peters' Sea Snake, is a species of venomous elapid.	Hydrophis bituberculatus	species
taxon rank	Rhopalosomatidae is a family of Hymenoptera containing about 68 extant species in four genera that are found worldwide.	Rhopalosomatidae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces gulbargensis is an alkalitolerant and thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Gulbarga in the Karnataka in India.	Streptomyces gulbargensis	species
taxon rank	Tanipone is a Malagasy genus of ants in the subfamily Dorylinae.	Tanipone	genus
taxon rank	Viguierella is a genus of Madagascan plants in the grass family.	Viguierella	genus
taxon rank	Arta brevivalvalis is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae that is endemic to Arizona.	Arta brevivalvalis	species
taxon rank	Atopocottus tribranchius is a species of sculpin native to the Sea of Japan where it is only known from the waters off of Niigata Prefecture.	Atopocottus tribranchius	species
taxon rank	Gorgonocephalus is a genus of marine basket stars in the class Ophiuroidea.	Gorgonocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Acaena juvenca is a species of perennial plant found in scrubland and forest margins up to an altitude of 1200 m on the eastern side of both North and South Islands, New Zealand.	Acaena juvenca	species
taxon rank	Tumiditarsus cicatricornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Tumiditarsus.	Tumiditarsus	species
taxon rank	Litoria humboldtorum is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Papua Province of Indonesia, and found on Yapen Island (its type locality) as well as on foothills of the Foja Mountains in the mainland New Guinea.	Litoria humboldtorum	species
taxon rank	Micropechis ikaheka, commonly known as the New Guinea small-eyed snake or Ikaheka snake, is a highly venomous elapid, the only species in the genus Micropechis.	Micropechis ikaheka	species
taxon rank	Acanthophis is a genus of elapid snakes.	Acanthophis	genus
taxon rank	Kosmoceras is a moderately evolute ammonite genus from the upper Callovian (Middle Jurassic) of Europe with a simple apterure and irregular ribbing interrupted by an irregular row of lateral tubercles.	Kosmoceras	genus
taxon rank	Hoplorana is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species: subgenus Hoplorana Hoplorana attenuata Fairmaire, 1898 Hoplorana fuscovestita Breuning, 1970 Hoplorana mussardi Breuning, 1957 Hoplorana parterufa Breuning, 1980 Hoplorana quadricristata Fairmaire, 1896 Hoplorana vadoni Breuning, 1957 subgenus Parhoplorana Hoplorana nigroscutata Fairmaire, 1905	Hoplorana	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus tethys is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around New Caledonia.	Callionymus tethys	species
taxon rank	Melianthus comosus (honey flower) is a species of flowering plant in the family Melianthaceae.	Melianthus comosus	species
taxon rank	Paraenicodes annulifer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraenicodes.	Paraenicodes annulifer	species
taxon rank	The Myxobolidae are a family of myxosporean parasites which typically infect freshwater fishes, and includes the economically significant species, Myxobolus cerebralis.	Myxobolidae	family
taxon rank	Zelkova sicula is a species of Zelkova in the family Ulmaceae, endemic to Sicily.	Zelkova sicula	species
taxon rank	Panicum decompositum, known by the common names native millet, Australian millet, papa grass, and umbrella grass, is a species of grass native to the inland of Australia.	Panicum decompositum	species
taxon rank	Causus resimus is a venomous viper species found in isolated populations distributed across tropical Africa.	Causus resimus	species
taxon rank	Ischnura genei, the island bluetail damselfly, is a species of damselfly that replaces the blue-tailed damselfly on some Mediterranean islands (e.g., Corsica and Sardinia, where the two species are not known to coexist) - it is found on four islands.	Ischnura genei	species
taxon rank	Oligonychus sacchari, the sugarcane mite, yellow mite or sugarcane yellow mite, is a species of mite.	Oligonychus sacchari	species
taxon rank	Nebria cordicollis heeri is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Switzerland.	Nebria cordicollis heeri	subspecies
taxon rank	Aloe falcata is a species of aloe.	Aloe falcata	species
taxon rank	Ocypode brevicornis is a species of ghost crabs native to the Indian Ocean, from the Gulf of Oman to the Nicobar Islands.	Ocypode brevicornis	species
taxon rank	Cosmetalepas concatenata, common name the pitted keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Cosmetalepas concatenata	species
taxon rank	Aiolocaria hexaspilota is a beetle species from the lady beetle family (Coccinellidae); adults can be as large as 13mm long.	Aiolocaria hexaspilota	species
taxon rank	Diplotomodon (meaning ``double cutting tooth'') is a dubious genus of reptile, possibly a theropod dinosaur, from New Jersey.	Diplotomodon	genus
taxon rank	Baccharis klattii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family that is endemic to Ecuador.	Baccharis klattii	species
taxon rank	Torulaspora delbrueckii is a ubiquitous yeast species with both wild and anthropic habitats.	Torulaspora delbrueckii	species
taxon rank	Dimorphotheca is a genus of plants in the sunflower family, native to Africa and Australia.	Dimorphotheca	genus
taxon rank	Astroboa is a genus of basket stars in the class Ophiuroidea.	Astroboa	genus
taxon rank	Conus striatus, common name the striated cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus striatus	species
taxon rank	Aspidura guentheri, commonly known as Günther's rough-sided snake or කුඩා මැඩිල්ලා (kuda medilla) in Sinhala, is a species of colubrid snake endemic to Sri Lanka.	Aspidura guentheri	species
taxon rank	Ctenium elegans is an annual grass species in the genus Ctenium from African savanna areas.	Ctenium elegans	species
taxon rank	Ptilotus is a genus of mostly perennial herbs or shrubs in the family Amaranthaceae.	Ptilotus	genus
taxon rank	Careproctus pallidus is a species of snailfish found around Tierra del Fuego in the far south of South America.	Careproctus pallidus	species
taxon rank	Larra anathema is a species of parasitoid wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae.	Larra anathema	species
taxon rank	Libanopristis is an extinct genus of sawfish belonging to the family Sclerorhynchidae.	Libanopristis	genus
taxon rank	Mikadotrochus beyrichii, common name Beyrich's slit shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae.	Mikadotrochus beyrichii	species
taxon rank	Paladilhia hungarica is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Paladilhia hungarica	species
taxon rank	Bubas bubalus is a species of beetle of the subfamily Scarabaeinae within the family Scarabaeidae.	Bubas bubalus	species
taxon rank	Remya mauiensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Maui remya.	Remya mauiensis	species
taxon rank	'Hemipterochilus' is a palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Hemipterochilus	genus
taxon rank	Vitis tsoii is a species of wild grape in the Vitaceae family.	Vitis tsoii	species
taxon rank	Bothrops lojanus, or the Lojan lancehead, is a species of venomous pit viper in the Viperidae family.	Bothrops lojanus	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis klossi, commonly known as Kloss's sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Hydrophis klossi	species
taxon rank	Poa sieberiana, commonly known as grey tussock-grass and snow grass, is a species of tussock grass that is endemic to Australia.	Poa sieberiana	species
taxon rank	Gasterophilus is a genus of parasitic flies in the family Oestridae which includes the horse botfly.	Gasterophilus	genus
taxon rank	Cleomella brevipes is a species of flowering plant in the cleome family known by the common name shortstalk stinkweed.	Cleomella brevipes	species
taxon rank	Tabanus cordiger also known as the plain-eyed grey horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus cordiger	species
taxon rank	Gigaspermaceae are a family of mosses in subclass Funariidae.	Gigaspermaceae	family
taxon rank	Draba densifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known as the denseleaf draba.	Draba densifolia	species
taxon rank	Mesoraphidiidae is an extinct family of snakeflies in the suborder Raphidiomorpha.	Mesoraphidiidae	family
taxon rank	Ciulfina klassi is a species of praying mantis in the genus Ciulfina in the order Mantodea.	Ciulfina klassi	species
taxon rank	Chartergellus is a genus of eusocial wasps of Epiponini with ten described species.	Chartergellus	genus
taxon rank	The Perote ground squirrel (Xerospermosphilus perotensis) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Perote ground squirrel	species
taxon rank	Tuber macrosporum, commonly known as the smooth black truffle, is a species of edible truffle in the family Tuberaceae.	Tuber macrosporum	species
taxon rank	Alternanthera caracasana is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names khakiweed, washerwoman and mat chaff flower.	Alternanthera caracasana	species
taxon rank	Vandeleuria is a small genus of rodent from Asia with only three species.	Vandeleuria	genus
taxon rank	Thalassius albocinctus, commonly called the fishing spider, is a species of spider found in tropical Asia from India to the Philippines.	Thalassius albocinctus	species
taxon rank	Aristolochia longa (Long Aristolochia, Sarrasine) is a species of pipevine.	Aristolochia longa	species
taxon rank	Penicillium flavigenum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penitrem A, penicillin and roquefortine C.	Penicillium flavigenum	species
taxon rank	Reymondia minor is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Reymondia minor	species
taxon rank	Batyrosaurus is an extinct genus of herbivorous basal hadrosauroid dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous Bostobinskaya Formation (Santonian to Campanian stage) of central Kazakhstan.	Batyrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Osphronemus laticlavius, common name Giant red tail gourami, is a species of gourami belonging to the family Osphronemidae.	Osphronemus laticlavius	species
taxon rank	Citharinus is a genus of lutefishes from tropical Africa, with six currently described species:	Citharinus	genus
taxon rank	Phonodus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile.	Phonodus	genus
taxon rank	Arisaema jacquemontii is a species of flowering plant from Araceae family that can be found growing on rocky slopes and in the forests on the elevation of 2,400--4,000 metres (7,900--13,100 ft) in 'Afghanistan, East Asia and Himalayas.	Arisaema jacquemontii	species
taxon rank	Crocidium multicaule is a species of plants in the daisy family known by the common name spring gold.	Crocidium multicaule	species
taxon rank	Calliophis bibroni, commonly known as Bibron's coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake, which is native to India.	Calliophis bibroni	species
taxon rank	Prothalotia flindersi, common name the Flinders top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Prothalotia flindersi	species
taxon rank	Escobaria missouriensis, the Missouri foxtail cactus and formerly Coryphantha missouriensis, is a species of low-growing North American cacti.	Escobaria missouriensis	species
taxon rank	Granatellus is a genus of bird previously placed in the family Parulidae, although biochemical evidence suggests it belongs in Cardinalidae, a move followed by the American Ornithologists' Union in 2009.	Granatellus	genus
taxon rank	Bulla quoyii, or the brown bubble snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullidae, the bubble snails.	Bulla quoyii	species
taxon rank	Euposauridae was a family of lizards from the Jurassic of Europe.	Euposauridae	family
taxon rank	Eucalyptus muelleriana, commonly known as Yellow Stringybark, is a species of Eucalyptus which is native to New South Wales and Victoria in Australia.	Eucalyptus muelleriana	species
taxon rank	Urocoptis is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Urocoptidae.	Urocoptis	genus
taxon rank	The Horned Dendrobium (Dendrobium ceraula) is a species of orchid endemic to the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Dendrobium ceraula	species
taxon rank	Dicerandra cornutissima is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name longspurred mint, longspurred balm, and Robin's mint.	Dicerandra cornutissima	species
taxon rank	Oxystelma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1810.	Oxystelma	genus
taxon rank	This genus was named and described in 2008 by its discoverer Rico Stecher; the type species is Raeticodactylus filisurensis.	Raeticodactylus	species
taxon rank	Aioliops is a genus of dartfishes native to the central western Pacific Ocean.	Aioliops	genus
taxon rank	Eriastrum diffusum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name miniature woollystar.	Eriastrum diffusum	species
taxon rank	Epichirostenotes is a genus of oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous.	Epichirostenotes	genus
taxon rank	Neorhodomela larix, commonly known as black pine, is a species of red algae native to coastal areas of the North Pacific, from Mexico to the Bering Sea to Japan.	Neorhodomela larix	species
taxon rank	The genus name Bonitasaura refers to the fossil quarry's name, ``La Bonita'', while the name of the type species, B. salgadoi, pays homage to Leonardo Salgado, a renowned Argentine palaeontologist.	Bonitasaura	genus
taxon rank	Symphyotrichum frondosum (formerly Aster frondosus) is a species of aster known by the common name short-rayed alkali aster.	Symphyotrichum frondosum	species
taxon rank	Philautus everetti is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in the Philippines.	Philautus everetti	species
taxon rank	Wilkesia gymnoxiphium (Hawaiian iliau), is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family, Asteraceae, that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi.	Wilkesia gymnoxiphium	species
taxon rank	Cornus suecica (dwarf cornel or bunchberry) is a species of flowering plant in the dogwood family Cornaceae, native to cool temperate and subarctic regions of Europe and Asia, and also locally in extreme northeastern and northwestern North America.	Cornus suecica	species
taxon rank	Lonicera fragrantissima is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names winter honeysuckle, fragrant honeysuckle, January jasmine, Chinese honeysuckle, kiss-me-at-the-gate, and sweet breath of spring.	Lonicera fragrantissima	species
taxon rank	Drosera filiformis, commonly known as the Thread-leaved sundew, is a small, insectivorous, rosette forming species of perennial herb.	Drosera filiformis	species
taxon rank	Doryrhamphus janssi, commonly known as the Janss' pipefish , is a species of pipefish belonging to the family Syngnathidae.	Doryrhamphus janssi	species
taxon rank	Grevillea neurophylla, commonly known as Granite Grevillea, is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae.	Grevillea neurophylla	species
taxon rank	Hibiscus dasycalyx is a species of hibiscus known by the common name Neches River rosemallow.	Hibiscus dasycalyx	species
taxon rank	Arctosaurus (meaning ``arctic lizard'') is an extinct genus of reptile originally classified as a small reptile of unknown affinities, but was often classified as a sauropodomorph dinosaur in the years to follow.	Arctosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Mammillaria dioica, also called the strawberry cactus, California fishhook cactus, strawberry pincusion or fishhook cactus, is a cactus species of the genus Mammillaria.	Mammillaria dioica	species
taxon rank	Pleuronectes is a genus of righteye flounders found in the northern oceans.	Pleuronectes	genus
taxon rank	Chaenopsis schmitti, the Yellow-mouth pikeblenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Chaenopsis schmitti	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis gaigei (common name: Fort Randolph robber frog or Gaige's rain frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis gaigei	species
taxon rank	Iaceornis is a prehistoric marine bird genus endemic to North America during the Late Cretaceous living about 83.5 mya.	Iaceornis	genus
taxon rank	Diala semistriata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dialidae.	Diala semistriata	species
taxon rank	Trifolium howellii is a species of clover known by the common names canyon clover and Howell's clover.	Trifolium howellii	species
taxon rank	Lupinus adsurgens is a species of lupine known by the common name Drew's silky lupine.	Lupinus adsurgens	species
taxon rank	Platanthera yosemitensis, the Yosemite bog orchid, is a species of orchid that is endemic to nine wet montane meadows between the main stem and the South Fork of the Merced River in Yosemite National Park.	Platanthera yosemitensis	species
taxon rank	Garra lamta is a species of cyprinid in the genus Garra.	Garra lamta	species
taxon rank	Chama macerophylla, or the leafy jewel box clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae.	Chama macerophylla	species
taxon rank	The Cosmosoma cardinale is described as a day-flying moth, meaning that unlike most species of moth it is active during the day and sleeps at night.	Cosmosoma cardinale	species
taxon rank	Calliomorpha cyanoptera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Calliomorpha.	Calliomorpha cyanoptera	species
taxon rank	Tacca leontopetaloides is a species of flowering plant in the yam family Dioscoreaceae, that is native to tropical Africa, South Asia, Southeast Asia, northern Australia, New Guinea, Samoa, Micronesia, and Fiji.	Tacca leontopetaloides	species
taxon rank	Dalea reverchonii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Comanche Peak prairie-clover.	Dalea reverchonii	species
taxon rank	Oplodontha viridula, the common green colonel, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oplodontha viridula	species
taxon rank	Atelornis is a small genus of birds in the ground-roller family Brachypteraciidae.	Atelornis	genus
taxon rank	Ochthochloa is a genus of desert plants in the grass family native to the Sahara and Arabian Deserts.	Ochthochloa	genus
taxon rank	Agave delamateri is a species of plant in the agave subfamily, Agavoideae.	Agave delamateri	species
taxon rank	Maoraxidae is an extinct family of snails, gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Maoraxidae	family
taxon rank	Gymnocalycium saglionis is a globular cactus species from South America.	Gymnocalycium saglionis	species
taxon rank	Metaxmeste phrygialis is a species of moth of the Crambidae family, found in mountainous areas of Europe, including the Alps.	Metaxmeste phrygialis	species
taxon rank	Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii is a species of arsenite-oxidizing haloalkaliphilic gammaproteobacterium capable of chemoautotrophic or heterotrophic growth.	Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii	species
taxon rank	Polygala calcarea (chalk milkwort) is a species of flowering plant in the family Polygalaceae, native to western Europe.	Polygala calcarea	species
taxon rank	Cupressus duclouxiana, known commonly as the Chinese cypress or Yunnan cypress, is a species of conifer in the cypress family, Cupressaceae.	Cupressus duclouxiana	species
taxon rank	Polygonum minimum is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name broadleaf knotweed.	Polygonum minimum	species
taxon rank	Drosera fimbriata, the Manypeaks sundew, is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera fimbriata	species
taxon rank	Ectocarpales is a very large order in the brown algae (class Phaeophyceae).	Ectocarpales	order
taxon rank	Lockhartia parthenocomos is a species of orchid native to South America.	Lockhartia parthenocomos	species
taxon rank	Parinari campestris is a species of tree in the plant family Chrysobalanaceae which is native to Trinidad, the Guianas, Venezuela and Brazil.	Parinari campestris	species
taxon rank	The Chinese water shrew (Chimarrogale styani) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Chinese water shrew	species
taxon rank	Zamia dressleri is a species of plant in the family Zamiaceae family.	Zamia dressleri	species
taxon rank	Gould's petrel (Pterodroma leucoptera) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family.	Gould's petrel	species
taxon rank	Acropora pharaonis is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Milne-Edwards and Haime in 1860.	Acropora pharaonis	species
taxon rank	Boreostereum is a genus of corticioid fungi.	Boreostereum	genus
taxon rank	Conasprella kohni is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, known as the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conasprella kohni	species
taxon rank	Rossia glaucopis is a species of bobtail squid native to the southeastern Pacific Ocean, specifically the waters around Chile.	Rossia glaucopis	species
taxon rank	More than 50 species of plants are potential hosts for Wound tumor virus.	Wound tumor virus	species
taxon rank	Oligacanthorhynchida is an order containing a single family, Oligacanthorhynchidae, of parasitic worms that attach themselves to the intestinal wall of terrestrial vertebrates	Oligacanthorhynchidae	order
taxon rank	Dialidae, common name dialids, is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Dialidae	family
taxon rank	Cambarus pecki (formerly Procambarus pecki), sometimes called the phantom cave crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Cambarus pecki	species
taxon rank	Abbasites is an extinct ammonite genus from the early Middle Jurassic included in the ammonitid family Erycitidae.	Abbasites	genus
taxon rank	Ceroxys fraudulosa is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae.	Ceroxys fraudulosa	species
taxon rank	Fragaria orientalis is a diploid species of wild strawberry native to E. Asia - Eastern Siberia.	Fragaria orientalis	species
taxon rank	The Thiotrichaceae are a family of Proteobacteria, including Thiomargarita namibiensis, the largest known bacterium.	Thiotrichaceae	family
taxon rank	Triphasia is a small genus of three species in the family Rutaceae, related to Citrus.	Triphasia	genus
taxon rank	Ruppia megacarpa is a submerged herb species in the genus Ruppia found in shallow brackish waters.	Ruppia megacarpa	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pseudacrobasis nankingella, which is found in France, Spain, Japan, China, Korea and Russia.	Pseudacrobasis	species
taxon rank	Wettinia minima is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family found only in Ecuador.	Wettinia minima	species
taxon rank	Sand stargazers are blennioids; perciform marine fish of the family Dactyloscopidae.	Sand stargazer	family
taxon rank	Wardia is a monotypic genus of mosses in the subclass Dicranidae; it contains only the species Wardia hygrometrica, ``an aquatic moss endemic to the Western Cape province of South Africa.''	Wardia	species
taxon rank	Scotophilus is a genus of vespertilionid bats commonly called yellow bats.	Scotophilus	genus
taxon rank	Melanochromis robustus is a species of cichlid in the Cichlidae endemic to Lake Malawi.	Melanochromis robustus	species
taxon rank	Pachyornis is an extinct genus of ratites from New Zealand which belonged to the moa family.	Pachyornis	genus
taxon rank	Rubus trilobus (boulder raspberry or delicious raspberry) is Mesoamerican species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus trilobus	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Parvomyces merophysiae.	Parvomyces	species
taxon rank	Notiosorex cockrumi, also called Cockrum's gray shrew or Cockrum's desert shrew, is a tiny species of shrew named in 2003.	Notiosorex cockrumi	species
taxon rank	Nothrotherium is an extinct genus of medium-sized ground sloth from South America and Mexico.	Nothrotherium	genus
taxon rank	Potentilla diversifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Rose Family (Rosaceae) known by the common names varileaf cinquefoil, different-leaved cinquefoil, and mountain meadow cinquefoil.	Potentilla diversifolia	species
taxon rank	Perityle emoryi is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Emory's rockdaisy.	Perityle emoryi	species
taxon rank	Ambrosia bidentata (lanceleaf ragweed) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Ambrosia bidentata	species
taxon rank	Nocardia asteroides is a species of Nocardia.	Nocardia asteroides	species
taxon rank	Stegolophodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean.	Stegolophodon	genus
taxon rank	Calophyllum neoebudicum is a species of tree in the Calophyllaceae family.	Calophyllum neoebudicum	species
taxon rank	Solidago pringlei is a Mexican species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago pringlei	species
taxon rank	Flabellina rubrolineata, commonly called also red-lined flabellina, is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine heterobranch mollusc in the family Flabellinidae.	Flabellina rubrolineata	species
taxon rank	Trophis scandens, commonly named burny vine, is a species of large woody vines, constituting part of the fig plant family.	Trophis scandens	species
taxon rank	Greenwoodochromis is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in Africa.	Greenwoodochromis	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma tricolor, common name the three-coloured top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma tricolor	species
taxon rank	Calliotropis chuni is a species of sea snail; a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.	Calliotropis chuni	species
taxon rank	Marywadea ovata is the only species known.	Marywadea	species
taxon rank	Glaphyrina caudata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Glaphyrina caudata	species
taxon rank	Lagenoderus is a genus of leaf-rolling weevil that is noted for being strongly sexually dimorphic.	Lagenoderus	genus
taxon rank	Magnolia sieboldii, Siebold's Magnolia, also known as Oyama Magnolia, is a species of Magnolia native to east Asia in China, Japan, and Korea.	Magnolia sieboldii	species
taxon rank	Penicillium longicatenatum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in South Africa.	Penicillium longicatenatum	species
taxon rank	Selaginella eremophila is a species of spikemoss known by the common name desert spikemoss.	Selaginella eremophila	species
taxon rank	Species The only known species is Toiyabea alpina, the alpine serpentweed, native to the Toiyabe and Toquima Mountains of central Nevada (Nye and Lander Counties).	Toiyabea	species
taxon rank	Hylaeus alcyoneus, commonly known as the banksia bee, is a bee species endemic to Australia where it is commonly found in the coastal heaths of eastern and southern Western Australia.	Hylaeus alcyoneus	species
taxon rank	Hydrophilus piceus is a species of beetle in the family Hydrophilidae, the water scavenger beetles.	Hydrophilus piceus	species
taxon rank	Heterogen longispira is a species of operculate freshwater snail, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae.	Heterogen longispira	species
taxon rank	Plagusia is a genus of crabs in the family Grapsidae, containing the following species:	Plagusia	genus
taxon rank	Cyphipelta is a genus of Australian hoverflies.	Cyphipelta	genus
taxon rank	Oxalis schaeferi is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family.	Oxalis schaeferi	species
taxon rank	Allium saxatile is a Eurasian species of onion native to European Russia, Belarus, Caucasus, and the Altai Krai region in Siberia.	Allium saxatile	species
taxon rank	Mattfeldanthus is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in Ironweed tribe within the sunflower family.	Mattfeldanthus	genus
taxon rank	Euaraliopsis dumicola is a species of flowering plant in the family Araliaceae.	Euaraliopsis dumicola	species
taxon rank	The Brachypsectridae are a family of beetles commonly known as the Texas beetles.	Brachypsectridae	family
taxon rank	Hydrangea aspera is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrangaceae, native to the region between the Himalayas, across southern China, to Taiwan.	Hydrangea aspera	species
taxon rank	Aromobates orostoma (common name: Tachira rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates orostoma	species
taxon rank	Porcellio pulverulentus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Spain.	Porcellio pulverulentus	species
taxon rank	Thymophylla is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the sunflower family.	Thymophylla	genus
taxon rank	Leucobrotula adipata is a species of false brotula found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Leucobrotula adipata	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia inquilina is a species of ant endemic to Australia in the subfamily Myrmeciinae, first discovered in 1955 and described by Athol Douglas and William Brown Jr. in 1959.	Myrmecia inquilina	species
taxon rank	Chinchilla rats or chinchillones are members of the family Abrocomidae.	Chinchilla rat	family
taxon rank	Melica radula is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Chinese provinces such as Jilin, Lea and Shanxi in grassy mountain slopes and forests that are full with Larch species on the elevation of 300--1,200 metres (980--3,940 ft).	Melica radula	species
taxon rank	Ernstichthys is a genus of banjo catfishes that occurs in the Amazon and Orinoco basins.	Ernstichthys	genus
taxon rank	Omicroides is a monotypic Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Omicroides	genus
taxon rank	The Russulales are an order of the Agaricomycetes, (which include the agaric genera Russula and Lactarius and their polyporoid and corticioid relatives).	Russulales	order
taxon rank	Plesiocystiscinae is a subfamily of minute sea predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the infraorder Neogastropoda.	Plesiocystiscinae	subfamily
taxon rank	The Stygnopsidae are a small family of harvestmen, with almost all species found in Mexico.	Stygnopsidae	family
taxon rank	Pierreclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Pierreclanis admatha, which is known from Guinea, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, Gabon and Ghana.	Pierreclanis	species
taxon rank	Carabus sylvestris is a species of either black or brown-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine, and the Netherlands.	Carabus sylvestris	species
taxon rank	Leptobarbus melanopterus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus from the Kapuas River basin in Borneo.	Leptobarbus melanopterus	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single polypore species Bridgeoporus nobilissimus, first described to science in 1949.	Bridgeoporus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron flabellifolius is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names fan-leaf fleabane .	Erigeron flabellifolius	species
taxon rank	Mychonoa is a genus of moths of the Yponomeutidae family.	Mychonoa	genus
taxon rank	Liolaemus gravenhorstii, commonly known as Gravenhorst's tree iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.	Liolaemus gravenhorstii	species
taxon rank	The Labyrinthulomycetes (ICBN) or Labyrinthulea (ICZN), are a class of protists that produce a network of filaments or tubes, which serve as tracks for the cells to glide along and absorb nutrients for them.	Labyrinthulomycetes	class
taxon rank	The family Dipluridae, known as funnel-web tarantulas, are a group of spiders in the infraorder Mygalomorphae, that have two pairs of booklungs, and chelicerae (fangs) that move up and down in a stabbing motion.	Dipluridae	family
taxon rank	Rhyticeros is a genus of medium to large hornbills (Bucerotidae family) found in forests from Southeast Asia to the Solomons.	Rhyticeros	genus
taxon rank	Micromeryx is an extinct genus of musk deer that lived in the Miocene.	Micromeryx	genus
taxon rank	†Partula remota was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula remota	species
taxon rank	Bolma aureola, common name the golden turbo shell or the scaly star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma aureola	species
taxon rank	Cornus piggae is an extinct species of dogwood known from fossil fruits found in Late Paleocene sediments exposed in the state of North Dakota, USA.	Cornus piggae	species
taxon rank	Herichthys is a small genus of cichlid fishes.	Herichthys	genus
taxon rank	Grammoplites is a genus of flatheads native to the western Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean.	Grammoplites	genus
taxon rank	Agave stricta (common names hedgehog agave, rabo de léon) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to Puebla and Oaxaca in Southern Mexico.	Agave stricta	species
taxon rank	Echinorhynchidae is a family of acanthocephalan parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.	Echinorhynchidae	family
taxon rank	Portunus is a genus of crab which includes several important species for fisheries, such as the blue swimming crab, Portunus pelagicus and the Gazami crab, P. trituberculatus.	Portunus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Buxetroldia bisaccata, described as new to science in 1997.	Buxetroldia	species
taxon rank	Odostomia laevigata, common name the ovoid odostome, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Odostomia laevigata	species
taxon rank	The Charaxinae, the leafwings, are a nymphalid subfamily of butterflies that includes about 400 species, inhabiting mainly the tropics, although some species extend into temperate regions in North America, Europe, China, and southern Australia.	Charaxinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Elacatinus horsti, the Yellowline goby, is a species of goby native to the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.	Elacatinus horsti	species
taxon rank	Tiger parrots are members of the genus Psittacella in the Psittaculidae family.	Tiger parrot	genus
taxon rank	Vicente's poison frog (Oophaga vicentei) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family that is endemic to the Veraguas and Coclé Provinces of central Panama.	Vicente's poison frog	species
taxon rank	Stillingia spinulosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name annual toothleaf.	Stillingia spinulosa	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces canchipurensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from a limestone habitat in Manipur in India.	Streptomyces canchipurensis	species
taxon rank	Athearnia anthonyi is a rare species of freshwater snail in the family Pleuroceridae.	Athearnia anthonyi	species
taxon rank	Adiantum myriosorum is a fern species very similar to Adiantum pedatum.	Adiantum myriosorum	species
taxon rank	Senecio inaequidens, known as narrow-leaved ragwort and South African ragwort, is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.	Senecio inaequidens	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces echinoruber is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Argentina.	Streptomyces echinoruber	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Gylla crotalistria, which is found in Brazil.	Gylla	species
taxon rank	The minute tree-fungus beetles, family Ciidae, are a sizeable group of beetles which inhabit Polyporales bracket fungi or coarse woody debris.	Ciidae	family
taxon rank	Lactobacillus salivarius is a probiotic bacteria species that has been found to live in the gastrointestinal tract and exert a range of therapeutic properties including suppression of pathogenic bacteria.	Lactobacillus salivarius	species
taxon rank	Aspergillus clavatus is a species of Aspergillus with conidia dimensions 3--4.5 x 2.5--4.5 μms.	Aspergillus clavatus	species
taxon rank	Aralia cordata is a species of Aralia in the Araliaceae family.	Aralia cordata	species
taxon rank	Sympycnus elegans is a fly species in the genus Sympycnus.	Sympycnus elegans	species
taxon rank	Hormathiidae is a family of sea anemones in the class Anthozoa.	Hormathiidae	family
taxon rank	Myrialepis is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family native to Southeast Asia, where the only species Myrialepis paradoxa is colloquially called rotan kertong, or simply rattan.	Myrialepis	species
taxon rank	Similiparma lurida also known as the Canary damsel is a species of marine fish of the family Pomacentridae.	Canary damsel	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys is a genus of rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys	genus
taxon rank	Lepidotarphius perornatella is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Lepidotarphius.	Lepidotarphius perornatella	species
taxon rank	Cleobora mellyi, the Tasmanian ladybird or southern ladybird is a ladybird species endemic to Tasmania and also found in the southern states of mainland Australia.	Cleobora mellyi	species
taxon rank	Pulchrodiboma ochreovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pulchrodiboma.	Pulchrodiboma ochreovittata	species
taxon rank	The Beyşehir bleak (Alburnus akili), known in Turkish as gökçe balığı, was a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family, now presumed extinct.	Alburnus akili	species
taxon rank	Lantana montevidensis is a species of lantana known by many common names, such as: trailing lantana, weeping lantana, creeping lantana, small lantana, purple lantana or trailing shrubverbena.	Lantana montevidensis	species
taxon rank	Leus ramuli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Leus.	Leus ramuli	species
taxon rank	It was described by Latreille, in 1809, and contains the species Amphiderita pyrospila.	Amphiderita	species
taxon rank	Volutidae, common name volutes, are a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails that range in size from 9 mm to over 500 mm, marine gastropod mollusks.	Volutidae	family
taxon rank	Succineidae are a family of small to medium-sized, air-breathing land snails (and slugs), terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs.	Succineidae	family
taxon rank	Pseudohomaloptera is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Balitoridae.	Pseudohomaloptera	genus
taxon rank	Mauritia arabica, common name the Arabian cowry, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Mauritia arabica	species
taxon rank	Tyrannochromis nigriventer is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers rocky shallows.	Tyrannochromis nigriventer	species
taxon rank	Carandaisuchus is an extinct genus of caiman.	Carandaisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Orthotrichum scanicum is a species of moss in the Orthotrichaceae family.	Orthotrichum scanicum	species
taxon rank	Carolinochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from Oligocene of United States.	Carolinochelys	genus
taxon rank	Frondipedia charma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Frondipedia.	Frondipedia charma	species
taxon rank	Dracontium is a genus of flowering plants similar to those of Amorphophallus.	Dracontium	genus
taxon rank	Nebria vanvolxemi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Portugal.	Nebria vanvolxemi	species
taxon rank	Pachydictyum globosum is a species of freshwater sponge in the family Malawispongiidae.	Pachydictyum globosum	species
taxon rank	Homonotus sanguinolentus, the Bloody Spider-hunting Wasp is a European species of Pompilid wasp.	Homonotus sanguinolentus	species
taxon rank	Maytenus cymosa (also called Caribbean mayten) is a species of plant in the Celastraceae family.	Maytenus cymosa	species
taxon rank	Lipaphis erysimi is a species of aphid of the family Aphididae.	Lipaphis erysimi	species
taxon rank	Megachile bruchi is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae, making it a cousin of the alfalfa leafcutter bee (Megachile rotundata).	Megachile bruchi	species
taxon rank	Trochaclis antarctica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae.	Trochaclis antarctica	species
taxon rank	Flaveria sonorensis is a rare Mexican plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family.	Flaveria sonorensis	species
taxon rank	Dermanyssus gallinae (also known as the red mite, poultry mite, red poultry mite, roost mite and chicken mite) is an ectoparasite of poultry and other bird species.	Dermanyssus gallinae	species
taxon rank	Anomotodon is an extinct genus of shark related to the extant goblin shark (Mitsukurina owstoni).	Anomotodon	genus
taxon rank	Lycodryas is a genus of lamprophiid snakes.	Lycodryas	genus
taxon rank	Margarella whiteana is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae, the top snails.	Margarella whiteana	species
taxon rank	As with many described extinct taxa, it is the only known species in its genus Caririemys.	Caririemys	species
taxon rank	Mosquitoes are small, midge-like flies which comprise the family Culicidae.	Mosquito	family
taxon rank	Sphallenum tuberosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Sphallenum.	Sphallenum	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes travancoricus, variously known as the Travancore bushfrog, Travancore bubble-nest frog, or Travancore tree frog, is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.	Raorchestes travancoricus	species
taxon rank	Truncilla truncata, common name the Deertoe, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.	Truncilla truncata	species
taxon rank	Pinecone fishes are small and unusual beryciform marine fish of the family Monocentridae.	Monocentridae	family
taxon rank	Aponogeton crispus is an aquatic plant species.	Aponogeton crispus	species
taxon rank	The species Grapsus grapsus and G. adscensionis were not separated until 1990.	Grapsus grapsus	species
taxon rank	Pilina unguis is an extinct species of Paleozoic Silurian monoplacophoran.	Pilina unguis	species
taxon rank	Longichela orobica is an extinct species of prawn which lived in the Norian, and is the only species in the genus Longichela.	Longichela	genus
taxon rank	Meiacanthus phaeus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Meiacanthus phaeus	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia pectinata is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name San Joaquin blazingstar.	Mentzelia pectinata	species
taxon rank	Leiomitra is a genus of liverworts.	Leiomitra	genus
taxon rank	Zeltnera muehlenbergii is a species of annual herb commonly known as Monterey centaury and Muhlenberg's centaury.	Zeltnera muehlenbergii	species
taxon rank	Lilium martagon (martagon lily or Turk's cap lily) is a Eurasian species of lily.	Lilium martagon	species
taxon rank	Akkermansia muciniphila is a species of human intestinal mucin-degrading bacterium, the type species for a new genus, Akkermansia, proposed in 2004 by Muriel Derrien and others.	Akkermansia muciniphila	species
taxon rank	Ascocentrum ampullaceum is a species of orchid found in central China, Assam India, Bangladesh, the Himalayas, Nepal, Bhutan, Sikkim, Andaman Islands, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos and Vietnam.	Ascocentrum ampullaceum	species
taxon rank	Roystonea is a genus of eleven species of monoecious palms, native to the Caribbean Islands, and the adjacent coasts of Florida and Central and northern South America.	Roystonea	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus dalesiae is a species of lupine known by the common name Quincy lupine.	Lupinus dalesiae	species
taxon rank	Aralosaurini is a tribe of basal lambeosaurine hadrosaurs endemic to Eurasia.	Aralosaurini	tribe
taxon rank	The bullseye snakehead or great snakehead (Channa marulius) is a large species of snakehead native to South and Southeast Asia, as well as southern China.	Channa marulius	species
taxon rank	Scaevatula pellisserpentis is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Scaevatula pellisserpentis	species
taxon rank	Pupinella is a genus of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Pupinella	genus
taxon rank	The Monoscutidae are a family of harvestmen with 32 known species that all occur in or near Australia and New Zealand.	Monoscutidae	family
taxon rank	Manfreda scabra is one of the larger Manfreda species, with rosettes growing 0.7--1 metre (2.3--3.3 ft) in height and 1.5--2 metres (4.9--6.6 ft) in width.	Manfreda scabra	species
taxon rank	Linanthus watsonii (syn. Leptodactylon watsonii) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Watson's prickly phlox.	Linanthus watsonii	species
taxon rank	Probelesodon is an extinct genus of chiniquodontid cynodont.	Probelesodon	genus
taxon rank	Inocybe maculata, commonly known as the frosty fibrecap, is a species of mushroom in the Inocybaceae family.	Inocybe maculata	species
taxon rank	Fimbristylis miliacea, the grasslike fimbry, is a species of fimbry that probably originated in coastal tropical Asia but has since spread to most continents as an introduced species.	Fimbristylis miliacea	species
taxon rank	Paraschistura naseeri is a species of stone loach endemic to Pakistan.	Paraschistura naseeri	species
taxon rank	The Hausa mouse (Mus haussa) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hausa mouse	species
taxon rank	Plagiocephalus lobularis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Plagiocephalus of the family Ulidiidae.	Plagiocephalus lobularis	species
taxon rank	Rice tenrecs are the two species in the Malagasy genus Oryzorictes.	Rice tenrec	genus
taxon rank	Clubiona vegeta is a sac spider species found in Europe, Central Asia, North Africa and the Canary Islands.	Clubiona vegeta	species
taxon rank	Conus papilliferus, common name the papilla cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.p Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous.	Conus papilliferus	species
taxon rank	The Phoridae are a family of small, hump-backed flies resembling fruit flies.	Phoridae	family
taxon rank	Mammillaria magnimamma, common name Mexican Pincushion, is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family.	Mammillaria magnimamma	species
taxon rank	Cucumbers may also be pollinated by bumblebees and several other bee species.	Cucumber	species
taxon rank	The Blephariceromorpha are an infraorder of nematoceran flies, including three families associated with fast-flowing, high-mountain streams, where the larvae can be found.	Blephariceromorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Grevillea elbertii is a tree species in the family Proteaceae.	Grevillea elbertii	species
taxon rank	Pictocolumbella ocellata, common name : the lightning dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Pictocolumbella ocellata	species
taxon rank	Shorea affinis is a plant species in the Dipterocarpaceae family endemic to Sri Lanka.	Shorea affinis	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia torreyana is a species of grass known by the common names New Jersey muhly, Torrey's muhly, and Torrey's dropseed.	Muhlenbergia torreyana	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus hispidus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Dipterocarpus hispidus	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera rex is a species of damselfish known by the common name king demoiselle.	Chrysiptera rex	species
taxon rank	Pommereulla is a genus of Indian and Sri Lankan plants in the grass family.	Pommereulla	genus
taxon rank	Angolatitan (``Angolan giant'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous and the first dinosaur discovered in Angola.	Angolatitan	genus
taxon rank	Ormosia howii, the Hainan ormosia, is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family native to southern China.	Ormosia howii	species
taxon rank	Calliotropis ottoi, common name Otto's spiny margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliotropidae.	Calliotropis ottoi	species
taxon rank	Odontoglossum naevium, the Spotted Odontoglossum, is a species of orchid found from Colombia to Guyana.	Odontoglossum naevium	species
taxon rank	Vasconcellea quercifolia (commonly known as the oak leaf papaya) is a species of Vasconcellea found in Bolivia and Ecuador.	Vasconcellea quercifolia	species
taxon rank	Ophiclinus is a genus of clinids native to the coastal waters around Australia.	Ophiclinus	genus
taxon rank	The Bordered Knob-tipped shadowdamsel, (Drepanosticta submontana) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta submontana	species
taxon rank	Beschorneria yuccoides is a species of succulent plants belonging to the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae.	Beschorneria yuccoides	species
taxon rank	Sivapithecus (Shiva's Ape) is a genus of extinct apes.	Sivapithecus	genus
taxon rank	Corumbataia britskii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in small tributaries of the Sucuriú River, upper Paraná River Basin in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul.	Corumbataia britskii	species
taxon rank	Callionima denticulata is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae, which is known from Panama, Mexico, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Bolivia, Peru and western Venezuela.	Callionima denticulata	species
taxon rank	The Karoo lark (Calendulauda albescens) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Karoo lark	species
taxon rank	Centrophorus is a genus of squaliform sharks.	Centrophorus	genus
taxon rank	Praonethomimus tuberosithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Praonethomimus.	Praonethomimus tuberosithorax	species
taxon rank	Echinometra viridis, the reef urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae.	Echinometra viridis	species
taxon rank	Abralia andamanica is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod native to the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean.	Abralia andamanica	species
taxon rank	Afronemacheilus is a genus of stone loaches endemic to Ethiopia.	Afronemacheilus	genus
taxon rank	Pyrrhalta is a genus of beetles in the leaf beetle family, Chrysomelidae.	Pyrrhalta	genus
taxon rank	Chikila is a genus of amphibian in the order Gymnophiona (caecilians).	Chikila	genus
taxon rank	Tenrhynea is a genus of Southern African plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family.	Tenrhynea	genus
taxon rank	Efraasia (pronounced ``E-FRAHS-ee-A'') is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur.	Efraasia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Deua imbutana, which is found on Haiti.	Deua	species
taxon rank	Hordelymus is a genus of European, north African, and southwest Asian plants in the grass family.	Hordelymus	genus
taxon rank	Campylomyces is a genus of wood-rotting fungi in the family Gloeophyllaceae.	Campylomyces	genus
taxon rank	Encephalartos dolomiticus is a species of cycad that is found near Penge in the Wolkberg in southeastern Limpopo Province, South Africa at elevations of 1100--1500 meters.	Encephalartos dolomiticus	species
taxon rank	Iris juncea (commonly called the rush iris) is a smooth-bulbed bulbous iris species.	Iris juncea	species
taxon rank	Chaerophyllum procumbens is listed as an endangered species by the state of New York.	Chaerophyllum procumbens	species
taxon rank	Adelosebastes latens is a species of rockfish native to the northern Pacific Ocean where it is found on the Emperor Seamounts at depths of from 900 to 1,200 metres (3,000 to 3,900 ft).	Adelosebastes latens	species
taxon rank	Rhinella bergi is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.	Rhinella bergi	species
taxon rank	Waianae Range labordia (Labordia kaalae) is a species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family.	Labordia kaalae	species
taxon rank	Gonystylus pendulus is a species of plant in the Thymelaeaceae family.	Gonystylus pendulus	species
taxon rank	Alligatorium is an extinct genus of atoposaurid crocodylomorph.	Alligatorium	genus
taxon rank	Monetaria caputserpentis, common name the serpent's-head cowry, is a species of cowry, a sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Monetaria caputserpentis	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus maracaiboensis is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Venezuela, where it occurs in the San Juan river, a tributary to the Motatán river in the Lake Maracaibo basin.	Trichomycterus maracaiboensis	species
taxon rank	Ischiopsopha plana is a species of beetles from the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae, tribe Schizorhinini.	Ischiopsopha plana	species
taxon rank	The Kashmir Rock Agama (Laudakia tuberculata) is a species of agamid lizard found in N Pakistan, India (W Himalaya, Kashmir, Punjab), Nepal (Kathmandu), Afghanistan, and China (Tibetan Plateau).	Laudakia tuberculata	species
taxon rank	Malagassodynerus is a genus of potter wasps endemic to Madagascar.	Malagassodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Elaphoglossum serpens is a rare species of fern that grows only on Cerro de Punta, the highest mountain in Puerto Rico.	Elaphoglossum serpens	species
taxon rank	Lycaste aromatica, common name The Sweet Scented Lycaste, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Lycaste, belonging to the Orchidaceae family.	Lycaste aromatica	species
taxon rank	Pyracantha rogersiana (Asian firethorn) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to western China.	Pyracantha rogersiana	species
taxon rank	Ribes speciosum is a species of gooseberry with elongate, red flowers that resemble those of fuchsia; its common name is fuchsia-flowered gooseberry.	Ribes speciosum	species
taxon rank	Archolaemus is a genus of glass knifefishes.	Archolaemus	genus
taxon rank	Labidochromis mbenjii is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur in the area around the Mbenji Islands.	Labidochromis mbenjii	species
taxon rank	Rubus harmonicusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus harmonicus	species
taxon rank	Cymothoa is a genus of parasitic isopod crustaceans, containing the following species:	Cymothoa	genus
taxon rank	Aardonyx (Afrikaans aard, ``earth'' + Greek onux, ``nail, claw'') is a genus of prosauropod dinosaur.	Aardonyx	genus
taxon rank	Burnupena papyracea, common name the papery burnupena, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Burnupena papyracea	species
taxon rank	Eubranchus cingulatus is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.	Eubranchus cingulatus	species
taxon rank	Ixodes canisuga, the dog tick, is a species of tick in the family Ixodidae that can be found in Russia and throughout Europe where it feeds on foxes, cats, dogs, horses, badgers and sheep.	Ixodes canisuga	species
taxon rank	Eurycantha horrida, the thorny devil walking stick, is a species belonging to the stick insects (order Phasmatodea) and to the family Phasmatidae.	Eurycantha horrida	species
taxon rank	Hypsicalotes is a genus of the family Agamidae having a single species Hypsicalotes kinabaluensis found in Indonesia and Malaysia.	Hypsicalotes	species
taxon rank	Stonogobiops is a genus of gobies native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Stonogobiops	genus
taxon rank	Blechnum floresii is a species of fern in the family Blechnaceae.	Blechnum floresii	species
taxon rank	Bybeana schawalleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bybeana.	Bybeana schawalleri	species
taxon rank	Nelumbo lutea is a species of flowering plant in the monotypic family Nelumbonaceae.	Nelumbo lutea	species
taxon rank	Turritriton labiosus, also known as Cymatium labiosum, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Turritriton labiosus	species
taxon rank	Sargocentron spiniferum, common name sabre squirrelfish, giant squirrelfish and spiny squirrelfish, is a large Indo-Pacific species of squirrelfish belonging to the family Holocentridae.	Sargocentron spiniferum	species
taxon rank	The genus Paradisaea consists of seven species of birds-of-paradise (family Paradisaeidae).	Paradisaea	genus
taxon rank	Trientalis is a small genus of flowering plants containing three species known as starflowers or wintergreens.	Trientalis	genus
taxon rank	Astraeus odoratus (Thai: เห็ดเผาะหนัง; Het pho nang, Het pho, or Het nang, the latter meaning ``skin mushroom'') is a species of false earthstar in the family Diplocystaceae.	Astraeus odoratus	species
taxon rank	Copiapoa cinerea is a species of the genus Copiapoa in the family of Cactaceae.	Copiapoa cinerea	species
taxon rank	Tubularia is a genus of hydroids that appear to be furry pink tufts or balls at the end of long strings, thus causing them to be sometimes be called ``pink-mouthed'' or ``pink-hearted'' hydroids.	Tubularia	genus
taxon rank	Woolley's false antechinus (Pseudantechinus woolleyae), also known as Woolley's pseudantechinus, is a species of small carnivorous marsupial belonging to the family Dasyuridae.	Woolley's false antechinus	species
taxon rank	Houstonia caerulea (azure bluet or Quaker ladies) is a perennial species in the Rubiaceae family.	Houstonia caerulea	species
taxon rank	Cyphocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the Campanulaceae.	Cyphocarpus	genus
taxon rank	The Giluwe rat (Rattus giluwensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Giluwe rat	species
taxon rank	Hesperelaea is a plant genus with only one species, probably now extinct.	Hesperelaea	genus
taxon rank	Albizia berteriana (Bertero Albizia) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Albizia berteriana	species
taxon rank	Chaerophyllum bulbosum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by several common names, including turnip-rooted chervil, tuberous-rooted chervil, bulbous chervil, and parsnip chervil.	Chaerophyllum bulbosum	species
taxon rank	Trichotoxon martensi is a species of air-breathing land snail or semislugs, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.	Trichotoxon martensi	species
taxon rank	Xerocomellus zelleri, commonly known as Zeller's Bolete, is an edible species of mushroom in the family Boletaceae.	Xerocomellus zelleri	species
taxon rank	Tricholoma ustaloides is a species of mushroom in the large genus Tricholoma.	Tricholoma ustaloides	species
taxon rank	Cordia dentata, commonly known as White Manjack, is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae.	Cordia dentata	species
taxon rank	Delosperma ('delos'=evident, 'sperma'=seed) is a genus of around 100 species of succulent plants, formerly included in Mesembryanthemum in the family Aizoaceae.	Delosperma	genus
taxon rank	Nigritella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Nigritella	genus
taxon rank	Sitticus fasciger is a species of spider from the Salticidae family indigenous to north and west Asia but now introduced to North America.	Sitticus fasciger	species
taxon rank	Lithophragma bolanderi is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Bolander's woodland star.	Lithophragma bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Tetrapteron graciliflorum is a species of evening primrose known by the common name hill suncup.	Tetrapteron graciliflorum	species
taxon rank	Asplenium septentrionale is a species of fern known by the common names northern spleenwort and forked spleenwort.	Asplenium septentrionale	species
taxon rank	Pseudocydonia sinensis, the Chinese quince, is a deciduous or semi-evergreen tree in the family Rosaceae, native to eastern Asia in China, and the sole species in the genus Pseudocydonia.	Pseudocydonia	species
taxon rank	Parasmermus tonkinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasmermus.	Parasmermus tonkinensis	species
taxon rank	Nebria hellwigii is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.	Nebria hellwigii	species
taxon rank	Allium tianschanicum is a plant species native to Xinjiang, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.	Allium tianschanicum	species
taxon rank	Bathyraja panthera, the leopard skate, is a species of cartilaginous fish in the family Rajidae.	Bathyraja panthera	species
taxon rank	Platystrophia is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Ordovician to the Silurian in Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.	Platystrophia	genus
taxon rank	Sardinella richardsoni (Richardson's sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella from the South China Sea in the northwest Pacific.	Sardinella richardsoni	species
taxon rank	Brodiaea terrestris (dwarf brodiaea) is a species of plant in the genus Brodiaea that is native to California and Oregon.	Brodiaea terrestris	species
taxon rank	Acacia obliquinervia, known colloquially as mountain hickory, is a species of Acacia native southern New South Wales and Victoria in eastern Australia.	Acacia obliquinervia	species
taxon rank	Onychogomphus forcipatus, the small pincertail or green-eyed hook-tailed dragonfly, is a species of dragonflies belonging to the family Gomphidae.	Onychogomphus forcipatus	species
taxon rank	Sepia bathyalis is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean, specifically northwestern and southwestern Madagascar.	Sepia bathyalis	species
taxon rank	Moraea bellendenii is a species of plant in genus Moraea that was named after John Bellenden, the English botanist.	Moraea bellendenii	species
taxon rank	Asperitas inquinata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Dyakiidae.	Asperitas inquinata	species
taxon rank	Maratus volans is a species in the jumping spider family, belonging to the peacock spider genus.	Maratus volans	species
taxon rank	Griselda's lemniscomys or Griselda's striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys griselda) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Griselda's striped grass mouse	species
taxon rank	The Huahine gull (Chroicocephalus utunui), also known as the Society Islands gull, is an extinct bird, a species of gull of which subfossil bones were found at the Fa'ahia archeological site on Huahine, in the Society Islands of French Polynesia.	Huahine gull	species
taxon rank	Allium siskiyouense is a North American species of wild onion known by the common name Siskiyou onion.	Allium siskiyouense	species
taxon rank	Clavulina viridula is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.	Clavulina viridula	species
taxon rank	Guihaia is a genus of two species of palms found in China and Vietnam.	Guihaia	genus
taxon rank	The bird family Sulidae comprises the gannets and boobies.	Sulidae	family
taxon rank	Myoleja tsaratanana is a species of tephritid, or fruit fly, in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae.	Myoleja tsaratanana	species
taxon rank	Genlisea aurea is one of the largest carnivorous species in the genus Genlisea (family Lentibulariaceae).	Genlisea aurea	species
taxon rank	Coccyzidae is a family of birds comprising 18 new world cuckoos, ranging from Canada to Argentina.	Coccyzidae	family
taxon rank	Craugastor laticeps (common name: broad-headed rainfrog, and many variations) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor laticeps	species
taxon rank	Sterechinus neumayeri, the Antarctic sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinidae.	Sterechinus neumayeri	species
taxon rank	Cassiduloida is an order of sea urchins.	Cassiduloida	order
taxon rank	Leucisca is a genus of crabs in the family Leucosiidae.	Leucisca	genus
taxon rank	Stenodema laevigata is a species of bugs from a Miridae family, common in the United Kingdom, and throughout the rest of Europe.	Stenodema laevigata	species
taxon rank	Zaireichthys mandevillei is a species of loach catfish found in the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Congo River Basin.	Zaireichthys mandevillei	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades zanzibarica is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to eastern Tanzania in the Zanzibar Archipelago.	Oeceoclades zanzibarica	species
taxon rank	Climacostomum is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists, belonging to the class Heterotrichea.	Climacostomum	genus
taxon rank	Callionima acuta is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae, which is known from Peru and Bolivia.	Callionima acuta	species
taxon rank	Orthodera novaezealandiae, known as the New Zealand mantis or the New Zealand praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis which is, as both the scientific name and common names suggest, indigenous and endemic to New Zealand.	Orthodera novaezealandiae	species
taxon rank	Acacia ehrenbergiana is a species of drought-resistant bush or small tree found in the Sahara, northern Sahel, East Africa and Arabia.	Acacia ehrenbergiana	species
taxon rank	Amphiprion latezonatus, also known as the wide-band anemonefish, is a species of anemonefish found in subtropical waters off the east coast of Australia..	Amphiprion latezonatus	species
taxon rank	Endodonta apiculata is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae, an endemic family of land snails from the Hawaiian islands.	Endodonta apiculata	species
taxon rank	Iconaster longimanus, the icon star or double star, is a species of starfish in the family Goniasteridae.	Iconaster longimanus	species
taxon rank	Ficus scobina is one of several fig species commonly known as sandpaper fig. It is native to northern Australia, from the Kimberleys across to north Queensland.	Ficus scobina	species
taxon rank	Bellendena montana, commonly known as Mountain Rocket, is a species of low-growing multi-stemmed shrub in the plant family Proteaceae.	Bellendena	species
taxon rank	Stenocarpus umbelliferus is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae.	Stenocarpus umbelliferus	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria engelmanniana, Engelmann's arrowhead is an aquatic plant species native to eastern North America.	Sagittaria engelmanniana	species
taxon rank	Procopius aeneolus is a species of the genus Procopius.	Procopius aeneolus	species
taxon rank	Grewingkia canadensis is a species of prehistoric coral, found in North America.	Grewingkia	species
taxon rank	Rhinerrhiza the rasp root orchid, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Rhinerrhiza	genus
taxon rank	Eremophanoides tanganjicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Eremophanoides.	Eremophanoides tanganjicae	species
taxon rank	Pupillaea aperta, common name the mantled keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Pupillaea aperta	species
taxon rank	Geastrum welwitschii is a species of fungus in the earthstar family.	Geastrum welwitschii	species
taxon rank	The Batistiaceae are a family of fungi in the division Ascomycota.	Batistiaceae	family
taxon rank	Neovison is a genus of mustelids, including the extinct sea mink and the extant American mink.	Neovison	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Planovalvata roseivena, which was described by Hampson in 1894.	Planovalvata	species
taxon rank	The Sergeant-major Abrota ganga is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in the Himalayas.	Abrota ganga	species
taxon rank	Aextoxicon punctatum, the sole species of genus Aextoxicon and family Aextoxicaceae, is a tree native to southern Chile and Argentina.	Aextoxicon	species
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common names golden blue-eyed grass, yellow-eyed-grass, and golden-eyed-grass.	Sisyrinchium californicum	species
taxon rank	Umbonia crassicornis is a common and widespread member of the insect family Membracidae, and one of numerous species colloquially referred to as thorn bugs.	Umbonia crassicornis	species
taxon rank	Dioryctria yatesi, the mountain pine coneworm, is a species of snout moth in the genus Dioryctria.	Dioryctria yatesi	species
taxon rank	Stichodactyla gigantea, commonly known as the giant carpet anemone is a species of sea anemone that lives in the Indo-Pacific area, with a diameter usually no larger than 50 centimetres (1.6 ft) and a maximum of 80 centimetres (2.6 ft).	Stichodactyla gigantea	species
taxon rank	Mimepuraecha celebensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimepuraecha.	Mimepuraecha celebensis	species
taxon rank	Calliapagurops charcoti is a species of mud shrimp from Macaronesia.	Calliapagurops charcoti	species
taxon rank	Ctenosaura acanthura, commonly known as the northeastern spinytail iguana, is a species of iguanid lizard endemic to Mexico.	Ctenosaura acanthura	species
taxon rank	Torilis is a genus of plants which are known generally as the hedge parsleys.	Torilis	genus
taxon rank	Microsoreae is a tribe of ferns with clathrate scales, thin exospores, and monomorphic fronds.	Microsoreae	tribe
taxon rank	Alicia mirabilis (commonly known as Berried Anemone) is a sea anemone species in the genus Alicia which changes shape as night falls expanding its column and tentacles to catch its food.	Alicia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Khaya grandifoliola (also called African Mahogany, Benin Mahogany, Large-leaved Mahogany, or Senegal Mahogany) is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family.	Khaya grandifoliola	species
taxon rank	Weissius capaciductus is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits in Australia.	Weissius capaciductus	species
taxon rank	Petalichthys capensis, the Cape needlefish, is a species of needlefish endemic to coastal South Africa.	Petalichthys capensis	species
taxon rank	Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Thamnophilus	genus
taxon rank	Agallidwipa is a genus of leafhopper from Madagascar	Agallidwipa	genus
taxon rank	Delphinium recurvatum is a species of larkspur known by the common names Byron larkspur, recurved larkspur, and valley larkspur.	Delphinium recurvatum	species
taxon rank	Cryphonectria is a fungal genus in the order Diaporthales.	Cryphonectria	genus
taxon rank	Sedum radiatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common name Coast Range stonecrop.	Sedum radiatum	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus cameronii, the diehard stringybark is a species of eucalyptus of eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus cameronii	species
taxon rank	Megalorhipida pseudodefectalis is a species of moth in the genus Megalorhipida, known from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Paraguay.	Megalorhipida pseudodefectalis	species
taxon rank	Amphimallon burmeisteri is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Croatia, France, Hungary, Italy, Kosovo, Montenegro, Serbia, Slovenia and Voivodina.	Amphimallon burmeisteri	species
taxon rank	Halichoeres chrysus, commonly called the canary wrasse, golden wrasse or yellow wrasse, is a fish species in the wrasse family native to central Indo-Pacific area.	Halichoeres chrysus	species
taxon rank	Boninthemis is a monotypic genus of dragonflies in the family Libellulidae containing the single species Boninthemis insularis.	Boninthemis	species
taxon rank	Diploria clivosa, the knobby brain coral, is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Mussidae.	Diploria clivosa	species
taxon rank	Beroe cucumis is a species of comb jelly in the family Beroidae.	Beroe cucumis	species
taxon rank	Allium plummerae is a species of plant native to southern Arizona (Pima and Cochise Counties) in the United States and to Sonora in Mexico.	Allium plummerae	species
taxon rank	Peltopleuriformes were an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish.	Peltopleuriformes	order
taxon rank	Cyathea acrostichoides is a species of tree fern native to the Maluku Islands and Western New Guinea, where it grows in forest and disturbed sites at an altitude of 650--1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually 1--3 m tall.	Cyathea acrostichoides	species
taxon rank	Berycopsis is an extinct genus of beardfish from the Cretaceous period.	Berycopsis	genus
taxon rank	Farlowella venezuelensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Guarapiche River basin and the lower Orinoco River basin.	Farlowella venezuelensis	species
taxon rank	Ixodes kaiseri is an Old World species of ixodid tick that parasitizes badgers, foxes, steppe polecats, raccoon dogs, and common hedgehogs in forest habitats and along heavily overgrown riverbanks and depressions in steppe habitats; they have also been collected from domestic dogs visiting these habitats.	Ixodes kaiseri	species
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus aravallensis is a species of gecko found in the Delhi Ridge in India.	Cyrtodactylus aravallensis	species
taxon rank	Aplocheilus parvus, the dwarf panchax, is a species of killifish native to India and Sri Lanka.	Aplocheilus parvus	species
taxon rank	Lucidella plicatula is a species of land snail with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Helicinidae.	Lucidella plicatula	species
taxon rank	Joinvillea plicata is a flowering plant species in the genus Joinvillea found in New Caledonia.	Joinvillea plicata	species
taxon rank	It was named by O'Keefe and Wahl in 2003 and the type species is Tatenectes laramiensis.	Tatenectes	species
taxon rank	Isocarpha (pearlhead) is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Isocarpha	genus
taxon rank	Cyclopterus lumpus, the lumpsucker or lumpfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Cyclopteridae (lumpsuckers).	Cyclopterus lumpus	species
taxon rank	Atelurinae is a subfamily of primitive insects belonging to the order Thysanura.	Atelurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Amphimallon ochraceum is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that can be found in Austria, Italy, Spain and the Britain I.	Amphimallon ochraceum	species
taxon rank	Apostichopus japonicus is a species of sea cucumber in the family Stichopodidae.	Apostichopus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Myrmecomantis atra, common name ant mantis, is a species of praying mantis that relies upon ant mimicry for protection even as an adult.	Myrmecomantis atra	species
taxon rank	Riostegotherium was an extinct genus of xenarthra from the late Paleocene of Brazil.	Riostegotherium	genus
taxon rank	Chromodoris quadricolor is a species of very colourful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc.	Chromodoris quadricolor	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris cycadina (shaggy shield fern or black wood fern) is a species of deciduous or semi-evergreen fern in the family Dryopteridaceae, native to northern India, China, Taiwan and Japan.	Dryopteris cycadina	species
taxon rank	Omma is a genus of beetles in the family Ommatidae.	Omma	genus
taxon rank	Ebomegobius goodi is a species of brackish water goby native to a stream in Cameroon.	Ebomegobius goodi	species
taxon rank	Allium spirale is a plant species native to Korea, Primorye, and parts of China.	Allium spirale	species
taxon rank	Euophrys monadnock is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Canada.	Euophrys monadnock	species
taxon rank	Cirsium eriophorum or woolly thistle is a herbaceous biennial species of the genus Cirsium.	Cirsium eriophorum	species
taxon rank	Roupala montana is a species of shrub or tree in the Proteaceae which is native to much of the Neotropics.	Roupala montana	species
taxon rank	Gekko ernstkelleri is a species of gecko found on the northwest peninsula of the island of Panay in the Philippines.	Gekko ernstkelleri	species
taxon rank	Aborichthys tikaderi is a species of stone loach endemic to Arunachal Pradesh, India where it is only known from streams in the Namdapha Wildlife Sanctuary.	Aborichthys tikaderi	species
taxon rank	Aspius is a genus of Eurasian cyprinid fish, with two recognized species.	Aspius	genus
taxon rank	The Bolivian tuco-tuco (Ctenomys boliviensis) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Bolivian tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Stenocara gracilipes, also known as the Fogstand Beetle, is a species of beetle that is native to the Namib Desert of southern Africa.	Stenocara gracilipes	species
taxon rank	Haitia is a small genus of two species in the Loosestrife family of plants named for Haiti, the country where it was first collected.	Haitia	genus
taxon rank	Aconchulinida is an order of amoeba in the sub-class Filosia.	Aconchulinida	order
taxon rank	Daphnephila sueyenae is a species of gall midge first associated with leaf galls on Lauraceae species, particularly Machilus thunbergii in Taiwan.	Daphnephila sueyenae	species
taxon rank	The North American beaver (Castor canadensis) is one of two extant beaver species.	North American beaver	species
taxon rank	Scirpophaga innotata, also called the rice white stemborer, is a species of moth of the Crambidae family.	Scirpophaga innotata	species
taxon rank	Carabus hummeli stolidus is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia.	Carabus hummeli stolidus	subspecies
taxon rank	Grammatidae is a small family of fishes in the order Perciformes known commonly as basslets.	Grammatidae	family
taxon rank	Bersama swynnertonii is a species of plant in the Melianthaceae family.	Bersama swynnertonii	species
taxon rank	Menegazzia dielsii is a species of lichen from New Zealand.	Menegazzia dielsii	species
taxon rank	Erebia cyclopius is a species of butterfly of the Satyrinae subfamily in the Nymphalidae family.	Erebia cyclopius	species
taxon rank	Acacia lanigera, commonly known as woolly wattle or hairy wattle, is a tree species that is endemic Australia.	Acacia lanigera	species
taxon rank	Ponerinae is a subfamily of ants in the Poneromorph subfamilies group, with about 1,600 species in 47 extant genera, including Dinoponera gigantea - one of the world's largest species of ant.	Ponerinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Selenemys is an extinct genus of pleurosternid turtle from the Late Jurassic of Central West of Portugal.	Selenemys	genus
taxon rank	Perdicella carinella is a species of tropical, tree-living, air-breathing, land snails, arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Perdicella carinella	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys fornesi, also known as Fornes' colilargo, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys fornesi	species
taxon rank	Jaxtasuchus is an extinct genus of armoured doswelliid archosauriform reptile known from the Middle Triassic (Ladinian stage) of the Erfurt Formation, Germany.	Jaxtasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Paramphilius is a genus of loach catfishes found in Africa.	Paramphilius	genus
taxon rank	Cataulacus simoni, is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae, which is a widespread species that can be found from China, India, and Sri Lanka.	Cataulacus simoni	species
taxon rank	Mimulus alsinoides is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names wingstem monkeyflower and chickweed monkeyflower.	Mimulus alsinoides	species
taxon rank	Entyloma dahliae is a species of smut fungus in the family Entylomataceae.	Entyloma dahliae	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis acicularis is a species of spikesedge known by the common names needle spikerush and least spikerush.	Eleocharis acicularis	species
taxon rank	Demodex folliculorum is a species of face mite.	Demodex folliculorum	species
taxon rank	Thrinaxodon is an extinct genus of cynodont, most commonly regarded by its species T. liorhinus which lived in what are now South Africa and Antarctica.	Thrinaxodon	genus
taxon rank	Boophis calcaratus (sometimes called the bright-eyed frog) is a species of treefrog found in Madagascar.	Boophis calcaratus	species
taxon rank	Acanthocyclops hypogeus is a species of copepod in the family Cyclopidae.	Acanthocyclops hypogeus	species
taxon rank	Incodynerus is an andean neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 10 recognized species	Incodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces arenae is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Illinois in the USA.	Streptomyces arenae	species
taxon rank	Birkenia is a genus of extinct anaspid fish from Middle Silurian strata of Northern Europe, and Middle Silurian to possibly Earliest Devonian strata of Arctic Canada.	Birkenia	genus
taxon rank	Euphthiracaridae is a family of mites in the order Oribatida.	Euphthiracaridae	family
taxon rank	Nanorana annandalii (common names: Annandale's paa frog, Annandale's frog, Boulenger's hill frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana annandalii	species
taxon rank	Squawfish or pikeminnows are cyprinid fish of the genus Ptychocheilus consisting of four species native to western North America.	Ptychocheilus	genus
taxon rank	Stenelmis canaliculata is a species of beetle from Elminae subfamily which can be found throughout Western Europe.	Stenelmis canaliculata	species
taxon rank	Nesodynerus is a genus of potter wasps endemic to the Hawaiian archipielago.	Nesodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Flabellisphinctes is small, evolute ammonite genus from the upper Middle Jurassic (Callovian) that lived between 160 and 154 Ma ago.	Flabellisphinctes	genus
taxon rank	Calliotropis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliotropidae.	Calliotropis	genus
taxon rank	Eugnathogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh, brackish and marine waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean region.	Eugnathogobius	genus
taxon rank	Sium burchellii, known commonly as dwarf jellico, is a species of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae.	Sium burchellii	species
taxon rank	Mimosiphonops is a genus of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family.	Mimosiphonops	genus
taxon rank	Dasyponyssidae is a small family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.	Dasyponyssidae	family
taxon rank	Spirula spirula is a species of deep-water squid-like cephalopod mollusk.	Spirula	species
taxon rank	Agnotocastor galushai is an extinct species of beaver.	Agnotocastor galushai	species
taxon rank	Xeronema is a genus of flowering plants containing two species:	Xeronema	genus
taxon rank	Floerkea is a monotypic genus of plants in the meadowfoam family containing the sole species Floerkea proserpinacoides, which is known by the common names false mermaid, false mermaidweed, and floerkea.	Floerkea	genus
taxon rank	Prothoe franck, the blue begum, is a butterfly species found in Assam in northeastern India and throughout a large part of southeast Asia.	Prothoe franck	species
taxon rank	Daphnia occidentalis is a species of crustacean in the family Daphniidae.	Daphnia occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Siederia is a genus of small moths.	Siederia	genus
taxon rank	Pardofelis is a genus of the cat family Felidae.	Pardofelis	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja levisecta ( The Golden Piantbrush) is a rare species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name golden paintbrush, or golden Indian paintbrush, listed under the Endangered Species Act in 1997.	Castilleja levisecta	species
taxon rank	Valdosaurus (``Weald Lizard'') is a genus of bipedal herbivorous iguanodont ornithopod dinosaur found on the Isle of Wight and elsewhere in England.	Valdosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Gonyaulacales are an order of dinoflagellates.	Gonyaulacales	order
taxon rank	Neoglyphidodon oxyodon is a species of damselfish in the family Pomacentridae.	Neoglyphidodon oxyodon	species
taxon rank	Sabal uresana, commonly known as the Sonoran palmetto, is a species of palm tree that is native to the foothills of the Sierra Madre Occidental in northwestern Mexico (states of Chihuahua and Sonora).	Sabal uresana	species
taxon rank	Carabus bessarabicus is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Moldova, Russia and Ukraine.	Carabus bessarabicus	species
taxon rank	Gentiana alba (called plain, pale, white, cream, or yellow gentian) is a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the Gentian family Gentianaceae, producing yellowish-white colored flowers from thick white taproots.	Gentiana alba	species
taxon rank	Pirhosigma is a moderately small neotropical genus of potter wasps.	Pirhosigma	genus
taxon rank	Downingia ornatissima is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name folded calicoflower.	Downingia ornatissima	species
taxon rank	Lyonia lucida is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common names fetterbush lyonia, hurrahbush, and staggerbush.	Lyonia lucida	species
taxon rank	Tetraodon schoutedeni is a species of pufferfish native to Africa's Congo Basin.	Tetraodon schoutedeni	species
taxon rank	Protorothyris is an extinct genus of Early Permian protorothyridid known from Texas and West Virginia of the United States.	Protorothyris	genus
taxon rank	Schistura maejotigrina is a species of stone loach, a freshwater fish, from northern Thailand.	Schistura maejotigrina	species
taxon rank	Myrsine australis, commonly known as Red Matipo or Mapou is a species of shrub within the family Primulaceae.	Myrsine australis	species
taxon rank	Canarium australianum is a species of trees, native to Australia and Papua New Guinea, of the plant family Burseraceae.	Canarium australianum	species
taxon rank	Hypsurus caryi, the Rainbow seaperch or Rainbow surfperch is a species of surfperch found along the Pacific coast of North America from Cape Mendocino, California to northern Baja California, Mexico.	Hypsurus caryi	species
taxon rank	Phlomidoschema is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described as a genus in 1941.	Phlomidoschema	genus
taxon rank	Kunming Nase, Xenocypris yunnanensis, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Xenocypris.	Xenocypris yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Lepidorhombus is a genus of turbots native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Lepidorhombus	genus
taxon rank	Adelomelon riosi, common name Rios's volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Adelomelon riosi	species
taxon rank	The mitochondrial genome of Branchiostoma lanceolatum has been sequenced, and the species serves as a model organism for studying the development of vertebrates.	Branchiostoma lanceolatum	species
taxon rank	Sabellaria spinulosa is a species of marine polychaete worm in the family Sabellariidae, commonly known as the Ross worm.	Sabellaria spinulosa	species
taxon rank	Sclerocactus wetlandicus is a rare species of cactus known by the common name Uinta Basin hookless cactus.	Sclerocactus wetlandicus	species
taxon rank	Aphantopus is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae.	Aphantopus	genus
taxon rank	Apsisaurus is an extinct genus of Early Permian varanopid synapsid known from Texas of the United States.	Apsisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Procranioceras is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Palaeomerycidae, endemic to North America from the Miocene epoch, 16.3--13.6 Ma, existing for approximately 2.7 million years.	Procranioceras	genus
taxon rank	Glarichelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle which was originally considered to be from the middle Oligocene epoch but has more recently come to be considered from the Eocene epoch.	Glarichelys	genus
taxon rank	Lasiacis (smallcane) is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family, found in the Americas from Mexico and Florida south to Argentina.	Lasiacis	genus
taxon rank	Prunus mahaleb, the mahaleb cherry or St Lucie cherry, is a species of cherry tree.	Prunus mahaleb	species
taxon rank	Sarcanthopsis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to various islands of the western Pacific.	Sarcanthopsis	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron aequifolius is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Hall's daisy and Hall's fleabane.	Erigeron aequifolius	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Petrakiella insignis.	Petrakiella	species
taxon rank	Allium sabulosum is a Eurasian species of wild onion native to European Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Iran, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Xinjiang.	Allium sabulosum	species
taxon rank	Sicyopus auxilimentus is a species of goby endemic to the Philippines where it is only known to occur in Lagu Lagu Creek on Leyte Island.	Sicyopus auxilimentus	species
taxon rank	Timanophon is an extinct genus of procolophonine procolophonid parareptile from early Triassic deposits of Arkhangelsk, Russia.	Timanophon	genus
taxon rank	Iridomyrmex bigi is a species of ant that is native to several regions of Australia.	Iridomyrmex bigi	species
taxon rank	Diploschema rotundicolle, citrus stem borer is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Diploschema rotundicolle	species
taxon rank	Esenbeckia runyonii is a species of flowering tree in the citrus family, Rutaceae, that is native to northeastern Mexico, with a small, disjunct population in the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States.	Esenbeckia runyonii	species
taxon rank	Acanthocinus princeps, known commonly as the ponderosa pine bark borer, is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae.	Acanthocinus princeps	species
taxon rank	The avian genus Quiscalus contains six of the ten species of grackle, gregarious passerine birds in the icterid family.	Quiscalus	genus
taxon rank	Casuarina obesa, commonly known as Swamp She-oak or Swamp Oak, is a species of Casuarina that is closely related to C. glauca and C. cristata.	Casuarina obesa	species
taxon rank	Myriophyllum indicum is a species of water milfoil.	Myriophyllum indicum	species
taxon rank	Anastrepha fenestrata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Anastrepha.	Anastrepha fenestrata	species
taxon rank	Ataxocerithium huttoni is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae.	Ataxocerithium huttoni	species
taxon rank	Porocephalichthys dasyrhynchus, the Shaggy cusk, is a species of viviparous brotula found in reefs around Rottnest Island, Australia.	Porocephalichthys dasyrhynchus	species
taxon rank	Aulodesmus mossambicus is a species of millipedes belonging to the family Gomphodesmidae.	Aulodesmus mossambicus	species
taxon rank	Vancouveria chrysantha is a species of flowering plant in the barberry family known by the common names golden inside-out flower and Siskiyou inside-out flower.	Vancouveria chrysantha	species
taxon rank	Cainia is a genus of fungi in the family Cainiaceae.	Cainia	genus
taxon rank	Sclerocactus polyancistrus is a species of cactus known by several common names, including redspined fishhook cactus, Mojave fishhook cactus, pineapple cactus, and hermit cactus.	Sclerocactus polyancistrus	species
taxon rank	Boulengerella is a genus of pike-characins from tropical South America, found in the Amazon Basin, Orinoco, and rivers of the Guiana Shield.	Boulengerella	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis punu is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Republic of the Congo and Gabon, where it is known from the Nyanga, Kouilou-Niari and Ngounié river basins.	Synodontis punu	species
taxon rank	Piperia elongata is a species of orchid known by the common names denseflower rein orchid, chaparral orchid and wood rein-orchid.	Piperia elongata	species
taxon rank	Chiromantes eulimene is a species of crab found in the mangrove swamps of south-eastern Africa (South Africa and Mozambique).	Chiromantes eulimene	species
taxon rank	Kangaroo rats, small rodents of genus Dipodomys, are native to western North America.	Kangaroo rat	genus
taxon rank	Isichthys henryi is a species of freshwater elephantfish in the family Mormyridae and the only member of its genus.	Isichthys henryi	species
taxon rank	The Mexican bean beetle, Epilachna varivestis, is a species of lady beetle which is a notorious agricultural pest.	Epilachna varivestis	species
taxon rank	Xylodromus depressus is a brown coloured species of beetle in the rove beetle family, that can be found in Albania, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Ukraine.	Xylodromus depressus	species
taxon rank	The Puerto Rican sharp-shinned hawk, (Accipiter striatus venator), falcón de sierra or gavilán pecho rufo in Spanish, is an endemic subspecies of the North American sharp-shinned hawk, occurring only in Puerto Rico.	Puerto Rican sharp-shinned hawk	subspecies
taxon rank	Nebria sajana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Altai and Western Sayans.	Nebria sajana	species
taxon rank	Cochranella is a genus of glass frogs, characterized by lacking humeral spines in males, and having a lobed liver.	Cochranella	genus
taxon rank	Prostanthera phylicifolia, commonly known as Spiked Mint-bush, is a species of plant in the Lamiaceae family.	Prostanthera phylicifolia	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus rubicundus is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it inhabits algae-covered reefs at depths of from near the surface to 25 metres (82 ft).	Paraclinus rubicundus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Chlamydosauromyces punctatus.	Chlamydosauromyces	species
taxon rank	Ilex aquifolium (holly, common holly, English holly, European holly, or occasionally Christmas holly), is a species of holly native to western and southern Europe, northwest Africa, and southwest Asia.	Ilex aquifolium	species
taxon rank	Vriesea funebris is a species in the genus Vriesea.	Vriesea funebris	species
taxon rank	Pseudostenidea rufescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudostenidea.	Pseudostenidea rufescens	species
taxon rank	Lenzites warnieri is a species of fungus in the family Polyporaceae found in parts of Europe, Asia, and northern Africa.	Lenzites warnieri	species
taxon rank	Hylarana garoensis (commonly known as Boulenger's Garo hill frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Hylarana garoensis	species
taxon rank	Gomphos is an extinct genus of early lagomorph from the early Eocene some 55 million years ago of China and Mongolia.	Gomphos	genus
taxon rank	It was formerly classified as a subspecies of the Himalayan cuckoo (C. saturatus) with the name Oriental cuckoo used for the combined species.	Oriental cuckoo	species
taxon rank	Cephalaria alpina, commonly known as the yellow cephalaria, alpine scabiouse or yellow scabiose, is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae native to the Alps in Europe.	Cephalaria alpina	species
taxon rank	Rehmannia is a genus of six species of flowering plants in the order Lamiales, endemic to China.	Rehmannia	genus
taxon rank	Haworthia zantneriana is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, endemic to the southern parts of the Western Cape and Eastern Cape Provinces in South Africa.	Haworthia zantneriana	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Procacitas orientella, which is found in Japan (Hokkaido, Honshu, Shikoku), Russia (Sakhalin, Irkutsk, Primorye) and North Korea.	Procacitas	species
taxon rank	Streptanthus cordatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name heartleaf twistflower.	Streptanthus cordatus	species
taxon rank	Sphaerium beckmani is an extinct species of fossil freshwater pea clams from the Late Cretaceous deposits of North America.	Sphaerium beckmani	species
taxon rank	Thalassiosirales is an order of centric diatoms.	Thalassiosirales	order
taxon rank	Ophiopogon planiscapus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae.	Ophiopogon planiscapus	species
taxon rank	Lipotriches pulchriventris is a species of bees in the genus Lipotriches, of the family Halictidae.	Lipotriches pulchriventris	species
taxon rank	Khaya senegalensis is a species of tree in the Meliaceae family that is native to Africa.	Khaya senegalensis	species
taxon rank	The superfamily Papilionoidea (from the genus Papilio, meaning ``butterfly'') contains all the butterflies except for the skippers, which are classified in superfamily Hesperioidea, and the moth-like Hedyloidea.	Papilionoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Melanopais gemmaria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Melanopais.	Melanopais gemmaria	species
taxon rank	Mindarus harringtoni is an extinct species of aphid.	Mindarus harringtoni	species
taxon rank	Bhesa paniculata is a species of plant in the Centroplacaceae family.	Bhesa paniculata	species
taxon rank	Dipodium brevilabium is an orchid species that is endemic to Western Papua in Indonesia.	Dipodium brevilabium	species
taxon rank	Claea niulanjiangensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Claea.	Claea niulanjiangensis	species
taxon rank	Philidris jiugongshanensis is a species of ant in the genus Philidris.	Philidris jiugongshanensis	species
taxon rank	Cyperus fuscus is a species of sedge known by the common name brown galingale, or brown flatsedge.	Cyperus fuscus	species
taxon rank	Mikaniopsis is a genus of African flowering plant in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Mikaniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus tyghensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Tygh Valley milkvetch.	Astragalus tyghensis	species
taxon rank	Morrinhosuchus is an extinct genus of notosuchian crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous Adamantina Formation of Brazil.	Morrinhosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Members of the genus Lophius, also sometimes called monkfish, fishing-frogs, frog-fish and sea-devils, are well known off the coasts of Europe.	Lophius	genus
taxon rank	Gracianella is a genus of fossil brachiopods.	Gracianella	genus
taxon rank	The Cyatheaceae are the scaly tree fern family and include the world's tallest tree ferns, which reach heights up to 20 m. They are also very ancient plants, appearing in the fossil record in the late Jurassic, though the modern genera likely appeared in the Cenozoic.	Cyatheaceae	family
taxon rank	Anisopodus nigripes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1885.	Anisopodus nigripes	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Dracomonticola virginea, native to Lesotho and South Africa.	Dracomonticola	species
taxon rank	Sorbaria is a genus of around 9 species of flowering plants belong to family Rosaceae.	Sorbaria	genus
taxon rank	Kartidris is an Indomalayan genus of terrestrial ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Kartidris	genus
taxon rank	Ptychatractus ligatus, common name the ligate false spindle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ptychatractidae.	Ptychatractus ligatus	species
taxon rank	Aichryson is a genus of about 15 species of succulent, subtropical plants, mostly native to the Canary Islands, with a few in the Azores, Madeira and Morocco, and one in Portugal.	Aichryson	genus
taxon rank	Aclididae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks, in the superfamily Eulimoidea.	Aclididae	family
taxon rank	Caladenia pectinata, commonly known as the King spider orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Caladenia pectinata	species
taxon rank	Thoosuchus is an extinct genus of basal trematosauroid trematosaurian temnospondyl.	Thoosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Quercus franchetii, commonly known as the zhui lian li evergreen oak, is a species of oak in the section Quercus sect.	Quercus franchetii	species
taxon rank	Agyneta pogonophora is a species of sheet weaver found in Angola and Seychelles.	Agyneta pogonophora	species
taxon rank	Alchemilla stricta is a species of lady's mantle that is endemic to Turkey.	Alchemilla stricta	species
taxon rank	Cyriocosmus elegans is a spider species in the genus Cyriocosmus and the family Theraphosidae (tarantulas) found in Venezuela, Trinidad and Tobago.	Cyriocosmus elegans	species
taxon rank	Broughtonia is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae) native to the Bahamas and the Greater Antilles.	Broughtonia	genus
taxon rank	Lepidoblepharis buchwaldii is a species of gecko endemic to Ecuador.	Lepidoblepharis buchwaldi	species
taxon rank	Oxymeris strigata, common name : the Zebra Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Oxymeris strigata	species
taxon rank	Acinacodus is an extinct genus of amphidontid ``eutriconodont'' which existed in Shestakovo 1 locality in Western Siberia, Russia during the early Cretaceous period.	Acinacodus	genus
taxon rank	Aegialitis is a genus of two shrubby mangrove species, with one native to Southeast Asia and the other native to Australia and Papua New Guinea.	Aegialitis	genus
taxon rank	Schmidtea lugubris is a species of freshwater flatworm, a dugesiid triclad that inhabits the freshwater of Europe.	Schmidtea lugubris	species
taxon rank	Sicyases is a genus of clingfishes native to the coasts of the southeastern Pacific Ocean.	Sicyases	genus
taxon rank	Celsinotum candango is a species of crustacean.	Celsinotum candango	species
taxon rank	Myriotrochidae is a family of sea cucumbers.	Myriotrochidae	family
taxon rank	Branchinecta gigas is a species of fairy shrimp that lives in western Canada and the United States.	Branchinecta gigas	species
taxon rank	Chinlechelys (/tʃɪnltʃɛliːs/ meaning Chinle turtle) is an extinct genus of primitive turtle.	Chinlechelys	genus
taxon rank	Cirsium helenioides, called melancholy thistle, is an Asian and Arctic species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium helenioides	species
taxon rank	Lythrum is a genus of 38 species of flowering plants native to the temperate world.	Lythrum	genus
taxon rank	Balsamorhiza sericea is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower tribe of the plant family Asteraceae known by the common name silky balsamroot.	Balsamorhiza sericea	species
taxon rank	Ilex vomitoria, commonly known as yaupon or yaupon holly, is a species of holly that is native to southeastern North America.	Ilex vomitoria	species
taxon rank	Thiobacillus is a genus of Gram-negative Betaproteobacteria.	Thiobacillus	genus
taxon rank	Lithostygnus is a genus of beetles in the family Latridiidae, containing the following species:	Lithostygnus	genus
taxon rank	Aplocheilichthys sp. nov. 'Baringo' is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family.	Aplocheilichthys sp. nov. 'Baringo'	species
taxon rank	Maxomys is a genus of rodents, widespread in Southeast Asia.	Maxomys	genus
taxon rank	Gilia capitata is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names blue-thimble-flower, bluehead gilia, blue field gilia, and globe gilia.	Gilia capitata	species
taxon rank	Solenopsis saevissima, commonly known in Brazil as formiga ruiva (red ant), is one of more than 185 species in the genus Solenopsis.	Solenopsis saevissima	species
taxon rank	Carabus nanschanicus is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai and Sichuan provinces of China.	Carabus nanschanicus	species
taxon rank	The Seram imperial pigeon (Ducula neglecta) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Seram imperial pigeon	species
taxon rank	Adelobasileus cromptoni is a species of an extinct genus of mammal-like synapsid from the Late Triassic (Carnian), about 225 million years ago.	Adelobasileus	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus gambelianus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gambel's dwarf milkvetch.	Astragalus gambelianus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia leucocephala, with many common names including little Christmas flower, white lace euphorbia, snow bush, snow flake, snows of Kilimanjaro and white Christmas bush is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Euphorbia leucocephala	species
taxon rank	Sinularia is a genus of soft coral.	Sinularia	genus
taxon rank	Sarcomelicope is a genus of plant in family Rutaceae.	Sarcomelicope	genus
taxon rank	The Galápagos dove (Zenaida galapagoensis) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Galápagos dove	species
taxon rank	Grevillea kennedyana is a sprawling shrub of the Grevillea species.	Grevillea kennedyana	species
taxon rank	Ancherythroculter is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in eastern Asia in China and Vietnam.	Ancherythroculter	genus
taxon rank	Tabanus lineola, also known as the striped horse fly, is a species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus lineola	species
taxon rank	Palmadusta humphreyii, common name : the Humphrey's Cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Palmadusta humphreyii	species
taxon rank	The Andean hillstar (Oreotrochilus estella) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Andean hillstar	species
taxon rank	Miniopterus gleni is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae and it belongs to the class Mammalia.	Miniopterus gleni	species
taxon rank	Thoressa is a genus of skipper butterflies.	Thoressa	genus
taxon rank	Motyxia is a genus of cyanide-producing millipedes (collectively known as Sierra luminous millipedes or motyxias) that are endemic to the southern Sierra Nevada, Tehachapi, and Santa Monica mountain ranges of California.	Motyxia	genus
taxon rank	Diestrammena bifurcata is a species of cricket in the Rhaphidophoridae family.	Diestrammena bifurcata	species
taxon rank	Pseudocalotes microlepis, also known as Burmese false bloodsucker or small-scaled forest agamid, is a species of agamid lizard in the genus Pseudocalotes found in southern China (Hainan, Guizhou), Thailand, Laos, Myanmar and Vietnam.	Pseudocalotes microlepis	species
taxon rank	Tityus fasciolatus is a species of scorpion from the family Buthidae.	Tityus fasciolatus	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum beccarii is by far the largest species in the genus Bulbophyllum and one of the largest in the orchid family.	Bulbophyllum beccarii	species
taxon rank	Garcinia intermedia is a species of tropical American tree which produces tasty fruit.	Garcinia intermedia	species
taxon rank	Magninia tonkinea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Magninia.	Magninia tonkinea	species
taxon rank	Xianglong (meaning ``flying dragon'' in Chinese) is a genus of Cretaceous lizard discovered in the Zhuanchengzi, near Yizhou, Yixian, Liaoning Province of China.	Xianglong	genus
taxon rank	Owenodon is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur known from a partial lower jaw discovered in Early Cretaceous-age rocks of Durlston Bay, Dorset, United Kingdom.	Owenodon	genus
taxon rank	Raphidiophryidae is a family of mostly freshwater centrohelids.	Raphidiophryidae	family
taxon rank	Plagioeciidae is a family of bryozoans, containing many genera once assigned to Diastoporidae.	Plagioeciidae	family
taxon rank	Cranopsis cucullata, common name the hooded keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Cranopsis cucullata	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma sundbergi ladiguensis is a diurnal subspecies of Phelsuma sundbergi.	Phelsuma sundbergi ladiguensis	subspecies
taxon rank	Pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum is a plant species in the genus Pedicularis.	Pedicularis sceptrum-carolinum	species
taxon rank	Hybolasiopsis abnormalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hybolasiopsis.	Hybolasiopsis abnormalis	species
taxon rank	Doumea angolensis is a species of loach catfish endemic to Angola where it is found in the Benguela interior and the Quanza River system.	Doumea angolensis	species
taxon rank	Neoclytus acuminatus, the red-headed ash borer, is a common North American species in the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae).	Neoclytus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Petrobrasaurus is a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur.	Petrobrasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Salmo chilo is a salmonid fish, a relative of trout first described as a distinct species in 2012 from the Akdere Stream, a tributary of the Ceyhan River in Turkey.	Salmo chilo	species
taxon rank	Burkholderia phymatum is a species of proteobacteria that is capable of symbiotic nitrogen fixation with the legume Machaerium lunatum and Mimosa pudica.	Burkholderia phymatum	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus bananensis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus bananensis	species
taxon rank	Terebrirostra is an extinct genus of brachiopod from the Cretaceous of Europe.	Terebrirostra	genus
taxon rank	Conus exiguus, common name Cabrit's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus exiguus	species
taxon rank	The Entoliidae, also referred to as the entoliids, are a taxonomic family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pectinoida.	Entoliidae	family
taxon rank	Torreyochloa pallida is a species of grass known by the common names pale false mannagrass and weak manna grass.	Torreyochloa pallida	species
taxon rank	Deferribacter desulfuricans is a species of sulfur-, nitrate- and arsenate-reducing thermophile first isolated from a deep-sea hydrothermal vent.	Deferribacter desulfuricans	species
taxon rank	The large flowering plant genus Grewia /ˈɡruːiə/ is today placed by most authors in the mallow family Malvaceae, in the expanded sense as proposed by in the APG.	Grewia	genus
taxon rank	Tilletia is a genus of smut fungi in the Tilletiaceae family.	Tilletia	genus
taxon rank	Fissidentales is a formerly recognized order of mosses.	Fissidentales	order
taxon rank	Hesperostipa is a genus of grasses in the family Poaceae.	Hesperostipa	genus
taxon rank	Galium glabrescens is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Castle Lake bedstraw.	Galium glabrescens	species
taxon rank	Palaeontinoidea is an extinct superfamily of cicadomorph hemipteran insects.	Palaeontinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Elsinoaceae is a family of sac fungi, widely distributed in the tropics.	Elsinoaceae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces griseoluteus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tokyo in Japan.	Streptomyces griseoluteus	species
taxon rank	Silonia childreni is a species of schilbid catfish endemic to India where it occurs in the Krishna, Godavari and Cauvery River systems of the Western Ghats.	Silonia childreni	species
taxon rank	Drosera rosulata is a perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to southwest Western Australia.	Drosera rosulata	species
taxon rank	Koeleria pyramidata is a Eurasian plant species in the grass family.	Koeleria pyramidata	species
taxon rank	Archachatina marginata, common name the Giant West African Snail or Banana rasp snail, is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.	Archachatina marginata	species
taxon rank	Calicalicus is a genus of bird in the Vangidae family.	Calicalicus	genus
taxon rank	Farlowella hasemani is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in Pará.	Farlowella hasemani	species
taxon rank	Portenko's shrew (Sorex portenkoi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae that is endemic to Russia.	Portenko's shrew	species
taxon rank	Drosera sulphurea, the sulphur-flowered sundew, is a scrambling perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera sulphurea	species
taxon rank	Melanophylla is a genus of flowering plants endemic to Madagascar.	Melanophylla	genus
taxon rank	Phyciodes phaon (the Phaon crescent or mat plant crescent) is a species of butterfly endemic to northern Florida.	Phyciodes phaon	species
taxon rank	Microhyla maculifera (common name: Sabah rice frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Microhyla maculifera	species
taxon rank	Indrella ampulla is a species of tropical terrestrial air-breathing gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.	Indrella ampulla	species
taxon rank	Varieties Erigeron philadelphicus var. glaber J.K.Henry - British Columbia Erigeron philadelphicus Linnaeus var. philadelphicus - most of species range Erigeron philadelphicus var. provancheri (Victorin & J. Rousseau) B. Boivin - Ontario, Québec;	Erigeron philadelphicus	species
taxon rank	Coptosoma scutellatum is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Plataspidae, subfamily Plataspinae.	Coptosoma scutellatum	species
taxon rank	Sepiola pfefferi is a species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Sepiola pfefferi	species
taxon rank	The Angolan talapoin (Miopithecus talapoin), also known as the southern talapoin, is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Angolan talapoin	species
taxon rank	Atractaspis duerdeni, commonly known as the beaked burrowing asp or Duerden's burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis duerdeni	species
taxon rank	Allothereua maculata is a species of centipede found in Australia known as the house centipede -- a name applied elsewhere to other species.	Allothereua maculata	species
taxon rank	Argiope trifasciata (banded garden spider) is a species of spider found around the world.	Argiope trifasciata	species
taxon rank	Mucurilebias leitaoi is a species of rivuline fish endemic to Brazil where it occurs, or formerly occurred, in the basin of the Mucuri River.	Mucurilebias leitaoi	species
taxon rank	Callinectes is a genus of crabs, containing 16 species, including the Atlantic blue crab, C. sapidus:	Callinectes	genus
taxon rank	Quercus peduncularis is a Mesoamerican species of plant in the beech family.	Quercus peduncularis	species
taxon rank	The Aquifoliales are an order of flowering plants, including the Aquifoliaceae (or holly) family, and also the Helwingiaceae (2-5 species of temperate Asian shrubs) and the Phyllonomaceae (4 species of Central American trees and shrubs).	Aquifoliales	order
taxon rank	Layia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont's tidytips.	Layia fremontii	species
taxon rank	Sagamichthys is a genus of tubeshoulders.	Sagamichthys	genus
taxon rank	Dioon mejiae is a species of cycad that is native to Honduras and Nicaragua.	Dioon mejiae	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis velifer is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Nabugabo, Uganda.	Haplochromis velifer	species
taxon rank	Toxopneustes is a genus of sea urchins from the tropical Indo-Pacific.	Toxopneustes	genus
taxon rank	Aussiedraco is a genus of basal ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the early Cretaceous of Australia.	Aussiedraco	genus
taxon rank	Sindoscopus australis is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Chile where it can be found in shallow waters with a sandy substrate.	Sindoscopus australis	species
taxon rank	Megachirella is an extinct genus of lepidosauromorph reptile from the Middle Triassic and contains one species, Megachirella wachtleri, from the Dolomites of northern Italy.	Megachirella	genus
taxon rank	Parachartergus fraternus is a neotropical, swarm founding, polistine wasp species that is distributed throughout Central and South America.	Parachartergus fraternus	species
taxon rank	Tibouchina heteromalla, known by the common name silverleafed princess flower in English is a species of evergreen flowering plant in the genus Tibouchina of the family Melastomataceae.	Tibouchina heteromalla	species
taxon rank	Alasmidonta viridis, common name the Slippershell mussel, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Alasmidonta viridis	species
taxon rank	Goodfellow's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys goodfellowi) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Goodfellow's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Pseudosedum is a genus in the family Crassulaceae.	Pseudosedum	genus
taxon rank	Frostius pernambucensis, or the Frost's toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Frostius pernambucensis	species
taxon rank	Malarguesaurus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mendoza Province, Argentina.	Malarguesaurus	genus
taxon rank	Thaumatococcus daniellii is a plant species from Africa, known for being the natural source of thaumatin, an intensely sweet protein which is of interest in the development of sweeteners.	Thaumatococcus daniellii	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus eschscholtzii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Eschscholtz's buttercup.	Ranunculus eschscholtzii	species
taxon rank	Kirk's dik-dik (Madoqua kirkii) is a small antelope native to Eastern Africa and one of four species of dik-dik antelope.	Kirk's dik-dik	species
taxon rank	Sagina nodosa (Knotted Pearlwort) is a species in the genus Sagina, native to northern Europe.	Sagina nodosa	species
taxon rank	Macrotrema caligans is a species of swamp eel native to Malaysia and Thailand.	Macrotrema caligans	species
taxon rank	Sicyopterus stimpsoni, commonly known as the Nopoli rockclimbing goby, oopu nopili, or Stimpson's goby, is a species of amphidromous goby endemic to Hawaii.	Sicyopterus stimpsoni	species
taxon rank	Calycadenia spicata is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name spiked western rosinweed.	Calycadenia spicata	species
taxon rank	First described as Banksia nivea, it was transferred to Dryandra as Dryandra nivea by Robert Brown in 1810, and remained in that genus until 2007, when all Dryandra species were transferred to Banksia by Austin Mast and Kevin Thiele.	Banksia nivea	species
taxon rank	Mopalia spectabilis, commonly known as the Red-flecked Mopalia, is a species of chiton.	Mopalia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Hyloscirtus albopunctulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.	Hyloscirtus albopunctulatus	species
taxon rank	Carex vulpinoidea is a species of sedge known by the common name fox sedge or American fox-sedge.	Carex vulpinoidea	species
taxon rank	Pleuropogon refractus is a species of grass known by the common name nodding semaphoregrass.	Pleuropogon refractus	species
taxon rank	Kenichthys is a genus of sarcopterygian fish from the Devonian period, and a member of the clade tetrapodomorpha.	Kenichthys	genus
taxon rank	Delias ganymedes is a species of pierine butterfly endemic to the Philippines.	Delias ganymedes	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus geminatus, the Crested blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus geminatus	species
taxon rank	Elophila feili is a species of moth in the Crambidae family which can be found in Spain and Portugal.	Elophila feili	species
taxon rank	Anomoeodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Late Cretaceous.	Anomoeodus	genus
taxon rank	Sinutropis is a genus of fossil sea snails, extinct euomphalid archaeogastropods from the Upper Silurian.	Sinutropis	genus
taxon rank	Amentotaxus yunnanensis (Yunnan Catkin Yew) is a species of conifer in the yew family, Taxaceae.	Amentotaxus yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa daqiaoensis is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa.	Triplophysa daqiaoensis	species
taxon rank	Friedrich von Huene reassessed it in 1932 as belonging to a new genus, that he named Plateosauravus.	Plateosauravus	genus
taxon rank	Clavelina coerulea is a species of tunicates belonging to the family Clavelinidae.	Clavelina coerulea	species
taxon rank	Rossia bullisi, also known as the Gulf bobtail squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the tropical western Atlantic Ocean, specifically the northern Gulf of Mexico and Straits of Florida.	Rossia bullisi	species
taxon rank	Drosophila melanogaster is a species of fly (the taxonomic order Diptera) in the family Drosophilidae.	Drosophila melanogaster	species
taxon rank	Miltonia clowesii, the Clowes' Miltonia, is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Miltonia clowesii	species
taxon rank	Pelophryne (Flathead Toads) is a genus of true toads endemic to Philippines, Borneo, Malaya, Singapore and Hainan Island, China.	Pelophryne	genus
taxon rank	Perimecoceras is similar in general form to the oncoceratid genus Oonoceras from which it may have been derived, but differs in having a longer body chamber in proportion and in having concave segments to its siphuncle.	Perimecoceras	genus
taxon rank	Mirabilis macfarlanei is a rare species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name MacFarlane's four o'clock.	Mirabilis macfarlanei	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species Stanempista schawerdae, which is found in Spain.	Stanempista	species
taxon rank	Puntius cauveriensis, the Cauvery barb, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Cauvery River in Karnataka, India.	Puntius cauveriensis	species
taxon rank	Nicotiana × sanderae is a hybrid of the tobacco species Nicotiana alata and Nicotiana forgetiana.	Nicotiana × sanderae	species
taxon rank	Penicillium lapatayae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Tierra del Fuego in Chile.	Penicillium lapatayae	species
taxon rank	Dawndraco is a genus of pteranodontid pterosaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Dawndraco	genus
taxon rank	Aleurodicus dispersus, the spiralling whitefly, is a species of small, white sap-sucking insect, a true bug in the order Hemiptera.	Aleurodicus dispersus	species
taxon rank	Apteribis is an extinct genus of flightless birds in the ibis subfamily that was endemic to the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean.	Apteribis	genus
taxon rank	Tarigidia is a genus of South African and Puerto Rican plants in the grass family.	Tarigidia	genus
taxon rank	Densovirinae is a subfamily of single-stranded DNA viruses in the family Parvoviridae.	Densovirinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Amathia vidovici is a species of colonial bryozoan with a tree-like structure.	Amathia vidovici	species
taxon rank	Magnistipula conrauana is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family.	Magnistipula conrauana	species
taxon rank	The Maikhanellidae are a family of Early Cambrian monoplacophora with a limpet-like morphology.	Maikhanellidae	family
taxon rank	The Griffis angelfish, Apolemichthys griffisi, is a species of marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean.	Apolemichthys griffisi	species
taxon rank	Plectrypops is a genus of soldierfish containing two extant species, with one species in the Indo-Pacific, and another in the western Atlantic and the Caribbean.	Plectrypops	genus
taxon rank	Mutinus elegans, commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn, the dog stinkhorn, the headless stinkhorn, or the devil's dipstick, is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family.	Mutinus elegans	species
taxon rank	Calathea ornata (also called variously Striped, Pin-stripe, or Pin-stripe calathea) is a species of perennial plant in the family known as the prayer plants.	Calathea ornata	species
taxon rank	Germainia is a genus of Chinese, Asian and Australian plants in the grass family.	Germainia	genus
taxon rank	Zamites is a genus of fossil tree known from the Mesozoic of North America, Europe and India through the Oligocene of North America.	Zamites	genus
taxon rank	Caladenia barbarossa, commonly known as the common dragon orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Caladenia barbarossa	species
taxon rank	Rhaebo hypomelas (common name: Choco toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Rhaebo hypomelas	species
taxon rank	Eurolimnornis is the name given to a monotypic genus of pterosaurs from the Early Cretaceous.	Eurolimnornis	genus
taxon rank	Navarretia heterandra is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Tehama pincushionplant, or Tehama navarretia.	Navarretia heterandra	species
taxon rank	Lasthenia minor is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name coastal goldfields.	Lasthenia minor	species
taxon rank	Acanthosybra lineolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acanthosybra.	Acanthosybra lineolata	species
taxon rank	Tuditanomorpha is a suborder of microsaur lepospondyls.	Tuditanomorpha	suborder
taxon rank	Phaius australis, also known as the lesser swamp orchid and southern swamp orchid, is a species of orchid found in Australia.	Phaius australis	species
taxon rank	Quercus microphylla is a Mexican species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus microphylla	species
taxon rank	Leucogenes is a genus of plants in the sunflower family, native to New Zealand.	Leucogenes	genus
taxon rank	Anathallis is a genus of orchids, comprising about 97 species native to Mexico, Central America, South America and the West Indies.	Anathallis	genus
taxon rank	Dendropsophus ebraccatus, commonly known as the hourglass treefrog or pantless treefrog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus ebraccatus	species
taxon rank	Parinari costata is a species of plant in the Chrysobalanaceae family that can be found in Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Singapore.	Parinari costata	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Ascocephalophora petasiformis.	Ascocephalophora	species
taxon rank	Trichodina is a genus of ciliate protists that is ectocommensal or parasitic on aquatic animals, particularly fish.	Trichodina	genus
taxon rank	Mesoleuctra is a genus of stoneflies that lived in the Jurassic period.	Mesoleuctra	genus
taxon rank	Pancratium canariense or the Canary Sea Daffodil is a species of bulbous plant endemic to the Canary Islands.	Pancratium canariense	species
taxon rank	Montano virus (MTNV) is a single-stranded, enveloped, negative sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family.	Montano virus	species
taxon rank	Oxalis latifolia is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family known by the common names garden pink-sorrel and broadleaf woodsorrel.	Oxalis latifolia	species
taxon rank	The Ammonitida is an order of more highly evolved ammonoid cephalopods from the Jurassic and Cretaceous time periods, commonly with intricate ammonitic sutures.	Ammonitida	order
taxon rank	It contains the single genus Apotomus with the following species:	Apotomus	genus
taxon rank	Nothaphoebe pahangensis is a species of plant in the family Lauraceae.	Nothaphoebe pahangensis	species
taxon rank	Myriacantherpestes is an extinct genus of spiny millipedes from the Pennsylvanian subperiod of the Carboniferous period, known from fossils in Europe and North America.	Myriacantherpestes	genus
taxon rank	Craugastor chrysozetetes is an extinct species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor chrysozetetes	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria orientalis is a Eurasian species of monocotyledon plant of the lily family.	Fritillaria orientalis	species
taxon rank	Gephyroglanis gymnorhynchus is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in the Aruwimi River.	Gephyroglanis gymnorhynchus	species
taxon rank	Shorea bentongensis (also called White Meranti) is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae.	Shorea bentongensis	species
taxon rank	Diandrya composita is a species of cestode parasite that is known from marmots (Marmota spp.)	Diandrya composita	species
taxon rank	Marleyella is a genus of righteye flounders native to the western Indian Ocean where found at depths ranging from the shallows to more than 400 m (1,300 ft).	Marleyella	genus
taxon rank	Hamites (``hook-like'') is a genus of heteromorph ammonite that evolved late in the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous and lasted into the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.	Hamites	genus
taxon rank	Gerrhosaurus is a genus of lizards native to southern and eastern Africa.	Gerrhosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lyelliceratidae is a family of ammonites belonging to the family Gaudryceratidae.	Lyelliceratidae	family
taxon rank	Carelia turricula are an extinct species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia turricula	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia suturalis is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, that can be found in Sicily, Spain, the Near East, North Africa and Turkey.	Agapanthia suturalis	species
taxon rank	Apostasia wallichii is a species of orchid that was described in 1830 in a book by Nathaniel Wallich, using a description excerpted from a manuscript by Robert Brown.	Apostasia wallichii	species
taxon rank	Cuerna is a genus of insect in the leafhopper family described in 1924 and accepted in 1925.	Cuerna	genus
taxon rank	Oenocarpus is a genus of pinnate-leaved palms (Arecaceae) native to Trinidad, southern Central and tropical South America.	Oenocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Xiphopenaeus is a genus of crustaceans in the suborder Dendrobranchiata, the shrimps and prawns.	Xiphopenaeus	genus
taxon rank	Garra barreimiae, the Oman garra, is a cave-adapted species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae.	Garra barreimiae	species
taxon rank	The Pribilof Island shrew (Sorex pribilofensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Pribilof Island shrew	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe yungensis is a species of psychedelic mushroom in the Strophariaceae family.	Psilocybe yungensis	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes stigmaticus, the red-streaked blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny from the Indo-Pacific.	Cirripectes stigmaticus	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha muricata is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name pointed cryptantha.	Cryptantha muricata	species
taxon rank	Arborotites stuckenbergi is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Arborotites of the family Ulidiidae.	Arborotites stuckenbergi	species
taxon rank	Banksieaephyllum is a plant genus that encompasses organically preserved fossil leaves that can be attributed to the Proteaceae tribe Banksieae, but cannot be attributed to a genus.	Banksieaephyllum	genus
taxon rank	The Pristigasteridae are a family of fish related to the herrings, including the genera Ilisha, Pellona, and Pristigaster.	Pristigasteridae	family
taxon rank	Odontomachus cornutus is a species of ant in the Ponerinae subfamily.	Odontomachus cornutus	species
taxon rank	Avena sterilis (Animated oat, Sterile oat, Wild oat, Wild red oat, Winter wild oat; syn. Avena ludoviciana Durieu; Avena sterilis ssp. ludoviciana (Durieu) Gillet & Magne in Federal Noxious Weed Disseminules of the U.S.) is a species of grass weed, and its seeds are edible.	Avena sterilis	species
taxon rank	Misumena nigromaculata is a species of flower crab spider endemic to Madeira.	Misumena nigromaculata	species
taxon rank	Liopleurodon (/ˌlaɪoʊˈplʊərədɒn/; meaning 'smooth-sided teeth') is a genus of large, carnivorous marine reptile belonging to the Pliosauroidea, a clade of short-necked plesiosaurs.	Liopleurodon	genus
taxon rank	Camissonia benitensis is a species of evening primrose known by the common name San Benito evening primrose.	Camissonia benitensis	species
taxon rank	Hesioninae are a subfamily of phyllodocid ``bristle worms'' (class Polychaeta).	Hesioninae	subfamily
taxon rank	Korthalsia is a clustering genus of flowering plant in the palm family spread throughout Southeast Asia.	Korthalsia	genus
taxon rank	Conus ermineus, common name the turtle cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus ermineus	species
taxon rank	Rhodactina himalayensis is a species of secotioid fungus in the family Boletaceae, and the type species of genus Rhodactina.	Rhodactina himalayensis	species
taxon rank	Seabriella fasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Seabriella.	Seabriella	species
taxon rank	Bitis arietans somalica (Somali: Abeeso) also known as the Somali puff adder, is a venomous viper subspecies found only in Somalia , eastern Ethiopia and northern Kenya.	Bitis arietans somalica	subspecies
taxon rank	Brickellia laciniata (splitleaf brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia laciniata	species
taxon rank	Dicolectes spinicollis is a species of leaf beetle native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, observed by Burgeon in 1941.	Dicolectes spinicollis	species
taxon rank	The designated holotype for the genus and type species, Mapusaurus roseae, is an isolated right nasal (MCF-PVPH-108.1, Museo Carmen Funes, Paleontología de Vertebrados, Plaza Huincul, Neuquén).	Mapusaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Cuban blackbird (Dives atroviolaceus) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.	Cuban blackbird	species
taxon rank	Noltea is a monotypic genus of flowering plants.	Noltea	genus
taxon rank	Biomphalaria alexandrina is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Biomphalaria alexandrina	species
taxon rank	Mammacyon is an extinct genus of medium-sized amphicyonid caniformian carnivoran mammals endemic to North America during the Oligocene to Miocene living from 30.8--20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 10.2 million years.	Mammacyon	genus
taxon rank	Clinus is a genus of clinids found in the southeastern Atlantic and western Indian ocean.	Clinus	genus
taxon rank	Leptodactylus viridis (common name: Jim's white-lipped frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Leptodactylus viridis	species
taxon rank	Dyspanopeus texanus (formerly Panopeus texanus or Neopanope texana) is a species of crab known as the Texas mud crab.	Dyspanopeus texanus	species
taxon rank	Potamobatrachus trispinosus is a species of toadfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Araguaia and Tocantins Rivers.	Potamobatrachus trispinosus	species
taxon rank	Dianthus japonicus is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Dianthus.	Dianthus japonicus	species
taxon rank	Hamaxiella brunnescens is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hamaxiella of the family Tachinidae.	Hamaxiella brunnescens	species
taxon rank	Megacephala pseudofulgida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1963, and is endemic to Goias, Brazil.	Megacephala pseudofulgida	species
taxon rank	Opisthiolepis is a genus of a sole described species of large trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Opisthiolepis	genus
taxon rank	Hollandaea sayeriana, sometimes named Sayer's silky oak, is a species of Australian rainforest small trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Hollandaea sayeriana	species
taxon rank	Dichocrocis clytusalis, the kurrajong bag moth, is a species of moth of the Crambidae family.	Dichocrocis clytusalis	species
taxon rank	Juncus hemiendytus is a species of rush known by the common name Herman's dwarf rush.	Juncus hemiendytus	species
taxon rank	Mimulus bigelovii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Bigelow's monkeyflower.	Mimulus bigelovii	species
taxon rank	Clinanthus is a genus of bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, found in western South America, from Ecuador to north west Argentina.	Clinanthus	genus
taxon rank	Dictymia brownii, known as the Strap Fern, is a species of fern found in and near rainforest in eastern Australia.	Dictymia brownii	species
taxon rank	Hysterophora maculosana, the bluebell conch, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Hysterophora maculosana	species
taxon rank	Puntius viridis is a species of barb native to the Manimala River in Kerala, India.	Puntius viridis	species
taxon rank	Coccoloba uvifera is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family, Polygonaceae, that is native to coastal beaches throughout tropical America and the Caribbean; including southern Florida, the Bahamas, the Greater and Lesser Antilles and Bermuda.	Coccoloba uvifera	species
taxon rank	Calochortus minimus is a California species of flowering plants in the lily family known by the common name Sierra mariposa lily.	Calochortus minimus	species
taxon rank	Anarsia molybdota is a species of moth of the Gelechiidae family.	Anarsia molybdota	species
taxon rank	Cyanea glabra is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name smooth cyanea.	Cyanea glabra	species
taxon rank	Eriophyes is a genus of acari.	Eriophyes	genus
taxon rank	Sorbus anglica, the English whitebeam, is a species of whitebeam tree in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus anglica	species
taxon rank	Hemicalypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the late Triassic period (approx. 221.4 to 205.6 Ma).	Hemicalypterus	genus
taxon rank	Physaria thamnophila (syn. Lesquerella thamnophila) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Zapata bladderpod.	Physaria thamnophila	species
taxon rank	Albizia is a genus of about 150 species of mostly fast-growing subtropical and tropical trees and shrubs in the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae.	Albizia	genus
taxon rank	Raoellidae, previously grouped within Helohyidae, is an extinct family of semiaquatic digitigrade artiodactyls in the clade Whippomorpha.	Raoellidae	family
taxon rank	Sagisma is a fossil genus of aquatic plants.	Sagisma	genus
taxon rank	Pappophorum is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to the Western Hemisphere.	Pappophorum	genus
taxon rank	The green fan-throated lizard (Ptyctolaemus gularis) is a species of agamid lizard found in Bangladesh, China (Tibet), India (Northeast- Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Khasi Hills, Mizoram) and Myanmar (Kachin, Chin), and possibly in Bhutan.	Ptyctolaemus gularis	species
taxon rank	Palaeolepidopterix is an extinct genus of small primitive metallic moths within the extant family Micropterigidae or extinct family Eolepidopterigidae, containing one species, Palaeolepidopterix aurea.	Palaeolepidopterix	species
taxon rank	Bambusa bambos, the Indian thorny bamboo, is a species of clumping bamboo native to southern Asia (India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Assam, and Indochina).	Bambusa bambos	species
taxon rank	Sphacelotheca reiliana, also known as Sporisorium reilianum, is a species of biotrophic fungus in the family Microbotryaceae.	Sphacelotheca reiliana	species
taxon rank	Bos planifrons (flat-fronted cattle) was a bovine species from the Siwaliks of India and Pakistan.	Bos planifrons	species
taxon rank	Schlumbergera truncata, the false Christmas cactus, is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family.	Schlumbergera truncata	species
taxon rank	Bauhinia forficata, commonly known as Brazilian orchid tree,Pata de Vaca, is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to Argentina, Brazil and Peru.	Bauhinia forficata	species
taxon rank	Aphonopelma eutylenum is a species of spider in the family Theraphosidae, found in United States (California).	Aphonopelma eutylenum	species
taxon rank	Paraspastis circographa is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Paraspastis genus.	Paraspastis	genus
taxon rank	Pervagor spilosoma is a species of filefish from reefs in the Hawaiian Islands.	Pervagor spilosoma	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa opaca is a ground spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.	Gnaphosa opaca	species
taxon rank	Plesiocystiscus gutta is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod in the family Marginellidae, sometimes instead placed in the eponymous family Cystiscidae.	Plesiocystiscus gutta	species
taxon rank	Chloromyia formosa is a species of 'Soldier Flies' belonging to the family Stratiomyidae.	Chloromyia formosa	species
taxon rank	Corynebacterium efficiens is a species of glutamic acid-producing (from dextrin) species from soil and vegetables.	Corynebacterium efficiens	species
taxon rank	Limopsis sulcata, common name the sulcate limopsis, is a species of very small clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Limopsidae.	Limopsis sulcata	species
taxon rank	Reseda minoica is a species of flowering plants of the genus Reseda found in the eastern Mediterranean region.	Reseda minoica	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes theuerkaufi is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in the tea estates of Kadalar near Munnar, Idukki district, in the Western Ghats of Kerala in India.	Raorchestes theuerkaufi	species
taxon rank	Lissotes latidens, commonly known as the Wielangta stag beetle or broad-toothed stag beetle, is a species of stag beetle which is only found in an area centred in Wielangta Forest in eastern Tasmania.	Lissotes latidens	species
taxon rank	Polistes humilis is a species of the Vespidae family that can be found throughout Australia and New Zealand.	Polistes humilis	species
taxon rank	Athrodon is a genus of extinct pycnodontid that lived in shallow seas in what is now England and France from the Late Jurassic until the genus' extinction during the start of the late Cretaceous.	Athrodon	genus
taxon rank	Mahonia repens commonly known as creeping mahonia, creeping Oregon grape, creeping barberry, or prostrate barberry, is a species of Mahonia native to the Rocky Mountains and westward areas of North America, from British Columbia and Alberta in the north through Arizona and New Mexico into northwest Mexico in the south.	Mahonia repens	species
taxon rank	Ginkgo dissecta is an extinct ginkgo species in the family Ginkgoaceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves.	Ginkgo dissecta	species
taxon rank	Mysticoncha harrisonae is a species of small sea snail that resembles a sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Velutinidae.	Mysticoncha harrisonae	species
taxon rank	Fallotaspis is a genus of redlichiid trilobite genus found in Early Cambrian-aged strata of the United States and Morocco.	Fallotaspis	genus
taxon rank	The Florida box turtle (Terrapene carolina bauri) is a subspecies of turtle belonging to the family Emydidae.	Florida box turtle	subspecies
taxon rank	Priotrochus kotschyi, common name the Kotschy's gibbula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Priotrochus kotschyi	species
taxon rank	Festuca armoricana, the Breton fescue, is a species of grass endemic to Europe.	Festuca armoricana	species
taxon rank	Lioptilodes altivolans is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Peru.	Lioptilodes altivolans	species
taxon rank	Prosictodon is an extinct genus of pylaecephalid dicynodont from Middle Permian of South Africa.	Prosictodon	genus
taxon rank	Borojevia aspina is a species of sponge in the genus Borojevia from Brazil.	Borojevia aspina	species
taxon rank	Pannoniasaurus is an extinct genus of tethysaurine mosasauroid known from the Late Cretaceous Csehbánya Formation (Santonian stage) of Hungary.	Pannoniasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hypanartia, commonly called mapwings, is a genus in the Nymphalidae family found from Mexico to South America.	Hypanartia	genus
taxon rank	Raillietina is a genus of tapeworms that includes helminth parasites of vertebrates, mostly of birds.	Raillietina	genus
taxon rank	Halicampus is a genus of pipefishes of the family Syngnathidae, containing 12 described species.	Halicampus	genus
taxon rank	Ficus neriifolia is a species of fig (Ficus).	Ficus neriifolia	species
taxon rank	Sonorella grahamensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Sonorella grahamensis	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum bellatulum, commonly known as the Egg-in-a-nest Orchid, is a species of orchid found from southeastern Yunnan, Guizhou and southern Guangxi of China to Indochina.	Paphiopedilum bellatulum	species
taxon rank	Euphlyctis is a genus of frogs in family Dicroglossidae found in southwestern, southern, and southeastern Asia.	Euphlyctis	genus
taxon rank	Root-knot nematodes are plant-parasitic nematodes from the genus Meloidogyne.	Root-knot nematode	genus
taxon rank	Galerida is a genus of birds in the family Alaudidae.	Galerida	genus
taxon rank	Anabarilius grahami is a species of cyprinid fish.	Anabarilius grahami	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus hydrocharoides is a species of buttercup known by the common names frogbit buttercup, or frog's-bit buttercup.	Ranunculus hydrocharoides	species
taxon rank	Ignavusaurus is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur that lived during the Early Jurassic in what is now present-day Lesotho.	Ignavusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ananteris balzani is a scorpion species found in Argentina, Paraguay and Brazil.	Ananteris balzani	species
taxon rank	Aspasma minima is a species of clingfish found in the Pacific Ocean near the shores of southern Japan.	Aspasma minima	species
taxon rank	Philodendron erubescens is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Colombia.	Philodendron erubescens	species
taxon rank	Harrisia scutellaris is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Harrisia of the family Tachinidae.	Harrisia scutellaris	species
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium elmeri is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name Elmer's blue-eyed grass.	Sisyrinchium elmeri	species
taxon rank	Synodontis rufigiensis is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Tanzania where it is found in the Rufiji River basin.	Synodontis rufigiensis	species
taxon rank	Mahonia annamica is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1908.	Mahonia annamica	species
taxon rank	Herichthys deppii, also known as the Nautla cichlid, is a species of cichlid native to the Nautla and Misantla rivers of Mexico.	Herichthys deppii	species
taxon rank	Atrosalarias is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the western Pacific Ocean and western Indian Ocean.	Atrosalarias	genus
taxon rank	Conozoa hyalina was a species of insect in family Acrididae.	Conozoa hyalina	species
taxon rank	Conus tulipacommon name the tulip cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus tulipa	species
taxon rank	Thelaziidae is a family of spirurian nematodes, which form the mid-sized lineage of the superfamily Thelazioidea.	Thelaziidae	family
taxon rank	Onohippidium (onos 'donkey' + hippidium 'small horse') is an extinct genus of horse that lived in the Americas during the Pleistocene.	Onohippidium	genus
taxon rank	Arctomecon californica is a species of poppy known by several common names, including California bearpoppy, Las Vegas bearpoppy, golden bearpoppy, and yellow-flowered desert poppy.	Arctomecon californica	species
taxon rank	Trochulus striolatus, previously known as Trichia striolata, common name the ``strawberry snail,'' is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.	Trochulus striolatus	species
taxon rank	Cheirodon galusdae is a species of fish in the Characidae family endemic to Chile.	Cheirodon galusdae	species
taxon rank	Ougapia spaldingi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Rhytididae.	Ougapia spaldingi	species
taxon rank	Phalacroma is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now the Czech Republic.	Phalacroma	genus
taxon rank	Dendya clathrata is a species of the genus Dendya.	Dendya clathrata	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys fulvescens, also known as the fulvous colilargo, fulvous pygmy rice rat, or northern pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys fulvescens	species
taxon rank	Mitra nubila, common name the particolored mitre, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.	Mitra nubila	species
taxon rank	Dusa is an extinct genus of prawn, in the order Decapoda, containing five species.	Dusa	genus
taxon rank	Raorchestes akroparallagi (sometimes known as the variable bush frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes akroparallagi	species
taxon rank	Sectoria is a small genus of stone loaches native to eastern Asia.	Sectoria	genus
taxon rank	The genus Zingiber is native to Southeast Asia, China, the Indian Subcontinent, and New Guinea.	Zingiber	genus
taxon rank	The Arctic redpoll (Acanthis hornemanni), known in North America as the hoary redpoll, is a bird species in the finch family Fringillidae.	Arctic redpoll	species
taxon rank	Orcuttia pilosa is a rare species of grass known by the common name hairy Orcutt grass.	Orcuttia pilosa	species
taxon rank	Gudusia is a clupeid fish genus involving two species of shad in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia:	Gudusia	genus
taxon rank	Rhipaeosaurus is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile known from the mid Middle Permian of European Russia.	Rhipaeosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Martialia hyadesii is a species of squid commonly known as the sevenstar flying squid.	Martialia hyadesii	species
taxon rank	Lepidium oxycarpum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names forked pepperweed and sharp-fruited pepperweed.	Lepidium oxycarpum	species
taxon rank	Tropidonophis doriae, commonly known as the barred keelback, is a species of snake belonging to the family Colubridae.	Tropidonophis doriae	species
taxon rank	Squamanita paradoxa, commonly known as powdercap strangler, is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family.	Squamanita paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Atheris mabuensis, or the Mount Mabu forest viper, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Atheris mabuensis	species
taxon rank	Cnemidophorus arubensis is a species of whiptail lizard in the genus Cnemidophorus.	Cnemidophorus arubensis	species
taxon rank	Metapone greeni is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae, which can be found from Sri Lanka.	Metapone greeni	species
taxon rank	Lottia gigantea, common name the owl limpet, giant owl limpet or solitary giant owl limpet, is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae.	Lottia gigantea	species
taxon rank	Chelmonops truncatus, the truncate coralfish or eastern talma, is a species of butterflyfish in the genus Chelmonops endemic to Australia.	Chelmonops truncatus	species
taxon rank	Sporobolus virginicus, known by numerous common names including seashore dropseed, marine couch, sand couch, salt couch grass, saltwater couch, coastal rat-tail grass, and nioaka, is a species of grass with a wide distribution.	Sporobolus virginicus	species
taxon rank	Eleginops maclovinus, the Patagonian blenny, Falkland's mullet or rock cod, is a species of notothenioid fish found in coastal and estuarine habitats around southernmost South America, ranging as far north as Valparaíso on the Pacific side, and Uruguay on the Atlantic side.	Eleginops maclovinus	species
taxon rank	Pyramidella adamsi, common name the Adams' pyram, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Pyramidella adamsi	species
taxon rank	Himalayan toad, Duttaphrynus himalayanus, is a species of toad that is widely distributed throughout the Himalayan mountains.	Duttaphrynus himalayanus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron austiniae is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name sagebrush fleabane.	Erigeron austiniae	species
taxon rank	Acropora aspera is a species of staghorn coral in the family Acroporidae.	Acropora aspera	species
taxon rank	The Trigonoceratidae is a family of coiled nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the period from the Early Carboniferous (Mississippian) to the Early Permian.	Trigonoceratidae	family
taxon rank	At present it contains the single species Quatsinoporites cranhamii.	Quatsinoporites	species
taxon rank	Luciellidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Luciellidae	family
taxon rank	In Mississippi, stands of Sarracenia alata rival in size those of any other Sarracenia species.	Sarracenia alata	species
taxon rank	Oregonia gracilis, commonly known as the graceful decorator crab, is a species of crab belonging to the family Oregoniidae.	Oregonia gracilis	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus pallidus (Spanish: Rana-chirriadora Pálida) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus pallidus	species
taxon rank	Tonestus lyallii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Lyall's goldenweed, Lyall's serpentweed and Lyall's tonestus.	Tonestus lyallii	species
taxon rank	Hoehnea is a genus of plants in the family Lamiaceae, first described with this name in 1939.	Hoehnea	genus
taxon rank	Omobranchus ferox, the gossamer blenny or the fang-toothed blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found brackish waters in Africa and Asia.	Omobranchus ferox	species
taxon rank	Laccospadix is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm endemic to Queensland.	Laccospadix	genus
taxon rank	Eodiscina is a suborder of trilobites, a well known group of marine arthropods.	Eodiscina	suborder
taxon rank	Penstemon tenuiflorus, commonly known as eastern whiteflower beardtongue, is a species of flowering plant in the veronica family.	Penstemon tenuiflorus	species
taxon rank	Euhomalocera is a genus of moth in the family Schreckensteiniidae.	Euhomalocera	genus
taxon rank	The Redwing genus Pterolobium (from Gr. Pteron, wing and lobos, pod or capsule, alluding to the winged fruit) consists of some 11 species of perennial flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Pterolobium	genus
taxon rank	Junodia vansomereni is a species of praying mantis found Uganda.	Junodia vansomereni	species
taxon rank	Astragalus leucolobus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Bear Valley milkvetch and Bear Valley woollypod.	Astragalus leucolobus	species
taxon rank	gram positive,rod/cocci,oxidase negative, catalase positive A 2015 study showed that Rhodococcus rhodochrous could inhibit the growth of Pseudogymnoascus destructans, the fungal species responsible for White Nose Syndrome in bats.	Rhodococcus rhodochrous	species
taxon rank	Pinus taiwanensis, the Taiwan red pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus taiwanensis	species
taxon rank	Hygrophorus hypothejus, commonly known as herald of the winter, is an edible species of fungus in the genus Hygrophorus native to Europe and North America.	Hygrophorus hypothejus	species
taxon rank	Erythronium purpurascens is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common names purple fawn lily and Sierra Nevada fawn lily.	Erythronium purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Endoclita signifer is a species of moth of the Hepialidae family.	Endoclita signifer	species
taxon rank	Wrightia tinctoria, Pala indigo plant or dyers's oleander, is a flowering plant species in the genus Wrightia found in India.	Wrightia tinctoria	species
taxon rank	Cochlostoma salomoni is an extinct species of land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlostomatidae.	Cochlostoma salomoni	species
taxon rank	Lentibulariaceae, the bladderwort family, is a family of carnivorous plants containing three genera:	Lentibulariaceae	family
taxon rank	Afipia felis is the type species of the Afipia bacterial genus.	Afipia felis	species
taxon rank	Oceanobacillus iheyensis is a bacterium, the type species of its genus.	Oceanobacillus iheyensis	species
taxon rank	Mimulus mohavensis is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Mojave monkeyflower.	Mimulus mohavensis	species
taxon rank	Physignathus is a genus of large, diurnal, arboreal, agamid lizards, commonly known as water dragons.	Physignathus	genus
taxon rank	The Juan Fernández petrel (Pterodroma externa) is a species of seabird in the Procellariidae family.	Juan Fernández petrel	species
taxon rank	Jasminanthes is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1850.	Jasminanthes	genus
taxon rank	Alisma orientale is a flowering plant species in the genus Alisma found in Asia.	Alisma orientale	species
taxon rank	Chromodoris africana, or four-coloured nudibranch, is a species of colourful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Chromodoris africana	species
taxon rank	Cnemaspis pava is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Cnemaspis pava	species
taxon rank	Heterosteidae is an extinct family of moderately large to giant, flattened, benthic arthrodire placoderms with distinctive, flattened, triangular skulls that are extremely broad posteriorly, but become very narrow anteriorly.	Heterosteidae	family
taxon rank	Tornidae is a family of very small and minute sea snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Tornidae	family
taxon rank	Orchis simia, commonly known as the monkey orchid, is a greyish pink to reddish species of the Orchis genus.	Orchis simia	species
taxon rank	Paracercion is a small genus of damselflies in the family Coenagrionidae.They are commonly known as Lilysquatters.	Paracercion	genus
taxon rank	Masdevallia angulifera is a species of orchid endemic to the Western Cordillera and the Central Cordillera of Colombia in northern South America.	Masdevallia angulifera	species
taxon rank	Trichiotinus piger, the hairy flower chafer or bee-like flower scarab, is a species of beetle.	Trichiotinus piger	species
taxon rank	Myrmecina wesselensis is a species of ant discovered and described by Shattuck, S. O. in 2009.	Myrmecina wesselensis	species
taxon rank	Nothojafnea is a genus of two species of cup fungi.	Nothojafnea	genus
taxon rank	Stefania ackawaio is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania ackawaio	species
taxon rank	Prunus ursina (bear's plum, خوخ الدب ) is a species of prunus native to the woods of Western Asia from Turkey to Syria and Lebanon.	Prunus ursina	species
taxon rank	The tribe Neotragini comprises the dwarf antelopes of Africa:	Neotragini	tribe
taxon rank	The root mouthed jellyfish, Eupilema inexpectata, is a species of cnidarian, a jellyfish in the small family Rhizostomatidae.	Eupilema inexpectata	species
taxon rank	Chonecetus is an extinct genus of primitive baleen whale of the family Aetiocetidae that lived in the Oligocene period.	Chonecetus	genus
taxon rank	Trichospira is a genus of flowering plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family.	Trichospira	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtandra subumbellata is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name parasol cyrtandra.	Cyrtandra subumbellata	species
taxon rank	Penstemon bicolor is a species of penstemon known by the common name pinto beardtongue.	Penstemon bicolor	species
taxon rank	Coregonus artedi, commonly known as the cisco, is a North American species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae.	Coregonus artedi	species
taxon rank	The Conopidae, usually known as the thick-headed flies, are a family of flies within the Brachycera suborder of Diptera.	Conopidae	family
taxon rank	Hauffiopteryx is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur known from Germany, Luxembourg and Somerset of the United Kingdom.	Hauffiopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Scolopendra viridicornis is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that can be found on Indo-Burma border where its venom is used for medicine.	Scolopendra viridicornis	species
taxon rank	Neritina zebra, commonly known as the zebra nerite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Neritina zebra	species
taxon rank	Miltonia spectabilis, the Outstanding Miltonia, is a species of orchid occurring in extreme eastern Brazil and has been erroneously reported to occur in Venezuela.	Miltonia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	The northern sea nettle (Chrysaora melanaster), also called a brown jellyfish, is a species of jellyfish native to the northern Pacific Ocean and adjacent parts of the Arctic Ocean.	Chrysaora melanaster	species
taxon rank	Amphorateuthis alveatus is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indian Ocean.	Amphorateuthis alveatus	species
taxon rank	Clausena smyrelliana, commonly known as Smyrell's clausena or Gregs wampi, is a species of evergreen shrub to 6 m tall, in the family Rutaceae, native to eastern Australia.	Clausena smyrelliana	species
taxon rank	The Pasteurellaceae comprise a large family of Gram-negative bacteria.	Pasteurellaceae	family
taxon rank	Hakea lorea, commonly known as bootlace oak or cork tree, is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Proteaceae found in central and northern Australia.	Hakea lorea	species
taxon rank	Ribes lasianthum is a species of currant known by the common names alpine gooseberry and woolly-flowered gooseberry.	Ribes lasianthum	species
taxon rank	Archeosolenocera straeleni is an extinct species of prawn, the only species in the genus Archeosolenocera.	Archeosolenocera	genus
taxon rank	It was described by Evitt and Tripp in 1977, and the type species is Celtencrinurus multisegmentatus, which was originally described under the genus Amphion by Portlock in 1843.	Celtencrinurus	genus
taxon rank	Roimontis tolotomensis is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae.	Roimontis tolotomensis	species
taxon rank	Pipiza lugubris is a species of hoverfly, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Pipiza lugubris	species
taxon rank	Crangonyctidae is a family of cave-dwelling freshwater amphipod crustaceans.	Crangonyctidae	family
taxon rank	Protocaris marshi is an extinct Cambrian arthropod that resembles branchiopod notostracan crustaceans of the genus Triops.	Protocaris	genus
taxon rank	Abrothrix sanborni, also known as Sanborn's grass mouse or Sanborn's akodont, is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae.	Abrothrix sanborni	species
taxon rank	Mycena cinerella, commonly known as the mealy bonnet, is an inedible species of mushroom in the family Mycenaceae.	Mycena cinerella	species
taxon rank	Echinometra mathaei, the burrowing urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae.	Echinometra mathaei	species
taxon rank	Vincent's bush squirrel (Paraxerus vincenti) is a species of rodents in the family Sciuridae, named in honour of Jack Vincent.	Vincent's bush squirrel	species
taxon rank	Acer ashwilli is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a group of fossil leaves and samaras.	Acer ashwilli	species
taxon rank	Epocilla aurantiaca is a species of jumping spider found from India to Malaysia.	Epocilla aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Smilosicyopus is a genus of gobies native to Asia and Oceania.	Smilosicyopus	genus
taxon rank	Taeniolabis (``Ribbon Lips'') is a genus of extinct multituberculate mammal from the Paleocene of North America.	Taeniolabis	genus
taxon rank	Sesleria insularis is a species of perennial grass in the Poaceae family, with culms 30--65 cm long.	Sesleria insularis	species
taxon rank	Emiliania huxleyi, often abbreviated ``EHUX'', is a species of coccolithophore with a global distribution from the tropics to subarctic waters.	Emiliania huxleyi	species
taxon rank	Spiriferida is an order of extinct articulate brachiopod fossils which are known for their long hinge-line, which is often the widest part of the shell.	Spiriferida	order
taxon rank	Borhyaena is an extinct genus of South American metatherian, living between 20 and 15 million years ago.	Borhyaena	genus
taxon rank	Paradinandra suecica is a species of fossil plant from the Cretaceous of Sweden.	Paradinandra	species
taxon rank	Phanerostylis is a genus of Mexican plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Phanerostylis	genus
taxon rank	Hyperolius bolifambae (commonly known as Bolifamba reed frog') is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Hyperolius bolifambae	species
taxon rank	Limicolaria aurora is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.	Limicolaria aurora	species
taxon rank	Marsdenia elliptica (jungle netvine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae.	Marsdenia elliptica	species
taxon rank	Tomzanonia is a genus of orchids, (family Orchidaceae), consisting of a single species, Tomzanonia filicina endemic to the Massif de la Hotte in Haiti.	Tomzanonia	genus
taxon rank	Magnoliopsida is a valid botanical name for a class of flowering plants.	Magnoliopsida	class
taxon rank	Microhyla fusca (common names: brown rice frog or Dalat pigmy frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Microhyla fusca	species
taxon rank	Achiroides is a genus of small freshwater soles native to Southeast Asia.	Achiroides	genus
taxon rank	Ballota (horehound) is a genus of flowering evergreen perennial plants and subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae.	Ballota	genus
taxon rank	California roaches seem to be a resilient species that takes advantage of the intermittent waters of central California under conditions too difficult for other fishes.	California roach	species
taxon rank	Perrierbambus is a genus of Madagascan bamboo in the grass family.	Perrierbambus	genus
taxon rank	Anchorius lineatus is a species of beetle in the family Biphyllidae, the only species in the genus Anchorius.	Anchorius	species
taxon rank	Zupaysaurus (/ˌzuːpeɪˈsɔrəs/; ``ZOO-pay-SAWR-us'') is a genus of early theropod dinosaur living during the Rhaetian stage of the Late Triassic to Hettangian stage of the Early Jurassic of what is now Argentina.	Zupaysaurus	genus
taxon rank	Leptospira (Greek leptos, ``fine, thin'' and Latin spira, ``coil'') is a genus of spirochaete bacteria, including a small number of pathogenic and saprophytic species.	Leptospira	genus
taxon rank	Inula britannica, the British yellowhead or meadow fleabane, is a Eurasian species of plants in the genus Inula within the daisy family.	Inula britannica	species
taxon rank	Gastrocopta is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae, the vertigo snails.	Gastrocopta	genus
taxon rank	Rafflesia bengkuluensis is a relatively new parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia.	Rafflesia bengkuluensis	species
taxon rank	Cautethia simitia is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae.	Cautethia simitia	species
taxon rank	Pellia is a small but widespread genus of liverworts in the cool and temperate regions of the northern hemisphere.	Pellia	genus
taxon rank	Curetis siva, the Shiva's sunbeam, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.	Curetis siva	species
taxon rank	Armeria maritima, commonly known as thrift, sea thrift or sea pink, is a species of flowering plant.	Armeria maritima	species
taxon rank	Phragmoteuthis is a genus of coleoid cephalopod known from the late Triassic to the lower Jurassic.	Phragmoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Bombus dahlbomii is a species of bumblebee endemic to southern South American temperate forests.	Bombus dahlbomii	species
taxon rank	Myrmexocentroides enganensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Myrmexocentroides.	Myrmexocentroides enganensis	species
taxon rank	Sorbus decipiens, the sharp-toothed whitebeam, is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus decipiens	species
taxon rank	Jumellea is an orchid genus with around 40 species native to Madagascar, the Comoros, the Mascarenes, and eastern Africa.	Jumellea	genus
taxon rank	Calthalotia strigata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Calthalotia strigata	species
taxon rank	Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus is one of the 30 + Hydractinia species known worldwide.	Hydractinia symbiolongicarpus	species
taxon rank	Formicoxenus nitidulus, or the shining guest ant, is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Formicoxenus nitidulus	species
taxon rank	Depressizona axiosculpta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Depressizonidae.	Depressizona axiosculpta	species
taxon rank	Salix commutata, the undergreen willow, is a plant species native to western Canada and the northwestern United States.	Salix commutata	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocinus laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracanthocinus.	Paracanthocinus laosensis	species
taxon rank	Climacteris is a genus of bird in the Climacteridae family.	Climacteris	genus
taxon rank	Allium caespitosum is a plant species native to Xinjiang and Kazakhstan in Central Asia.	Allium caespitosum	species
taxon rank	Calochortus raichei is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Cedars fairy-lantern, or Cedars mariposa lily.	Calochortus raichei	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Halurgia aurorina.	Halurgia	species
taxon rank	Rhynchalastor is a moderately large afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 25 species currently known.	Rhynchalastor	genus
taxon rank	Pelecinus polyturator is a large (up to 7 cm) glossy black wasp, the most common and familiar species in the family Pelecinidae.	Pelecinus polyturator	species
taxon rank	Micranthes nivalis is a species of saxifrage.	Micranthes nivalis	species
taxon rank	Paratropis tuxtlensis is a species of spider in the family Paratropididae (baldlegged spiders).	Paratropis tuxtlensis	species
taxon rank	Dicranopalpus is a genus of harvestmen with twelve known recent species.	Dicranopalpus	genus
taxon rank	Copa flavoplumosa is a species of corinnid sac spider from Africa.	Copa flavoplumosa	species
taxon rank	Madagasikara johnsoni is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Pachychilidae.	Madagasikara johnsoni	species
taxon rank	Chlorissa viridata, the small grass emerald, is a species of moth of the Geometridae family.	Chlorissa viridata	species
taxon rank	Leibnitzia lyrata, common name Seemann's sunbonnet, is a plant species widespread across much of Mexico and also found in the US states of Arizona and New Mexico.	Leibnitzia lyrata	species
taxon rank	Cantharellus guyanensis is a tropical South American species of mushroom-forming fungus in the chanterelle genus (Cantharellus), first described by Camille Montagne from French Guiana in 1854.	Cantharellus guyanensis	species
taxon rank	Chione is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Chione venosa.	Chione venosa	species
taxon rank	Chironomus riparius, also known as Chironomus thummi and commonly known as the harlequin fly, is a species of non-biting midge.	Chironomus riparius	species
taxon rank	Procambarus barbiger, known as the Jackson prairie crayfish, is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus barbiger	species
taxon rank	Juncus nevadensis is a species of rush known by the common name Sierra rush.	Juncus nevadensis	species
taxon rank	Tyzzeria is a genus of parasitic protozoa that with one exception (Tyzzeria boae) infect the cells of the small intestine.	Tyzzeria	genus
taxon rank	Acronacantha nubilipennis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Acronacantha of the family Tachinidae.	Acronacantha nubilipennis	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia dentata is a species of spurge known by the common names toothed spurge and green poinsettia.	Euphorbia dentata	species
taxon rank	Bapara paynei is a species of snout moth in the genus Bapara.	Bapara paynei	species
taxon rank	Bischofia javanica (Bishop wood) is a plant species of the family Phyllanthaceae.	Bischofia javanica	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea tuberculata is a flowering plant species in the bindweed family (Convolvulaceae).	Ipomoea tuberculata	species
taxon rank	Otarocyon (``large eared dog'') is an extinct genus of the family Borophaginae (``bone-crushing dog'').	Otarocyon	genus
