Cadenus and Vanessa is a poem by Jonathan Swift about one of his lovers , Esther Vanhomrigh ( Vanessa ) , written in 1712 and published as a book in 1726 , three years after the death of Vanhomrigh .
Cannibalism in the Cars is a short story written in 1868 by American writer Mark Twain .
At the Crossing Places is the second book in the Arthur trilogy by Kevin Crossley - Holland .
The Historian is the 2005 debut novel of American author Elizabeth Kostova .
Beyond Civilization ( subtitled Humanity 's Next Great Adventure ) is a book by Daniel Quinn written as a non - fiction follow - up to his acclaimed Ishmael trilogy--
The Image of Irelande , with a Discoverie of Woodkarne is a 1581 book by John Derricke .
Isle of Canes ( ISBN 1 - 59331 - 306 - 3 ) , a novel by Elizabeth Shown Mills , follows an African family from its importation and enslavement in 1735 through four generations of freedom in Creole Louisiana to its re - subjugation by Jim Crow at the close of the nineteenth century .
The First Immortal ( 1998 ) is a novel by James L. Halperin about life of a man born in 1925 who dies in 1988 and is re - animated after a cryonics procedure .
Year 's Best SF 8 ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 106453-X ) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2003 .
The Light Fantastic is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett , the second of the Discworld series .
The passer - through - walls ( French : Le Passe - muraille ) , translated as The Man Who Walked through Walls , The Walker - through - Walls or The Man who Could Walk through Walls , is a short story published by Marcel Aymé in 1943 .
No Other Life is a novel by Northern Irish - Canadian writer Brian Moore , published in 1993 .
The Generation of Animals ( or On the Generation of Animals ; Greek Περὶ ζῴων γενέσεως ; Latin De Generatione Animalium ) is a text by Aristotle .
The Astounding , the Amazing , and the Unknown is an alternate historical adventure novel written by Paul Malmont , the second book in a series featuring real - life pulp magazine authors of the past as the heroes of adventures reminiscent of their favored genres .
Meyebela , My Bengali Girlhood is a 1998 autobiographical book by Bangladeshi doctor , turned feminist writer Taslima Nasrin .
Study War No More is a science fiction anthology edited by science fiction author and Vietnam War veteran Joe Haldeman .
Mémoires ( Memories ) is an artist 's book made by the Danish artist Asger Jorn in collaboration with the French artist and theorist Guy Debord .
The Tango Singer is a novel by Tomás Eloy Martínez , translated to English by Anne McLean .
Sing to the Dawn is a story by the American author Minfong Ho , which was originally published as a short story and was awarded first prize by the Council of Interracial Books for Children in New York in 1975 .
The Pax Britannica Trilogy comprises three books of history written by Jan Morris , formerly James Morris .
`` The Liberation of Earth '' is a science fiction short story by William Tenn , written in 1950 , first published in 1953 , and reprinted over a dozen times in various anthologies and in 1955 in the William Tenn collection Of all Possible Worlds .
Discworld is a comic fantasy book series written by the English author Terry Pratchett ( 1948 - -2015 ) , set on the fictional Discworld , a flat disc balanced on the backs of four elephants which in turn stand on the back of a giant turtle , Great A'Tuin .
The Suffrage of Elvira is a comic novel by V. S. Naipaul set in colonial Trinidad .
She Has a Name is a play about human trafficking written by Andrew Kooman in 2009 as a single act and expanded to full length in 2010 .
Yoko Tsuno is a comics album series created by the Belgian writer Roger Leloup published by Dupuis in Spirou magazine since its debut in 1970 .
Beyond the Mexique Bay is a travel book by Aldous Huxley , first published in 1934 .
Mostly Harmless is a novel by Douglas Adams and the fifth book in the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy series .
The History of the Lombards or the History of the Langobards ( Latin : Historia Langobardorum ) is the chief work by Paul the Deacon , written in the late 8th century .
Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference is a non - fiction book about information technology law , written by Michael Dennis Scott .
Jeevanko Chheubaata ( Nepali : जीवनको छेउबाट ) is the second collection of poetry in Nepali by internationally recognized and award - winning Nepali poet Suman Pokhrel , published by Vaani Publication , Nepal in December 2009 .
Between Mom and Jo is an American young adult novel by Julie Anne Peters , published in 2006 .
`` Byomjatrir Diary '' ( Bengali : ব্যোমযাত্রীর ডায়রি , The Spaceman 's Diary ) was the first story of Professor Shanku series by Indian writer Satyajit Ray .
`` The Tractate Middoth '' is a short ghost story by British author M. R. James .
The House on the Borderland and Other Novels is a collection of short novels by author William Hope Hodgson .
Artifact of Evil is a fantasy novel by Gary Gygax , set in the world of Greyhawk , which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role - playing game .
Cart and Cwidder is a fantasy novel for young adults by the British author Diana Wynne Jones .
Against Eratosthenes is a speech by Lysias , one of the ten Attic orators .
A Scrap of Time and Other Stories , written by Ida Fink , is a collection of fictional short stories relating various characters to the Jewish experience of the Holocaust .
Pelléas and Mélisande ( French : Pelléas et Mélisande ) is a Symbolist play by Maurice Maeterlinck about the forbidden , doomed love of the title characters .
Our Exploits At West Poley is short story by Thomas Hardy which he wrote in 1892 - -3 , subtitled `` a story for boys '' .
The Freebooter of the Baltic ( Swedish : Fribytaren på Östersjön , 1857 ) is an early novel by the Swedish romantic novelist Viktor Rydberg .
Monster Manual III was published in 2004 , and was designed by Rich Burlew , Eric Cagle , Jesse Decker , Andrew J. Finch , Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel , Rich Redman , Matthew Sernett , Chris Thomasson , and P. Nathan Toomey .
The Long Secret is a children 's novel written and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh that was released by Harper & Row on October 27 , 1965 .
The Mughal Harem is a book by historian K. S. Lal published in 1988 .
In the Tall Grass is a novella written by Stephen King and his son Joe Hill .
`` N'avoue jamais '' ( `` Never admit '' ) was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965 , performed in French by Guy Mardel .
The Merry Wives of Windsor is a comedy by William Shakespeare , first published in 1602 , though believed to have been written prior to 1597 .
Combat avec l'ange ( Struggle with the Angel ) is a novel by French playwright and novelist Jean Giraudoux and published by éditions Grasset in 1934 .
Borstal Boy is a 1958 autobiographical book by Brendan Behan .
I Am Not Sidney Poitier is a 2009 novel written by Percival Everett .
Warrior Scarlet ( 1958 ) is a historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff .
Preserve and Protect is a 1968 political novel written by Allen Drury .
Why I Am Not a Christian is an essay by the British philosopher Bertrand Russell .
Hermeneutic Communism : from Heidegger to Marx is a 2011 book of political philosophy by Gianni Vattimo and Santiago Zabala .
Bones of Faerie is a young adult fantasy novel by Janni Lee Simner , first published in 2009 .
The Daughter of Time is a 1951 detective novel by Josephine Tey , concerning a modern police officer 's investigation into the alleged crimes of King Richard III of England .
Les Cités obscures ( literally The Obscure Cities , but initially published in English as Cities of the Fantastic ) is a graphic novel series set on a Counter - Earth , started by the Belgian comics artist François Schuiten and his friend , writer Benoît Peeters in the early 1980s .
My Utmost for His Highest is a daily devotional by Oswald Chambers ( 1874 - 1917 ) that compiles his Christian preaching to students and soldiers .
Barbarian Odes ( Italian : Odi barbare ) is a collection of three books of poetry by Giosuè Carducci , published between 1877 and 1889 .
`` The Heart of a Broken Story '' is a short story by J. D. Salinger , published in the September 1941 issue of Esquire .
When the Devil Dances is the third book in John Ringo 's Legacy of the Aldenata series .
You Shall Know Our Velocity ! is a 2002 novel by Dave Eggers .
Yellow Back Radio Broke - Down , by the African - American writer Ishmael Reed , is a satirical take on the traditional Western .
Pale Horse Coming ( ISBN 0 - 684 - 86361 - 8 ) is a novel by Stephen Hunter published in 2001 .
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew is a 1965 children 's book by Dr. Seuss .
The Widows of Eastwick is the final novel by John Updike , author of the Pulitzer - prize winning `` Rabbit '' series .
The Sky People is an alternate history science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling .
Damini Bhir ( also spelled Damini Bheer or दमिनी भीर ) is a Nepali novel by Rajan Mukarung which won the Madan Puraskar for 2012 .
The Stupids are a fictional family which appear in a series of children 's books written by Harry Allard and James Marshall .
Abhorsen is a fantasy novel by Australian writer Garth Nix , first published in 2003 .
The Butterfly that Stamped is part of a series of books known as Just So Stories by Rudyard Kipling .
The Best Halloween Ever ! is a book by Barbara Robinson .
Cicero 's Divinatio in Caecilium is his oration against Quintus Caecilius in the process for selecting a prosecutor of Gaius Verres ( 70 BCE ) .
Aunt Jane 's Nieces at Millville is a 1908 young - adult novel written by L. Frank Baum , famous as the creator of the Land of Oz . It is the third volume in `` the successful Aunt Jane Series , '' following Aunt Jane 's Nieces and Aunt Jane 's Nieces Abroad .
Haunted Mesa is a science fiction novel by Louis L'Amour , set in the American Southwest amidst the ruins of the Anasazi .
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures is a fantasy novel , written and comically illustrated by German author Walter Moers .
Princeps ' Fury is a 2008 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher .
Of Time and the River ( subtitled A Legend of Man 's Hunger in his Youth ) is a 1935 novel by American novelist Thomas Wolfe .
A Talent for War is a science fiction and mystery novel by Jack McDevitt , the story of a search by Alex Benedict , the protagonist , to discover the nature of a mysterious project Alex 's uncle had been working on at the time of his death .
The Other Boleyn Girl ( 2001 ) is a historical novel written by British author Philippa Gregory , loosely based on the life of 15th - century aristocrat Mary Boleyn , the sister of Anne Boleyn , of whom little is known .
Trading Secrets ( French : Confidence pour confidence ) is a 1998 novel by the French writer Paule Constant .
The Mirror and the Light is an upcoming historical novel by Hilary Mantel , the final part of a planned trilogy charting the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell , the powerful minister in the court of King Henry VIII .
Historia de la eternidad ( in English : A History of Eternity ) is the first essay book published by Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges , in 1936 ( editio princeps ) .
Dune Messiah is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert , the second in his Dune series of six novels .
Autumn Visits is a science fiction novel by Sergey Lukyanenko , published in 1997 in book form .
Ten Thousand a - Year is a novel written by English barrister Samuel Warren .
The Man Who Turned Into A Stick(棒になった男 -- Bō ni natta otoko ) is a one - act play written in 1957 by Kōbō Abe .
The Silent Traveller in London is a 1938 book by the Chinese author Chiang Yee .
Leather - Nose ( French : Nez - de - Cuir ) is a 1936 novel by the French writer Jean de La Varende , about Achille Perrier de La Genevraye , an officer during the Napoleonic Wars and the author 's grand uncle .
Old Man 's War is a military science fiction and debut novel by John Scalzi published in 2005 .
The Astronauts ( in Polish Astronauci ) is the first science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem published as a book , in 1951 .
Mythago Wood is a fantasy novel written by Robert Holdstock that was published in the United Kingdom in 1984 .
The Lords of Strategy is a book by Walter Kiechel III , a business journalist , former Editorial Director of the Harvard Business Review and former Managing Editor of Fortune magazine , which presents the analysis of strategy evolution since the 1960s .
`` The Doctor 's Case '' is a short story by American author Stephen King , originally published in The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes , a 1987 centennial collection , and reprinted in his collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes .
The War in Eastern Europe is a book that describes John Reed 's second trip after the first World War broke out .
Men of Iron is an 1891 novel by the American author Howard Pyle , who also illustrated it .
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is a religious book written by Bobby Henderson that embodies the main beliefs of the religion the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster or Pastafarianism .
Girl Got Game , originally published in Japan as Power ! ! , is a manga series written and illustrated by Shizuru Seino .
`` Big Game Hunt '' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke , first published in 1956 .
`` Ulalume '' is a poem written by Edgar Allan Poe in 1847 .
Trigger Mortis is a 2015 James Bond novel written by Anthony Horowitz , and the latest Bond novel to be commissioned by the estate of Bond 's creator Ian Fleming , which was published on 8 September 2015 .
Atomic Lobster is the tenth novel by Tim Dorsey .
The Dangerous Journey ( Orig . Swedish Den farliga resan ) is a children 's picture book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson .
No More Dead Dogs is a novel by Gordon Korman published in 2002 .
A Mind at Peace ( Archipelago Books , 2008 and 2011 ; English translation by Erdağ Göknar of Huzur , 1949 ) is an iconic Turkish novel by Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar ( 1901 - -62 ) , one of the pioneers of literary modernism in Turkey .
`` The Shadow of the Vulture '' is a short story by American writer Robert E. Howard , first published in The Magic Carpet Magazine , January 1934 .
A Natural History of the Senses is a 1990 non - fiction book by American author , poet , and naturalist Diane Ackerman .
On Liberty is a philosophical work by English philosopher John Stuart Mill , originally intended as a short essay .
Dogsong is a 1985 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen and is a Newbery Honor Book winner .
The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach ( 1807 - -1742 ) ? is a book by Prof . Peter Schickele chronicling the life of fictitious composer P. D. Q. Bach .
American Conspiracies is a book written by former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura , together with Dick Russell .
The Bad Girl , originally published in 2006 in Spanish as Travesuras de la niña mala , is a novel by Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa , who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010 .
Do n't Look Behind You is a 1990 young adult thriller novel by Lois Duncan .
The Legend of the Holy Drinker ( German : Die Legende vom heiligen Trinker ) is a 1939 novella by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth , published posthumously by Allert de Lange Verlag in Amsterdam .
Dark Visions is a 1989 horror fiction compilation , with three short stories by Stephen King , three by Dan Simmons , and one by George R. R. Martin .
`` The Village Blacksmith '' is a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , first published in 1840 .
The Bagford Ballads were English ballads collected by John Bagford ( 1651 - 1716 ) for Robert Harley , first Earl of Oxford .
The Silver Cloud Café ( 1996 ) is the second novel by Alfredo Véa , Jr ..
National Velvet is a novel by Enid Bagnold ( 1889 - -1981 ) , first published in 1935 .
Le Paysan de Paris is a surrealist book about places in Paris by Louis Aragon which was first published in 1926 by Editions Gallimard .
By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept is a novel of prose poetry written by the Canadian author Elizabeth Smart ( 1913 - -1986 ) and published in 1945 .
Dread Jesus , published in 1999 , is a book written by William David Spencer about the Rastafari movement .
Dangerous Angels is a young adult fiction series by Francesca Lia Block .
Cynegeticus ( Greek : Κυνηγετικός , Kynegetikos `` related to hunting '' from κυνηγέω `` I hunt '' ) , is a treatise by the ancient Greek philosopher and military leader Xenophon , usually translated as `` On Hunting '' or `` Hunting with Dogs . ''
Faro 's Daughter is a Georgian romance novel by Georgette Heyer which was first published in 1941 .
`` Hell - Fire '' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov , originally published in the May 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough .
A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome is a reference work written by Samuel Ball Platner and completed by Thomas Ashby after Platner 's death that was published in 1929 by Oxford University Press .
Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina ( in Spanish , History of Belgrano and of the Independence of Argentina ) is an Argentine history book written by Bartolomé Mitre .
The Days of the Commune is a play by the twentieth - century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht .
Pontypool Changes Everything is a novel by Tony Burgess , first published in 1995 .
Honeymoon in Hell is a science fiction short story by Fredric Brown , first published in 1950 .
The Dictionnaire des ouvrages anonymes et pseudonymes is a four volume ( 1806 - -1809 ) dictionary by Antoine Alexandre Barbier listing pen names for French and Latin authors .
Amaze Your Friends is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award - winning novel by Australian author Peter Doyle .
Jeremy Thatcher , Dragon Hatcher is a novel by Bruce Coville and is part of the Magic Shop Books .
Twentieth Century Eightball is a book collection of comics by Daniel Clowes published by Fantagraphics Books in 2002 .
Just David is a 1916 children 's novel by Eleanor H. Porter .
Mexico City Blues is a poem published by Jack Kerouac in 1959 composed of 242 `` choruses '' or stanzas .
The Rowan ( 1990 ) is the first book in `` The Tower and the Hive '' series ( also known as `` The Rowan '' series ) by Anne McCaffrey .
The Hipster Handbook ( 2003 ) is a satirical guide to hipster culture by Williamsburg , Brooklyn author Robert Lanham .
Lucien Leuwen is the second major novel written by French author Stendhal in 1834 , following The Red and the Black ( 1830 ) .
The scene of Gump running across the country is often referred to when real - life people attempt the feat . In 2011 , the Library of Congress selected Forrest Gump for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Ildikó Mádl ( born 5 November 1969 in Tapolca ) is a Hungarian chess player who holds the FIDE titles of Internationl Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
G. A. Kulkarni or simply `` GA '' ( 10 July 1923 - 11 December 1987 ) ( Marathi : जी. ए. कुलकर्णी , `` जीए '' ) , was a legendary Sahitya Akademi Award winner Marathi writer of short stories .
In the 1979 New Year 's Honours , Jill Perryman was named a Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) .
Thomas Robert Bugeaud , marquis de la Piconnerie , duc d'Isly ( 15 October 1784 -- 10 June 1849 ) was a Marshal of France and Governor - General of Algeria .
Jeremy Silman ( born August 28 , 1954 ) is an American International Master of chess .
Hans - Jürgen Schreiber ( 10 May 1916 -- 28 August 1981 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Rohini Khadilkar ( Marathi : रोहिणी खाडिलकर ; born 1 April 1963 in Mumbai ) is a chess player holding the title of Woman International Master ( WIM ) .
Petras Dirgėla ( born February 21 , 1947 , Klaipeda District , Lithuania- died March 29 , 2015 , Vilnius , Lithuania ) was a Lithuanian writer , a 2003 recipient of the Lithuanian National Prize .
In 1992 , the Library of Congress selected City Lights for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Stuart S. Stryker ( October 30 , 1924 -- March 24 , 1945 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions in World War II .
The Temptations were the first Motown recording act to win a Grammy Award - for `` Cloud Nine '' in 1969 - and in 2013 received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .
In 2008 , No Lies ... was selected for inclusion by the United States Library of Congress to its National Film Registry , being deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . ''
In 2005 , Gidleigh Park gained its second Michelin star .
Michael J. Perkins ( 1899 -- October 28 , 1918 ) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during World War I.
Skipper Thomas Crisp VC , DSC , RNR ( 28 April 1876 -- 15 August 1917 ) was an English posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross .
Tofig Huseynov ( Tofiq Hüseynov ) is National Hero of Azerbaijan , Khojali battalion commander , victim of Khojaly Massacre .
Jean Calvignac is an IBM Fellow and was responsible for the architecture of IBM network processors .
Due to this , B92 won the MTV Free Your Mind award in 1998 , and many other awards for journalism and fighting for human rights .
Duo Duo was awarded the 2010 Neustadt International Prize for Literature .
Friedrich Böhme ( 8 May 1899 -- 6 December 1989 ) was a highly decorated Kapitän zur See ( naval captain ) in the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Lana Obad ( born May 20 , 1988 ) is a student at Faculty of Economics and Business at University of Zagreb who was crowned Miss Universe Croatia 2010 .
After his debut album Infinite ( 1996 ) , Eminem achieved mainstream popularity in 1999 with his The Slim Shady LP , which earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album .
Nathalie Collin was awarded the `` Chevalier de l'ordre national du Mérite '' ( Knight of the National Order of Merit ) on the request of the French Minister of Culture Frédéric Mitterrand , ( Official Journal 14/11/2010 ) .
Wilhelm Beier ( 18 November 1913 -- 12 July 1977 ) was a Luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
This incredibly lop - sided trade paid immediate dividends for the Oilers , as Adam Graves would go on to score 11 points in the playoffs , en route to defeating the Boston Bruins for the Edmonton Oilers ' fifth Stanley Cup .
Jozef Turanec ( 7 March 1892 Sučany -- 9 March 1957 , Leopoldov ) was a Slovak General during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Alfred Schneidereit ( 29 October 1919 -- 22 February 1999 ) was an Untersturmführer ( Second Lieutenant ) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Oksana Vozovic ( born 8 December 1985 ) is a Ukrainian chess Woman Grandmaster and kickboxer .
Shiromajo Gakuen is a 2013 motion picture starring the J - Pop group Dempagumi.inc , and directed by Koichi Sakamoto , who is known for directing the Super Sentai Series .
Do Not Send Your Wife to Italy ( German : Schick Deine Frau nicht nach Italien ) is a 1960 West German romantic comedy film directed by Hans Grimm and starring Marianne Hold , Claus Biederstaedt and Elma Karlowa .
Hello Yaar Pesurathu is a 1985 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by actor Ramarajan , starring Suresh and Jeevitha in lead roles .
Condorman is a 1981 American adventure comedy superhero film directed by Charles Jarrott , produced by Walt Disney Productions , and starring Michael Crawford , Barbara Carrera and Oliver Reed .
Ambassador Bill is a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Will Rogers and Marguerite Churchill .
William Powell as John Prentice Myrna Loy as Evelyn Prentice Una Merkel as Amy Drexel Rosalind Russell as Mrs. Nancy Harrison Isabel Jewell as Judith Wilson Harvey Stephens as Lawrence Kennard Edward Brophy as Eddie Delaney Henry Wadsworth as Chester Wylie Cora Sue Collins as Dorothy Prentice Frank Conroy as District Attorney Farley Jessie Ralph as Mrs. Blake
Salute for Three is a 1943 musical film starring Macdonald Carey and Betty Jane Rhodes .
The Circus Queen Murder is a 1933 American Pre - Code mystery film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Adolphe Menjou , Donald Cook and Greta Nissen .
For No Good Reason is a 2012 American - British documentary film about Ralph Steadman , directed by Charlie Paul .
Clint the Stranger , also known as Clint the Nevada 's Loner , Nevada Clint and Clint , the Lonely Nevadan ( in original Italian , Clint il solitario ) , is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring George Martin .
Al - Darga Al - Thalitha ( Arabic : الدرجة الثالثة‎ ; The 3rd Class ) is a 1988 Egyptian drama / romance movie , starring Soad Hosni and Ahmed Zaki .
The Man in the Moonlight is a 1919 silent film , a drama set in the great north , starring Colleen Moore and Monroe Salisbury .
Jagga Jasoos ( English : Jagga Detective ) is an upcoming Indian comedy - drama film directed by Anurag Basu , and produced by Basu and Ranbir Kapoor .
The Crowded Sky is a 1960 Technicolor drama film directed by Joseph Pevney , starring Dana Andrews , Rhonda Fleming and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hank Searls .
It is based on a Broadway stage play , The Woman on the Jury , and stars Sylvia Breamer and Bessie Love .
A Little Romance is a 1979 American Technicolor and Panavision romantic comedy film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Laurence Olivier , Thelonious Bernard , and Diane Lane in her film debut .
Fire on the Amazon is a 1993 American - Peruvian drama - adventure film directed by Luis Llosa and starring Craig Sheffer and Sandra Bullock .
Citizen Baines is an American drama series that starred James Cromwell .
Nutty , Naughty Chateau ( French : Château en Suède , Italian : Il castello in Svezia ) is a 1963 French - Italian comedy film directed by Roger Vadim starring Monica Vitti .
The Toll of the Sea ( 1922 ) is an American drama film , directed by Chester M. Franklin , produced by the Technicolor Motion Picture Corporation , released by Metro Pictures , and featuring Anna May Wong in her first leading role .
Duel at Diablo is a 1966 western film starring James Garner in his first Western since leaving Maverick and Sidney Poitier in his first Western .
Jayabheri ( Telugu : జయభేరి ) is a 1959 Telugu musical hit film directed by P. Pullaiah and starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi in lead roles .
Woman in the River ( German : Frau i m Strom ) is a 1939 drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Hertha Feiler , Attila Hörbiger and Oskar Sima .
Ben Johnson as John Coulter Iron Eyes Cody as Standing Bear Lana Wood as Beth Coulter Jack Elam as Trapper Willis Paul Fix as Running Wolf Alex Cord as Grayeagle Jacob Daniels as Scar Jimmy Clem as Abe Stroud Cindy Butler as Ida Coulter Charles B. Pierce as Bugler
Life for Ruth is a 1962 British drama film produced by Michael Relph directed by Basil Dearden and starring Michael Craig , Patrick McGoohan and Janet Munro .
The Lawless is a 1950 American film noir directed by Joseph Losey and features Macdonald Carey , Gail Russell and Johnny Sands .
At a Glance ( Italian : Colpo d'occhio ) is a 2008 Italian thriller film written , directed and starred by Sergio Rubini .
Where Eagles Dare is a British 1968 World War II action film starring Richard Burton , Clint Eastwood , and Mary Ure .
Member of the Jury is a 1937 British crime film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring Ellis Irving , Marjorie Hume and Franklyn Bellamy .
Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Resnick and co - produced by Tim Burton , which starred comedian Chris Elliott .
Counsel for Crime is a 1937 American crime film directed by John Brahm starring Otto Kruger , Douglass Montgomery and Jacqueline Wells .
Ithihasa is a 2014 Malayalam fantasy comedy film written by Aneesh Lee Ashok and directed by Binu S. The film tells the story of body swapping between a conservative young software professional girl ( Anusree ) and an easy going young petty thief , Alvy ( Shine Tom Chacko ) .
The musical score for Mistress America was composed by Dean Wareham and Britta Phillips , who previously collaborated with director Baumbach on The Squid and the Whale .
Meet Miss Anxiety ( Chinese : 我的早更女友 ) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Kwak Jae - yong and starring Zhou Xun and Tong Dawei .
Gunman Sent by God ( Italian : Il pistolero segnato da Dio , also known as Two Pistols and a Coward ) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Anthony Steffen .
Her Fractured Voice is an 1917 American short silent comedy film starring Leatrice Joy ( billed as Beatrice Joy ) .
Rediff wrote `` Veera Parampare has nothing extraordinary or new to offer , but Ambareesh and Sudeep fans wo n't be disappointed '' .
American Violet is a 2008 drama film directed by Tim Disney and starring Nicole Beharie .
My Brother Cicero is a 1998 comedy short film written by Louis Mandylor and Tony Nittoli starring Louis Mandylor , Costas Mandylor and Tony Nittoli .
Diggers in Blighty is a 1933 Australian film starring and directed by Pat Hanna .
Game 6 ( stylized as Game6 ) is a 2005 American film directed by Michael Hoffman , first presented at the Sundance Film Festival , released in the United States in 2006 , and starring Michael Keaton .
Rani Lalithangi ( Tamil : ராணி லலிதாங்கி ) is a Tamil language Folklore film starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles .
Ernest in the Army is a 1998 comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney .
A Mix - Up in Pedigrees is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Francelia Billington .
Manu Uncle is a 1988 Malayalam children 's film written and directed by Dennis Joseph starring Mammootty in title role .
The Block Signal is 1926 silent railroad drama directed by Frank O'Connor and starring Ralph Lewis and Jean Arthur .
Death Car on the Freeway is a 1979 American made - for - television movie starring Shelley Hack .
Two Small Bodies is a 1993 thriller starring Fred Ward and Suzy Amis .
They Came to Rob Hong Kong is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film produced and directed by Clarence Fok and starring Dean Shek , who also serves as the film 's writer and executive producer .
Buongiorno papà ( Italian for Good Morning Dad ) is a 2013 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Edoardo Leo .
In 1978 , at the age of 5 , Miral ( Freida Pinto ) was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother 's death .
Christmas in Connecticut is a 1945 American Christmas film and romantic comedy directed by Peter Godfrey , and starring Barbara Stanwyck , Dennis Morgan , and Sydney Greenstreet .
Offers is a 2005 Dutch television film directed by Dana Nechushtan and starring Maryam Hassouni and Jacob Derwig .
Brown Eye , Evil Eye ( also known as Smedje Oko Zlo Oko ) is a 1967 film starring Hugh Griffith , Rosemary Nicols , Ron Thompson and directed by Robert Angus .
Joe 's Apartment is a 1996 musical - comedy film starring Jerry O'Connell and Megan Ward and the first film produced by MTV Films .
Sequel to the Diamond from the Sky ( also known as The Fate of the Child and The Gypsy 's Trust ) is a 1916 American short silent film directed by Edward Sloman starring William Russell and Rhea Mitchell .
Sun Sajna is a 1982 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Chander Bahl for Rajshri Productions , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Ranjeeta Kaur , Iftekhar , Ram Mohan and Jagdeep
Mr. Chedworth Steps Out is a 1939 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall starring Cecil Kellaway .
A Cafe in Cairo is a 1924 silent film feature directed by Chester Withey and starring Priscilla Dean .
Man on the Flying Trapeze ( also released as The Memory Expert ) is a 1935 comedy film starring W. C. Fields as a henpecked husband .
Paris Calling is a 1942 American war film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Basil Rathbone , Randolph Scott , Elisabeth Bergner .
Trade of Innocents is a 2012 American made thriller independent film written and directed by Christopher Bessette , and starring Dermot Mulroney , Mira Sorvino , John Billingsley , Trieu Tran .
Twelve Women ( Spanish : Doce mujeres ) is a 1939 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Roberto Escalada .
My Six Convicts is the true story of a prison psychologist ( John Beal ) and his attempts to get through to his incarcerated patients .
Greystone Park is a found footage horror film written by Sean Stone and Alexander Wraith , directed by Sean Stone , and starring Sean Stone , Alexander Wraith , Antonella Lentini , Oliver Stone and Bruce Payne .
Innamorato pazzo , internationally released as Madly in Love , is a 1981 Italian romantic comedy film , starring Adriano Celentano and Ornella Muti .
The Best House in London is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Philip Saville and starring David Hemmings , Joanna Pettet , George Sanders , Warren Mitchell , John Bird , Maurice Denham and Bill Fraser .
Sunshine Reggae in Ibiza ( German : Sunshine Reggae auf Ibiza ) is a 1983 West German comedy film directed by Franz Marischka and starring Karl Dall , Olivia Pascal and Chris Roberts .
Briana Loves Jenna is a 2001 pornographic film starring Briana Banks and Jenna Jameson , written and directed by Jay Grdina under the stage name `` Justin Sterling '' .
The Life of Shakespeare is a 1914 British silent biographical film directed by Frank R. Growcott and J.B. McDowell and starring Albert Ward , Sybil Hare and George Foley .
Sette scialli di seta gialla stars Anthony Steffen , Sylva Koscina , Jeannette Len , Renato De Carmine , Giacomo Rossi - Stuart and Umberto Raho .
Yamudiki Mogudu is a 1988 Telugu action fantasy film , starring Chiranjeevi , Vijayashanti , Radha , and Kota Srinivasa Rao and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty .
Altars of Desire ( 1927 ) is a silent drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring silent movie star Mae Murray .
The Honeymoon Express is a lost 1926 silent film drama directed by James Flood and uncredited Ernst Lubitsch and starred Willard Louis and Irene Rich .
Manthrika Kuthira is a 1996 Malayalam crime thriller film directed by Viji Thampi , starring Dileep , Manoj K. Jayan , Vani Viswanath and Mohini in the lead roles .
Stick It is an American teen comedy - drama film starring Jeff Bridges , Missy Peregrym , and Vanessa Lengies .
Maciste the Athlete ( Italian : Maciste atleta ) is a 1918 Italian silent film directed by Vincenzo Denizot and Giovanni Pastrone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano .
Henry Browne , Farmer is an American short propaganda film produced in 1942 about African - American contributions to the war effort during World War II . It is narrated by Canada Lee .
Man in the Dark is a 1953 film noir drama 3-D film directed by Lew Landers and starring Edmond O'Brien , Audrey Totter and Ted de Corsia .
All in Good Taste ( Originally known as It 's All in Good Taste ) is a Canadian comedy film and is also one of Jim Carrey 's first roles .
It 's You I Have Loved ( German : Dich hab ich geliebt ) is a 1929 German drama film directed by Rudolf Walther - Fein and starring Mady Christians , Walter Jankuhn and Hans Stüwe .
Calamity Anne , Heroine is a 1913 American silent short Western directed by Allan Dwan starring Louise Lester as Calamity Anne .
Golpo Holeo Shotti ( Bengali : গল্প হলেও সত্যি ; English : A story , but true ) is an Indian Bengali suspense supernatural thriller film directed by Birsa Dasgupta , produced by Shree Venkatesh Films , starring Soham Chakraborty and Mimi Chakraborty .
Odipolama ( English : Shall we elope ? ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic film directed by Kanmani , starring newcomer , Parimal and Sandhya in the lead roles , whilst , Kota Srinivasa Rao plays a pivotal role .
Change of Habit is a 1969 American musical drama film directed by William A. Graham and starring Elvis Presley and Mary Tyler Moore .
`` Hunter of Invisible Game '' is a short film by Bruce Springsteen that was released on July 9 , 2014 through his website .
Ennavale is a 2000 Tamil romantic film directed by J. Suresh which features Madhavan and Sneha in the lead roles .
Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde is a 1995 British - American comedy film starring Tim Daly , Sean Young and Lysette Anthony .
Their First Misunderstanding is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by Thomas H. Ince and starring Mary Pickford and Owen Moore .
Rathri Mazha is a Malayalam film by Lenin Rajendran starring Vineeth and Meera Jasmine in lead roles .
Agent for H.A.R.M. is a 1966 science fiction spy thriller ( spy - fi ) directed by Gerd Oswald and starring Peter Mark Richman .
Confessions of a Sexist Pig is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy starring Edward Kerr and Traylor Howard .
Naaigal Jaakirathai ( English : Beware of Dogs ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy thriller film , written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan featuring Sibiraj and a Belgian Shepherd dog named Idoh in the lead , which is an Indian adaptation of the Hollywood comedy - crime film , Turner & Hooch .
The Spanish Main ( 1945 ) is an adventure film starring Paul Henreid , Maureen O'Hara , Walter Slezak and Binnie Barnes , and directed by Frank Borzage .
Nanayam ( Malayalam : നാണയം ) is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by I.V. Sasi and starring Mammootty , Mohanlal , Seema , and Poornima Jayaram .
Underclassman is a 2005 action comedy film directed by Marcos Siega , and stars Nick Cannon , Shawn Ashmore , Roselyn Sánchez , Kelly Hu , Hugh Bonneville , and Cheech Marin .
He was portrayed by Richard Gomez in the movie Super Islaw and The Flying Kids and was later revived by Zanjoe Marudo in ABS - CBN 's Super Inggo TV series .
Soorya Gayathri is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Anil , written by John Paul , and starring Mohanlal in the lead role .
Night Inn ( Chinese : 夜店 ; pinyin : Yè Diǎn ) is a Chinese black - and - white film released in 1947 , directed by Huang Zuolin and starring the popular Shanghai singer Zhou Xuan .
When the Grapevines Bloom on the Danube is a 1965 German - Austrian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Hansjörg Felmy , Ingeborg Schöner and Gaston Brocksieper .
Aas Paas is a 1981 Bollywood romantic film directed by J. Om Prakash and starring Dharmendra , Hema Malini and Prem Chopra .
Rupert of Hee Haw is a 1924 American silent film starring Stan Laurel and drawing on the Ruritanian romance of Rupert of Hentzau , Anthony Hope 's sequel to The Prisoner of Zenda .
The Locked Door is a 1929 American Pre - Code drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rod LaRocque , Barbara Stanwyck , William `` Stage '' Boyd , and Betty Bronson .
Fly - Away Baby is a 1937 American comedy - adventure film featuring Glenda Farrell as Torchy Blane , the second in the series of nine Torchy Blane movies .
Hot Property is a Channel 5 show originally broadcast from 1997 to 1998 and hosted by Sandy Mitchell .
Ambush Valley is a 1936 American western directed by Bernard B. Ray , produced by Ray and Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures , starring Bob Custer and Victoria Vinton .
Fire Over England ( aka Gloriana ) is a 1937 London Film Productions film drama , notable for providing the first pairing of Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh .
Wake Me When the War Is Over is a 1969 American comedy made - for - TV film starring Ken Berry and Eva Gabor , and directed by Gene Nelson .
The Chicago 8 is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Pinchas Perry and starring Philip Baker Hall , Gary Cole , Steven Culp and Mayim Bialik .
The Honeymoon Machine is a 1961 film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Steve McQueen , Brigid Bazlen , Jim Hutton , Paula Prentiss , Jack Mullaney , and Dean Jagger , based on the 1959 Broadway play The Golden Fleecing by Lorenzo Semple Jr ..
The Chinese Stuntman ( also known as Counter Attack or The Chieh Boxing Master ) is a 1981 martial arts Bruceploitation film starring Bruce Li .
His First Flame ( 1927 ) is an American silent comedy film starring Harry Langdon and directed by Harry Edwards .
The Fuller Brush Girl is a 1950 slapstick comedy starring Lucille Ball and directed by Lloyd Bacon .
The Great Rupert , is a 1950 comedy family film , produced by George Pal , directed by Irving Pichel and starring Jimmy Durante , Tom Drake and Terry Moore .
Secret Nation is a 1992 political thriller written by Edward Riche , directed by Mike Jones and starring Cathy Jones .
Sayonara won four Academy Awards , including acting honors for co - stars Red Buttons and Miyoshi Umeki .
One Good Cop is a 1991 American crime drama film written and directed by Heywood Gould and starring Michael Keaton , Rene Russo , Anthony LaPaglia and Benjamin Bratt .
Alias Boston Blackie is the third in a series of Columbia Pictures `` B '' movies starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie .
Cecilia of the Pink Roses is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Julius Steger and starring and produced by Marion Davies in her second feature film .
Even Though the Whole World Is Burning is a feature documentary film about former United States Poet Laureate and environmental activist W. S. Merwin .
Alien Raiders is a 2008 American science fiction horror film , starring Carlos Bernard , Rockmond Dunbar and Mathew St. Patrick .
Follow Me , Scoundrels ( German : Mir nach , Canaillen ! ) is a 1964 East German historical adventure film directed by Ralf Kirsten and starring Manfred Krug , Monika Woytowicz and Fred Düren .
Sentinels of Silence was released in two versions , with Orson Welles providing the English - language narration and Ricardo Montalban providing the Spanish - language narration .
Eyes Without a Face ( French : Les yeux sans visage ) is a 1960 French - Italian horror film adaptation of Jean Redon 's novel , directed by Georges Franju , and starring Pierre Brasseur and Alida Valli .
Mississippi Masala is a 1991 romantic drama film directed by Mira Nair , based upon a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala , starring Denzel Washington , Sarita Choudhury , and Roshan Seth .
Mr Ya Miss ( English : Mr or Miss ) is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film which is written , directed by and stars Antara Mali alongside Ritesh Deshmukh , Aftab Shivdasani and Divya Dutta .
The Son of the White Mountain ( German : Der Sohn der weißen Berge ) is a 1930 German mystery romance film directed by Mario Bonnard and Luis Trenker and starring Trenker , Maria Matray and Renate Müller .
Dizengoff 99 ( Hebrew : דיזנגוף 99‎ ) is a 1979 Israeli film starring Gali Atari , Gidi Gov , Meir Suissa , and Anat Atzmon .
Ted Danson portrays Sam Malone , a bartender and an owner of Cheers .
Brave Warrior is a 1952 Technicolor western film , directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Jon Hall and Christine Larsen .
Lions for Lambs is a 2007 American drama war film directed by Robert Redford about the connection between a platoon of United States soldiers in Afghanistan , a U.S. senator , a reporter , and a California college professor .
A Piece of Cake is a 1948 British fantasy comedy film directed by John Irwin and starring and co - written by the husband and wife team of Cyril Fletcher and Betty Astell as well as Laurence Naismith and Jon Pertwee .
Racing Luck is a 1941 Australian comedy film directed by Rupert Kathner and starring Joe Valli , George Lloyd and Marshall Crosby .
Sønnen fra Amerika is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Peter Malberg .
The Other End of the Line is a romantic comedy film released in 2008 starring Jesse Metcalfe , Shriya Saran and Anupam Kher .
Kallum Kaniyagum ( Tamil : கல்லும் கனியாகும் ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by T. M. Soundararajan and A. L. Raghavan .
Seven Sweethearts is a 1942 musical film directed by Frank Borzage , starring Kathryn Grayson , Marsha Hunt and Van Heflin .
Two Jacks is a 2012 comedy - drama film directed by Bernard Rose and starring Sienna Miller and Danny Huston .
Wenche Foss as Victoria Lund Pål Øverland as Carl Arne Bang - Hansen as Hilmar Monna Tandberg as Beatrice
The mother of Dirk and Silke Nowitzki , Helga Nowitzki played for the Germany women 's national basketball team .
François - Hubert Drouais ( December 14 , 1727 -- October 21 , 1775 ) was a French painter and the father of Jean - Germain Drouais .
Duane , Beth , Leland and Lyssa Chapman all appear in the pre - credits segment of the Hawaii Five-0 episode `` Na Ki'i '' with Duane Chapman interacting briefly with Steve McGarrett ( Alex O'Loughlin ) .
Cleopatra Selene I bore him two sons , Antiochus XIII Asiaticus and Seleucus Cybiosactes .
Dorothy Wear Walker and New York Mets cofounder George Herbert Walker , Jr. , Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center CEO Dr. John M. Walker , Sr . ( father of Judge John M. Walker , Jr. ) , James Wear Walker , Nancy Walker , and Louis Walker ( S&B 1936 ) .
In 404 , Li Gao 's heir apparent Li Tan ( 李譚 ) died , and he created Li Tan 's younger brother Li Xin as the new heir apparent .
Lady Wu Hanyue ( 吳漢月 ) ( 913 -- July 17 , 952 ) , formally the Lady Dowager Gongyi of Wuyue ( 吳越國恭懿太夫人 ) , was the mother of Qian Chu ( King Wenyi , né Qian Hongchu ) , the fifth and final king of the Chinese state Wuyue of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
Ju - Chin Chu ( Chinese : 朱汝瑾 ; pinyin : Zhū Rǔjǐn ; 14 December 1919 - 15 November 2000 ) was a Chinese American chemical engineer and father of Steven Chu .
In addition , Wu Sansi 's son Wu Chongxun ( 武崇訓 ) had been married to Emperor Zhongzong 's and Empress Wei 's daughter Li Guo'er the Princess Anle , who also had much power in her father 's administration .
Parvati is the mother of Hindu deities Ganesha and Karttikeya .
Felix Browder is the father of Bill Browder , CEO of Hermitage Capital Management , and Tom Browder , a physicist specializing in the experimental study of subatomic particles at the University of Hawaii .
Maria Pypelinckx ( 20 March 1538 -- 19 October 1608 ) was a writer from the Southern Netherlands , best known today as the mother of the painter Peter Paul Rubens .
Agim Ramadani ( 3 May 1964 -- April 1999 ) was an Albanian leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) , best known for his support in the Battle of Košare .
Julius White ( September 23 , 1816 -- May 12 , 1890 ) was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War , as well as a postbellum diplomat .
USS Epsilon ( 1864 ) was a tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Sous Lieutenant Fernand Henri Chavannes was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories .
The SdKfz 4 Gleisketten - Lastkraftwagen ( `` chain - track truck '' ) , was a 4.5-tonne military truck of Maultier ( `` mule '' ) half - track family developed during World War II by Germany .
Richard J. Nolan ( January 1 , 1848 -- August 26 , 1905 ) served in the United States Army during the American Indian Wars .
Henry Capehart ( March 18 , 1825 -- April 15 , 1895 ) was a surgeon and officer in the U.S. Cavalry during the American Civil War .
Charles Frederick Ehret ( died February 24 , 2007 ) was a World War II veteran ( Battle of the Bulge / Ardennes along the Siegfried Line ) as well as a world - renowned molecular biologist who worked at Argonne National Laboratory ( ANL ) in Lemont , Illinois , USA , for 40 years .
Ecaterina Teodoroiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ekateˈrina te.odoˈroju ) ; born Cătălina Toderoiu ; January 15 , 1894 - September 3 , 1917 ) was a Romanian woman who fought and died in World War I , and is regarded as a heroine of Romania .
The United Defense M42 was issued for use by Filipino troops under the Philippine Army and Philippine Constabulary during World War II from 1942 through the Post - World War II era until the 1960s and was used by the local recognized guerrillas from 1942 to 1945 during the Japanese Occupation .
Georges Guynemer ( 24 December 1894 -- 11 September 1917 missing ) was a top fighter ace for France during World War I , and a French national hero at the time of his death .
Antonio Cantore ( Sampierdarena , 4 August 1860 -- Tofana di Rozes , 20 July 1915 ) was an Italian general , active in World War I , for which he was awarded the gold medal for military valour .
2,157 T-27s remained in service or on service by January 1941 and some took part in the initial stages of the Great Patriotic War ( part of World War II , in which USSR fought against Germany ) later that year .
David Hunter ( July 21 , 1802 -- February 2 , 1886 ) was a Union general during the American Civil War .
Thornsbury Bailey Brown ( May 15 , 1829 -- May 22 , 1861 ) of Taylor County , Virginia ( now West Virginia ) is generally considered the first Union soldier killed by a Confederate soldier during the American Civil War .
Jean - Toussaint Arrighi de Casanova ( born 8 March 1778 in Corte ; died 22 March 1853 in Paris ) , duc de Padova , was a French diplomat and soldier of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonell of Greenfield ( 19 April 1785 -- 14 October 1812 ) was an aide - de - camp to British Major General Sir Isaac Brock during the War of 1812 , dying in the Battle of Queenston Heights .
USS Theta ( 1864 ) was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the latter years of the American Civil War .
Tau Tauri ( τ Tau , τ Tauri ) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus .
NGC 121 is a globular cluster in the Small Magellanic Cloud , in the constellation of Tucana .
IC 2220 , also known as the Toby Jug Nebula , is a reflection nebula located 1200 light years away in the southern constellation of Carina .
Gamma Serpentis ( γ Serpentis , γ Ser ) is a star in the equatorial constellation Serpens , in the part of the constellation that represents the serpent 's head ( Serpens Caput ) .
LP 944 - 20 is a dim brown dwarf of spectral class M9 located about 21 light - years from the Solar System in the constellation of Fornax .
HD 171028 is a yellow main - sequence star in the constellation of Ophiuchus .
HD 38529 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Orion .
NGC 4565 ( also known as the Needle Galaxy or Caldwell 38 ) is an edge - on spiral galaxy about 30 to 50 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
Abell 665 is a galaxy cluster in the Abell catalogue in the constellation Ursa Major .
49 Ceti ' is a main sequence A1V star of magnitude 5.62 located in Cetus .
NGC 5286 , also known as Caldwell 84 , is a globular cluster of stars located some 35,900 light years away in the constellation Centaurus .
SGR 1806 - 20 is located about 14.5 kiloparsecs ( 50,000 light - years ) from Earth on the far side of the Milky Way galaxy in the constellation of Sagittarius .
Messier 56 ( also known as M56 or NGC 6779 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Lyra .
Abell 370 is a galaxy cluster located approximately 6 billion light - years away from the Earth ( at redshift z = 0.375 ) , in the constellation Cetus .
HD 158476 is a supergiant star in the southern constellation of Ara .
NGC 2232 is a bright open star cluster in the constellation Monoceros centred on the star 10 Monocerotis .
The M101 Group is a loose group of galaxies located in Ursa Major .
35 Arietis ( abbreviated 35 Ari ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
BD + 20 ° 307 is a close binary star system approximately 300 light - years away in the constellation Aries .
Messier 5 or M5 ( also designated NGC 5904 ) is a globular cluster in the constellation Serpens .
The Calabash Nebula , also known as the Rotten Egg Nebula or by its technical name OH 231.84 + 4.22 , is a protoplanetary nebula ( PPN ) 1.4 light years ( 13 Pm ) long and located some 5,000 light years ( 47 Em ) from Earth in the constellation Puppis .
NGC 2452 is a planetary nebula located in the southern constellation of Puppis .
The Rosette Nebula ( also known as Caldwell 49 ) is a large , circular H II region located near one end of a giant molecular cloud in the Monoceros region of the Milky Way Galaxy .
NGC 4236 ( also known as Caldwell 3 ) is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Draco .
Theta Ceti ( θ Ceti , θ Cet ) is a Class K0 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Cetus .
Kepler-68c is an Earth - sized planet orbiting the star Kepler-68 in the constellation of Cygnus .
HD 126271 is a suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
NGC 5746 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the eastern part of the constellation of Virgo , and it can be seen with amateur telescopes .
HD 153370 is binary star in the southern constellation of Ara .
PZ Telescopii , also known as HD 174429 or simply PZ Tel , is a young star in the constellation Telescopium .
41 Lyncis ( abbreviated 41 Lyn ) , also designated HD 81688 and named Intercrus , is a fifth magnitude star located in the northern constellation of Ursa Major .
HR 3220 ( B Car ) is a single - lined spectroscopic binary in the constellation Carina , approximately 65 light years from Earth .
Gamma Ceti ( γ Cet , γ Ceti ) is a star system in the equatorial constellation Cetus .
26 Aquarii ( abbreviated 26 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
Epidote Peak ( 84 ° 46′S 176 ° 56′W ) is a prominent rock peak just north of the mouth of Held Glacier , overlooking the west side of Shackleton Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
The Klumpane Peaks are a group of small rock peaks on the east side of the mouth of Strengen Valley , on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Hewitt Glacier ( 83 ° 17′S 167 ° 50′E ) is a glacier , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) long , descending the eastern slopes of the Holland Range , Antarctica , between Lewis Ridge and Mount Tripp to enter Richards Inlet .
Howchin South Stream ( 78 ° 13′S 163 ° 25′E ) is a meltwater stream draining from the south side of Howchin Glacier in the Denton Hills , Scott Coast , Antarctica .
Marshall Cirque ( 78 ° 5′S 167 ° 16′E ) is an ice - filled cirque , 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) wide , located 1 nautical mile southwest of Kienle Cirque on the west side of White Island , in the Ross Archipelago , Antarctica .
Shackleton Coast is that portion of the coast along the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf between Cape Selborne and Airdrop Peak at the east side of Beardmore Glacier in Antarctica .
Hannon Hill ( 77 ° 50′S 163 ° 39′E ) is a bare rock hill , 1,110 metres ( 3,640 ft ) high , on the west side of the terminus of Amos Glacier , at the juncture with Blue Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Greenville Hole ( 76 ° 43′S 160 ° 58′E ) is a circular depression , 200 metres ( 660 ft ) deep , in the center of Greenville Valley , Convoy Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mossman Inlet ( 73 ° 17′S 60 ° 32′W ) is a narrow ice - filled inlet which recedes north 19 kilometres ( 10 nmi ) between Cape Kidson and the southwest end of Kemp Peninsula , along the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Although it is a small town , Segrate hosts large structures such as the CILEA Interuniversity Consortium , among the most advanced supercomputing centers in Europe , and the San Raffaele Hospital .
Lehrke Inlet ( 70 ° 49′S 61 ° 45′W ) is an ice - filled inlet , 15 kilometres ( 8 nmi ) wide , which recedes southwest for 31 kilometres ( 17 nmi ) between Cape Boggs and Cape Sharbonneau , along the east coast of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Hodge Escarpment ( 83 ° 3′S 50 ° 11′W ) is an escarpment to the northeast of Henderson Bluff on the northwest side of Lexington Table , in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Mount Queequeg ( 65 ° 39′S 62 ° 8′W ) is a conspicuous , partly snow - covered mountain with three conical summits , the highest 900 m , situated in eastern Aristotle Mountains between the mouths of Starbuck and Stubb Glaciers on the east coast of Graham Land in Antarctica .
The Antarctic Plate is a tectonic plate containing the continent of Antarctica and extending outward under the surrounding oceans .
Potmess Rocks is a group of large rocks lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Tunisia ( Arabic : تونس‎ Tūnis ; Berber : ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ ) , officially the Tunisian Republic or the Republic of Tunisia ( Arabic : الجمهورية التونسية‎ al - Jumhūrīya at - Tūnisīya ; Berber : ⵜⴰⴳⴷⵓⴷⴰ ⵏ ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ ) is the northernmost country in Africa , covering 165,000 square kilometres ( 64,000 sq mi ) .
Director Nunatak ( 66 ° 49′S 65 ° 6′W ) is a conspicuous nunatak standing between the heads of Balch Glacier and Breitfuss Glacier , in Graham Land in Antarctica .
Kramer Island is an ice - covered island , 4 kilometres ( 2 nmi ) long , in the Marshall Archipelago , Antarctica .
Zavera Snowfield ( Bulgarian : Ледник Завера , `` Lednik Zavera '' \'led - nik za-'ve - ra\ ) is the glacier extending 18 km in north - south direction and 16 km in east - west direction on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Gleaner Heights ( 62 ° 35′S 60 ° 15′W ) are a series of elevations extending southwest from Leslie Hill in the eastern part of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Cape Denison is a rocky point at the head of Commonwealth Bay in Antarctica .
Hinkley Glacier ( 78 ° 27′S 85 ° 20′W ) is a glacier flowing northeastward from Corbet Peak and Schoening Peak , Vinson Massif on the east slope of Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica , and continuing between Mount Segers and Zinsmeister Ridge to enter Dater Glacier southeast of Nebeska Peak and northwest of Sipey Peak .
Burkitt Nunatak is a small nunatak , rising to about 1,200 m ( 3,900 ft ) high , located in the north - west part of Dyer Plateau , 17 km ( 11 mi ) west - southwest of Crescent Scarp , Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Cape Klovstad ( 71 ° 39′S 170 ° 6′E ) is a rugged rock point between Colbeck Bay and Protection Cove in the southern part of Robertson Bay , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Karposh Point ( Bulgarian : нос Карпош , `` Nos Karposh '' \'nos ' kar - posh\ ) is the ice - free point on the north coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Cook Mountains is a group of mountains bounded by the Mulock and Darwin glaciers in Antarctica .
Barton Peninsula is a small peninsula separating Marian Cove and Potter Cove at the southwest end of King George Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
The Johannessen Nunataks ( 72 ° 52′S 161 ° 11′E ) are an isolated , ridgelike outcropping of rocks about 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) long , standing 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) south of Mount Weihaupt in the southern extremity of the Outback Nunataks , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lippert Peak ( 79 ° 59′S 81 ° 56′W ) is a sharp pointed peak at the end of a ridge that extends west from the Douglas Peaks into Horseshoe Valley , located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southeast of Strong Peak ( which this peak resembles ) in the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
Marck Glacier ( 72 ° 16′S 97 ° 2′W ) is a glacier flowing into the southwestern extremity of Cadwalader Inlet on the north side of Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Ibarra Peak ( 77 ° 58′S 162 ° 58′E ) is the summit at the extremity of the ridge which extends eastwards from the Royal Society Range between Mitchell Glacier and Lister Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Hampton Ridge is a ridge about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica , running north from Pagoda Peak between Montgomerie Glacier and Mackellar Glacier .
Mac . Robertson Land is the portion of Antarctica lying southward of the coast between William Scoresby Bay and Cape Darnley .
Sredorek Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Средорек , `` Vrah Sredorek '' \'vr&h sre - do-'rek\ ) is the peak rising to 1224 m in Korten Ridge east of Kasabova Glacier and west of Sabine Glacier on Davis Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Hedblom Glacier ( 76 ° 34′S 162 ° 24′E ) is a glacier between Mount Creak and Tito Peak that flows east from Endeavour Massif to Tripp Ice Tongue , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Kakure Rocks ( 67 ° 57′S 44 ° 47′E ) are two rocky exposures along the east wall of Shinnan Glacier , at the western extremity of Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Luhrsen Nunatak ( 71 ° 59′S 161 ° 41′E ) is a nunatak 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south - southeast of Mount Alford at the southeast end of the Helliwell Hills , Antarctica .
Sultan Glacier is a glacier flowing south - west into Table Bay , Elephant Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Douanier Rock is a small rocky island lying close to the coast and just east of Point Alden , Antarctica , the point which separates Adélie Coast and George V Coast .
Kellogg Valley ( 77 ° 29′S 161 ° 11′E ) is a high ( 1,400 metres ( 4,600 ft ) ) hanging valley , for the most part free of ice , between Mount Boreas and Mount Aeolus in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Fitzmaurice Point is a point on the northwest side of Cabinet Inlet , Foyn Coast , Antarctica , between Attlee Glacier and Bevin Glacier .
Fitch Glacier ( 72 ° 1′S 168 ° 7′E ) is a tributary glacier flowing south along the east side of the McGregor Range to enter Man - o - War Glacier in the Admiralty Mountains of northeastern Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Malawi ( /məˈlɔːwi/ , /məˈlɑːwi/ or /ˈmæləwi/ ; Chichewa : ( maláβi ) or ( maláwi ) ) , officially the Republic of Malawi , is a landlocked country in southeast Africa that was formerly known as Nyasaland .
The Astor Rocks ( 71 ° 48′S 12 ° 44′E ) are two small rock outcrops lying 4 miles ( 6 km ) southeast of Mount Ramenskiy in the southeast extremity of the Wohlthat Mountains of Antarctica .
Arthurson Bluff ( 70 ° 45′S 166 ° 5′E ) is a mostly ice - covered bluff overlooking the confluence of Ludvig Glacier and Kirkby Glacier from the west , near the north coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Greenville Valley ( 76 ° 44′S 160 ° 52′E ) is the large mainly ice - free valley lying south of Elkhorn Ridge in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Eastwind Ridge ( 76 ° 36′S 160 ° 47′E ) is a broad , partially ice - covered ridge about 10 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long between Chattahoochee Glacier and Towle Glacier in the Convoy Range of Antarctica .
Harrison Passage ( 65 ° 53′S 65 ° 11′W ) is a passage between Larrouy Island and Tadpole Island to the west , and the Llanquihue Islands and the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica , to the east .
Hawker Island is an irregularly shaped island about 2 km ( 1.2 mi ) long , lying some 7 km south - west of Davis Station between Mule Island and Mule Peninsula , Vestfold Hills , in the eastern part of Prydz Bay , Antarctica .
Victoria Upper Glacier ( 77 ° 16′S 161 ° 25′E ) is a glacier occupying the upper northwest end of Victoria Valley in Antarctica .
Mitterling Glacier ( 66 ° 50′S 64 ° 18′W ) is a glacier on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica , draining between Mount Vartdal and Mount Hayes into the northern part of Mill Inlet .
Forlidas Ridge ( 82 ° 29′S 51 ° 16′W ) is a rock ridge that forms the west side of Davis Valley in the Dufek Massif , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Mouillard Glacier ( 64 ° 18′S 60 ° 53′W ) is a glacier flowing into the southeast corner of Brialmont Cove , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Gran Glacier ( 76 ° 56′S 161 ° 14′E ) is a glacier in Antarctica that flows south into Mackay Glacier between Mount Gran and Mount Woolnough .
The Darwin Mountains is a group of mountains between the Darwin and Hatherton glaciers in Antarctica .
The Sverdrup Mountains ( Norwegian : Sverdrupfjella ) are a group of mountains about 50 miles ( 80 km ) long , standing just west of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land , East Antarctica .
The Snowy River is a major river in south - eastern Australia .
Kista Strait ( 67 ° 35′S 62 ° 51′E ) is a strait between the Flat Islands and Jocelyn Islands in Holme Bay , Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Figaro Nunatak is an isolated nunatak rising to about 200 metres ( 660 ft ) near the east end of Mozart Ice Piedmont , in the northern part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Spann is a mountain in Antarctica , 925 m , marking the north extremity of the Panzarini Hills and the Argentina Range , at the northeast end of the Pensacola Mountains .
Molley Corner is a point on the north side of Rohss Bay , James Ross Island , Antarctica , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Cape Obelisk .
Üçkardeş , Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa , Artvin Province , Turkey .
Tysmenytsia ( Ukrainian : Тисмениця ; a.k.a . Tysmienica , Tysmenitsa , Tyśmienica ) is a city , the administrative center of Tysmenytsia Raion ( district ) in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of western Ukraine .
Darreh Kabud ( Persian : دره كبود‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Kabūd ; also known as Darreh Kabūd `` Olyā and Darreh Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 184 , in 39 families .
Seyd Abbas ( Persian : صيدعباس‎‎ , also Romanized as Seyd ʿAbbās ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Diboké ( also spelled Dibohé ) is a town in western Ivory Coast .
Folkteatern i Gävleborg or Gävle Folkteater ( The Folk Theatre in Gävleborg or Gävle Folk Theatre ) is a regional theatre , opened in 1983 , located in Gävle , Gävleborg County , Sweden .
Malwa is a natural region in west - central India occupying a plateau of volcanic origin .
Kąty - Borucza ( ˈkɔntɨ bɔˈrut͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Puerto Obaldía is the smallest and easternmost of the four corregimientos of the Kuna Yala indigenous region of Panama , located on the border with Colombia .
Bhola Island ( also called Dakhin Shahbazpur ) is the largest island of Bangladesh with an area of 1441 km² .
Otoyol 52 ( English : Motorway 52 ) , abbreviated as O-52 , aka Adana - Şanlıurfa Otoyolu ( English : Adana - Şanlıurfa Motorway ) , is a toll motorway in the regions of Mediterranean and Southeastern Anatolia in Turkey , connecting the cities Adana and Şanlıurfa .
Rusiniec ( ruˈɕiɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Garden History Society was an organisation in the United Kingdom established to study garden history and to protect historic gardens .
The Wisbech & Fenland Museum , located in the town of Wisbech in Cambridgeshire , England , is one of the oldest purpose - built museums in the United Kingdom .
Our Lady of Lourdes is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Toronto , located at 520 Sherbourne Street , Toronto , Canada .
Degilyovka ( Russian : Дегилёвка ) is a village in Bolshebereznikovsky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Cajnarje ( pronounced ( ˈtsaːi̯naɾjɛ ) ) is a village in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Xırmanlar ( also , Khyrmanlar ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Christmas Island District High School is a school located in Christmas Island , a territory of Australia .
Renfrew / Black Donald Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPK8 ) , is a water based aerodrome that is located on Black Donald Lake in Greater Madawaska , Renfrew County , Ontario , Canada , about 20 nautical miles ( 37 km ; 23 mi ) south southwest of the town of Renfrew .
Parah - e Hirami ( Persian : پاراه هيرمي‎ , also Romanized as Pārāh - e Hīramī ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Zibovnik ( pronounced ( ˈziːbɔu̯nik ) ) is a small settlement in the hills above Otave in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Korean Intellectual Property Office ( KIPO ) is the patent office and intellectual property office of South Korea .
Tadjoura ( Afar : Tagórri ; Arabic : تاجورة‎ Tağūrah , Somali : Tajuura ) is the oldest town in Djibouti and the capital of the Tadjourah Region .
Moussa Castle is a castle between Deir el Qamar and Beit ed - Dine in Lebanon .
The Broken Islands are uninhabited islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut , Canada located within western Hudson Bay .
Kostinbrod ( Bulgarian : Костинброд ) is a town in western Bulgaria .
Kalyeh Ney - ye Sofla ( Persian : كله ني سفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Kalyeh Ney - ye Soflá ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Empalme Olmos is a village in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Biedrzykowice ( bjɛdʐɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Dobrepolje railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Dobrepolje ) is the principal railway station in Predstruge , Slovenia .
Vanier College is an English - language public college located in the Montreal borough of Saint - Laurent , Quebec , Canada .
Al Najaf International Airport ( IATA : NJF ; ICAO : ORNI ) is the airport serving Najaf , Iraq , and is located on the eastern side of the city .
The Sekirankai was formed at time in Imperial Japan when socialist thought gained enough momentum to be expressed publicly .
TV 2 Sport HD for Denmark and Viasat Sport HD för Norway and Sweden .
Hotel Presidente Luanda or Le Presidente Luanda Hotel is a hotel in Luanda , Angola , considered to be the city 's most prestigious hotel .
Pylaia ( Greek : Πυλαία ) is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki , Greece .
Wólka Lichtajńska ( ˈvulka lixˈtai̯ɲska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Suetsune Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) located in , Tottori Prefecture , Japan .
Cornereva ( Hungarian : Somosréve ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 3,403 inhabitants .
The Nanganjiyar River is a tributary of the Amaravathy River near Idayankottai village in Palani Taluk , Dindigul District , India .
Every year , the National Youth Theatre holds acting auditions and technical theatre interviews around the United Kingdom ; on average , it receives over 4,500 applicants .
Hillerød station is a railway station serving the city of Hillerød north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Domogled - Valea Cernei National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Domogled - Valea Cernei ) is a protected area ( national park category II IUCN ) situated in Romania , on the administrative territory of counties Caraş - Severin , Gorj and Mehedinţi .
Klęcz ( klɛnt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Steniatyn - Kolonia ( stɛˈɲatɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Augustenborg Municipality - Until 1 January 2007 Augustenborg was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in South Jutland County on the island of Als off the east coast of the Jutland Peninsula in south Denmark .
Mount Biao is a volcanic peak on the island of Bioko in Equatorial Guinea .
Enippeas ( Greek : Ενιππέας ) is a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Kotayk Brewery ( Armenian : `` Կոտայք '' գարեջրի գործարան /koʊˈtaɪk/ ) is a beer brewery founded in 1974 in Abovyan , Armenia .
Raadhuisstraat is a street in Downtown Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
The Korimako Stream is a stream in the North Island of New Zealand , located in the northern suburbs of the national capital , Wellington .
Castillo de Alcaudete is a castle in Alcaudete , in the province of Jaén , Spain .
The Moldo Too is a range in the Internal Tien Shan , Kyrgyzstan .
Winter Harbour is a fishing village of 20 people on the northern tip of Vancouver Island , at the mouth of the Quatsino Sound , in British Columbia , Canada .
Inhambane , Terra de Boa Gente ( Land of Good People ) is a city located in southern Mozambique , lying on Inhambane Bay , 470 km northeast of Maputo .
The Giardino Montano dell ' Orecchiella is a nature preserve and botanical garden located at about 1370 meters altitude in Parco dell'Orecchiella ( 178 hectares ) near Orecchiella , north of Castelnuovo di Garfagnana , Province of Lucca , Tuscany , Italy .
Grušča ( Cyrillic : Грушча ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Aggtelek National Park ( Hungarian : Aggteleki Nemzeti Park ) is a national park in Northern Hungary , in the Aggtelek Karst region .
Grundtvig 's Church ( Danish : Grundtvigs Kirke ) is located in the Bispebjerg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Western Australian Zoological Parks Authority was created under the act of the same name in 2001 , and under the Minister of Environment for Western Australia .
Lansdowne Avenue was built by the Village of Parkdale and named after the Marquis of Lansdowne , and Governor - General of Canada in 1883 .
Bazyar Kheyl ( Persian : بازيارخيل‎ , also Romanized as Bāzyār Kheyl ; also known as Bāzār Kheyl and Bāzbār Kheyl ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ciacova ( German : Tschakowa ; Hungarian : Csák , before 1913 Csákova ; Serbian : Чаково/Čakovo ; Turkish : Çakova ) is a town in Timiș County , western Romania , in the Banat region .
Tawainen , more frequently known as the Missão Tiriós ( Tiriyó Mission ) village , is an indigenous ( Tiriyó ) village situated near the headwaters of the Western Paru river in Brazil , near the border with Suriname .
Malo Trebeljevo ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlɔ tɾɛbɛˈljeːʋɔ ) ; German : Kleintrebeleu ) is a small settlement in the hills east of Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Ludwigslust ( German pronunciation : ( luːtvɪçsˈlʊst ) ) is a central castle town of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany , 40 km south of Schwerin .
Praktikertjänst is the biggest private health and dental care company in Sweden ; it has a turnover of 9.97 billion Swedish kronor and 9,269 employees .
Maxwell Bay is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Beringel is a town ( vila ) and parish ( freguesia ) in Beja Municipality , Alentejo in Southern Portugal .
Kopargaon taluka ( Marathi : कोपरगाव तालुका ) , is a taluka in Sangamner subdivision of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra State of India .
Jazzland Recordings is a Norwegian jazz and improvised music label based in Oslo , Norway , often associated with nu jazz .
The Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals ( French : Association canadienne des conseillers hypothécaires accrédités ) , CAAMP ( French : ACCHA ) is the national association representing Canada 's mortgage industry .
Bedervale is owned privately but the contents were purchased by the National Trust of Australia ( NSW ) to maintain the interior collection .
Arena Savaria is a multi - purpose indoor stadium in Szombathely Hungary .
Living Waters Lutheran College is an independent Christian school providing a Kindergarten to year 12 education to the communities of Warnbro ( Rockingham ) and Halls Head ( Mandurah ) , Western Australia .
Stokmarknes Airport , Skagen ( IATA : SKN , ICAO : ENSK ) ( Norwegian : Stokmarknes lufthavn , Skagen ) is an airport in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county , Norway .
Te Awanga is a small beachside town in Hawke 's Bay , New Zealand .
Rudkøbing is a town on the island of Langeland in Denmark with a population of 4,537 ( 1 January 2014 ) belonging to Langeland municipality ( formerly Rudkøbing municipality ) .
Shuyesheh ( Persian : شويشه‎ , also Romanized as Shūyesheh ; also known as Shavīsheh and Shevīsheh ) is a city in and capital of Kalatrazan District , in Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Global Arena is a sports venue in Munakata , Fukuoka , Kyūshū , Japan .
Reyabad ( Persian : ري آباد‎ , also Romanized as Reyābād and Riābād ) is a village in Kalat - e Hay - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Ogieniowo ( ɔɡʲɛˈɲɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Parvati Hill is a hillock in Pune , India .
As of 2001 , according to the India census , Hirekerur has a population of 15,874 .
The Priority Development Assistance Fund ( PDAF ) is a discretionary fund in the Philippines available to members of Congress .
Soltan Qeshlaqi ( Persian : سلطان قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Solṭān Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Évora ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɛvuɾɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Portugal .
St. Francis Hospital Nsambya , commonly known as Nsambya Hospital , is a hospital in Kampala , the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country .
Yarlovo ( Bulgarian : Ярлово ) is village in Samokov municipality of Sofia Province in South - West Bulgaria .
Abardeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ابرده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Abardeh - e Soflá ; also known as Abar Deh - e Pā’īn and Abardeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Shandiz Rural District , Shandiz District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Salehabad - e Chaqorli ( Persian : صالح آبادچقرلي‎ , also Romanized as Şaleḩābād - e Chaqorlī ; also known as Şaleḩābād , Qānjīq , and Qanjīq ) is a village in Aq Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Bergsjön is a district in eastern Gothenburg , Sweden .
Atuagagdliutit / Grønlandsposten , usually referred to as AG , is one of two newspapers in Greenland which are distributed nationwide .
Veliki Krš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велики крш ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the city of Bor .
Vát is a village in Vas county , Hungary .
Kłodzko ( ˈkwɔt͡skɔ ) ( Czech : Kladsko ; German : Glatz ; Latin : Glacio ) is a town in south - western Poland , in the region of Lower Silesia .
Loddo or Løddo is a mountain in the municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county , Norway .
Al - Hamdaniya District ( also known as Bakhdida District ) is a district in Ninawa Governorate , Iraq .
Qube Holdings Ltd is a diversified logistics and infrastructure company in Australia .
The Big Scrub was the largest area of subtropical lowland rainforest in eastern Australia .
Shefa-'Amr , also Shfar'am ( Arabic : شفاعمرو‎ , Šafā ʻAmr , Hebrew : שְׁפַרְעָם , Šəfarʻam ) is an Arab city in the North District of Israel .
Ravnaja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Равнаја ) is a village in Serbia .
Šmartno pod Šmarno Goro ( pronounced ( ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ pɔt ˈʃmaːɾnɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ ) ; German : Sankt Martin unter dem Großkahlenberge ) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia .
Paikuse is a borough ( Estonian : alev ) in Pärnu County , southwestern Estonia .
Malnad College of Engineering ( MCE ) is an engineering college located in Hassan , Karnataka , India .
Le Bignon - Mirabeau is a commune in the Centre region of France .
Kotir ( Persian : كتير‎ , also Romanized as Kotīr ; also known as Kūtīr ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Młodzieszyn ( mwɔˈd͡ʑeʂɨn ) is a village in Poland , in Masovian Voivodship .
Dhaka International University ( ঢাকা ইন্টারন্যাশনাল ইউনিভার্সিটি ) or DIU is a non - government institution in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Nxai Pan is a large salt pan topographic depression which is part of the larger Makgadikgadi Pans in northeastern Botswana .
L'Isle - sur - la - Sorgue ( French pronunciation : ​(lil syʁ ( la ) ˈsɔʁɡ ) ; Occitan : L'Illa de Sòrga ( ˈlilɔ de ˈsɔʁɡɔ ) or L'Illa de Venissa ( ˈlilɔ de veˈnisɔ ) ) is a town and commune on the Sorgue river southeastern France .
Hotel InterContinental Prague is a 5-star luxury hotel in Prague , Czech Republic .
Guéhenno ( Breton : Gwezhennoù ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Zarabod is a small agricultural hamlet in Gojal ( Upper Hunza ) in Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Ofoten District Court ( Norwegian : Ofoten tingrett ) is the district court located in the city of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Agus River is a river that flows for 36.5 km from Lanao Lake to Iligan Bay , Philippines .
Świerków ( ˈɕfjɛrkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Åstorp is a bimunicipal locality and the seat of Åstorp Municipality in Skåne County , Sweden with 9,488 inhabitants in 2010 .
Alonim ( Hebrew : אַלּוֹנִים , lit . Oaks ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Kozje ( pronounced ( ˈkoːzjɛ ) ) is a small town and a municipality in eastern Slovenia .
Žamenci ( pronounced ( ˈʒaːmɛntsi ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia .
The Western Mustang Band ( WMB ) is the marching band for the University of Western Ontario in London , Ontario , Canada .
Col des Montets ( elevation 1,461 m or 4,793 ft ) is a mountain pass in the French Alps in the Haute - Savoie department of France .
Opfingen is a village to the west of Freiburg , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Watergate Bay ( Cornish : Porth Tregoryan , meaning cove at Coryan 's farm ) is a bay located two miles north of Newquay on the B3276 Newquay to Padstow road near the village of Tregurrian in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Skorovatn Chapel ( Norwegian : Skorovatn kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Yabus River ( or Khor Yabus ) rises in the far west of Ethiopia , in Asosa Zone , flows west into Sudan past the town of Yabus , then enters South Sudan .
The Nebelhorn Trophy is an international senior - level figure skating competition organized by the Deutsche Eislauf - Union and held annually in Oberstdorf , Germany .
Celle ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtsɛlə ) ) is a town and capital of the district of Celle , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Plasencia is a walled market city in the province of Cáceres , Extremadura , Western Spain .
Köndələn ( also , Kendelyan ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jahadabad - e Narak ( Persian : جهادابادنارك‎ , also Romanized as Jahādābād - e Nārak ; also known as Jahādābād ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Plessur Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland .
Krvojevići ( Serbian : Крвојевићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The City Municipality of Celje ( pronounced ( ˈtsɛːljɛ ) ; Slovene : Mestna občina Celje ) is one of eleven city municipalities in Slovenia .
Swinburne University of Technology Sarawak Campus is the foreign branch campus of Swinburne University in Melbourne , Australia and is located in Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Samotorica ( pronounced ( samɔˈtoːɾitsa ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Hoseynabad - e Javaheri ( Persian : حسين ابادجواهري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Javāherī ; also known as Ḩoseīnābād and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Chaussée de Wavre ( French ) or Waversesteenweg ( Dutch ) in Brussels , Belgium is a major street crossing the municipalities of Ixelles , Etterbeek and Auderghem .
Lac du Bonnet ( North ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJS9 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northeast of Lac du Bonnet , Manitoba , Canada .
The Mearim River is a river in Maranhão state of northern Brazil .
Krężnica Jara ( krɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa ˈjara ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Akunk ( Armenian : Ակունք , also Romanized as Akunk '' and Akunq ; until 1935 , Kirkhbulag and Ghrkhbulagh ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Abdul Kalam Island , formerly known as Wheeler Island , is an island off the coast of Odisha , India , approximately 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from the state capital Bhubaneshwar .
The Thessaloniki Forum was an indoor sports arena located near Thessaloniki city centre , in Greece .
Kheyaru ( Persian : خيارو‎ , also Romanized as Kheyārū , Khīārū , Khiyaroo , and Khīyārū ) is a village in Chah - e Mobarak Rural District , Chah - e Mobarak District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Statue of Giordano Bruno , created by Ettore Ferrari , was erected at Campo de ' Fiori in Rome , Italy , in 1889 .
Xinjiang Normal University ( XJNU ; Uyghur : شىنجاڭ پىداگوگېكا ئۇنىۋېرسىتېتى ‎‎ ; Chinese : 新疆师范大学 ; pinyin : Xīnjiāng Shīfàn Dàxué ) is a university in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Łęg Rokietnicki is a river of Poland , a left tributary of the San .
Cluj - Napoca City Hall , located at 3 Moților Street , is the seat of government for Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
As with all towns in the United Kingdom , Leominster has a maritime climate , with mild winters and summers .
The Château de Fontenoy - le - Château is a ruined castle located in the commune of Fontenoy - le - Château in the Vosges département of north - eastern France .
The Colville Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of Mackenzie Sound and north of Broughton Island .
Styggforsen is a waterfall and a nature reserve in Dalarna County , Sweden .
Vancouver Harbour Flight Centre , previously Vancouver Harbour Water Airport or Vancouver Coal Harbour Seaplane Base ( IATA : CXH , ICAO : CYHC ) , is located at Coal Harbour in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology , Surat ( Hindi : सरदार वल्लभभाई राष्ट्रीय प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान , सूरत ) ( Gujarati : સરદાર વલ્લભભાઈ રાષ્ટ્રીય પ્રૌદ્યોગિકી સંસ્થાન ) popularly known as National Institute of Technology , Surat , NIT Surat or SVNIT , is an engineering institute of higher education established by the Parliament of India in 1961 .
Inner - Sildvikvatnet or Indre Sildvikvatnet ( Northern Sami : Ruoidnajávri ) is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Gmina Ruda Maleniecka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɾuda malɛˈɲɛt͡ska ) ) is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The National University of Advanced Legal Studies ( NUALS ) ( earlier National Institute for Advanced Legal Studies ) is a uni - disciplinary university in Kochi , India for undergraduate , graduate and post - graduate legal education .
Valley of the Ten Peaks ( French : Vallée des Dix Pics ) is a valley in Banff National Park in Alberta , Canada , which is crowned by ten notable peaks and also includes Moraine Lake .
Karimabad Qadim ( Persian : کريم آباد قديم‎ , also Romanized as Karīmābād Qadīm ; also known as Karīmābād ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen ( Championship of Flanders ) or Koolskamp Koerse is a single - day road bicycle race held annually in September in Koolskamp ( part - municipality of Ardooie ) , West Flanders , Belgium .
Bulanliq ( Persian : بولانليق‎ , also Romanized as Būlānlīq ; also known as Bolānlīq ) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Club Atlético Unión ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkluβ aˈtletiko uˈnjon ) ; mostly known as Unión de Santa Fe ( uˈnjon de santa ˈfe ) , CA Unión de Santa Fe or simply Unión ) is a sports club from Santa Fe , the capital city of the Santa Fe Province with the same name in Argentina .
Bazmaghbyur ( Armenian : Բազմաղբյուր , until 1949 , Takiya and Takia ; Russian : Bazmakhpyur ) is a village located in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Salignac - de - Mirambeau is a commune in the department in the Poitou - Charentes region in southwestern France .
Mohreh Nar Mohammad ( Persian : مهره نارمحمد‎‎ , also Romanized as Mohreh Nār Moḩammad ; also known as Mohrehnarmohammad ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Schifflange ( Luxembourgish : Schëffleng , German : Schifflingen ) is a commune and town in south - western Luxembourg .
The Transiting Planets and Planetesimals Small Telescope ( TRAPPIST ) is a Belgian , remote and robotic telescope in Chile , which came online in 2010 .
Mount Bwahit ( or Buahit , Bachit , Buiheat ) is a peak of the Semien Mountains in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
Banja Luka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бања Лука , pronounced ( bǎɲa lǔːka ) ) or Banjaluka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бањалука ) is the second largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina after the capital Sarajevo and is the largest city of the Republika Srpska entity .
The Möhlintal is a 10-kilometre long valley running between Möhlin and Wegenstetten in the Rheinfelden district of Canton Aargau , Switzerland .
Boullanger Island ( 30 ° 18′55``S 115 ° 00′13''E ) lies off the coast of Western Australia and covers an area of about 35 hectares ( 86 acres ) .
Paranavaí is a city in southern Brazil that was founded on December 14 , 1952 .
The Aguirre School ( Escuelas Aguirre ) , today also known as the Casa Árabe ( Arabic House ) , is a notable Neo - Mudéjar style building , located at Calle de Alcalá , 62 , Madrid , Spain .
The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) is the central bank of Switzerland , and so is therefore responsible for the monetary policy of the nation of Switzerland and also for the issuing of Swiss franc banknotes .
Pasonanca is a barangay of Zamboanga City , Philippines belonging to the First ( West ) Congressional district .
Sayel Mayel ( Persian : سايل مايل‎ , also Romanized as Sāyel Māyel ; also known as Posht Darband ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Qurama Mountains is a mountain range in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan and continues into Kyrgyzstan .
Phugla is a small valley near Taunsa Sharif in Pakistan .
Donsö is a small island in the Southern Göteborg Archipelago and a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Sorède ( Catalan : Sureda , that is cork oak wood ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Bitale ( Somali : Bitaale ) is a town in the central Hiran region of Somalia .
Footscray Town Hall , also known as Maribyrnong Town Hall since council amalgamations in the 1990s , is a civic building located on Napier Street in Footscray , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
Mavrovo Lake ( Macedonian : Мавровско Езеро , Mavrovsko ezero ) is situated in the Mavrovo region , in the Mavrovo and Rostuša municipality of the Republic of Macedonia , less than 100 km from Skopje .
Greek National Road 11 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 11 , abbreviated as EO11 ) is a dual carriageway in the Thessaloniki Urban Area in Central Macedonia , Greece .
Breisgau is an area in southwest Germany between the Rhine River and the foothills of the Black Forest .
DR-3 is one of three main dual carriageway highways of the Dominican Republic , connecting Santo Domingo to the eastern cities of the republic .
Arch of the Sergii is an Ancient Roman triumphal arch located in Pula , Croatia .
Sietland is a former Samtgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Cuxhaven , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Dunedin Southern Motorway is the main arterial route south from the South Island city of Dunedin , part of New Zealand 's State Highway 1 .
Borpop Airfield , also known as Huris Airfield , was an aerodrome located near Namatani , west of Borpop Harbour in New Ireland Province , Papua New Guinea .
Liverpool Speedway ( also known during its life as Liverpool International Speedway and Liverpool City Raceway ) was located in Green Valley , Western Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Kadoorie Agricultural High School is an agricultural school and youth village in Israel situated next to Mount Tabor in the Lower Galilee , two kilometers north of Kfar Tavor .
Benton Park View , located in High Heaton , a suburb of the City of Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom , is a multi - agency site of the UK Government .
The 2011 Hungarian Grand Prix , formally the XXVII Eni Magyar Nagydíj , was a Formula One motor race that was held on 31 July 2011 , at the Hungaroring in Mogyoród , near Budapest , Hungary It was the eleventh round of the 2011 Formula One season , and the 27th Hungarian Grand Prix .
Lipceni is a commune in Rezina district , Moldova that contains only one village , Lipceni .
The Bjørgan parsonage ( Norwegian : Bjørgan prestegård ) is a museum and former parsonage in Kvikne in the northern part of the municipality of Tynset in Hedmark county , Norway .
Haarby or Hårby is a town in central Denmark with a population of 2,460 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Pedrinate is a village and former municipality in Switzerland .
The Pescopagano massacre ( Italian : Strage di Pescopagano ) was a massacre perpetrated by the La Torre clan on 24 April 1990 in front of a bar in Pescopagano , in the municipality of Mondragone , located in the province of Caserta , Italy .
Voderady is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia .
Tomar ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tuˈmaɾ ) ) , also known in English as Thomar , is a city and a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal .
Harmileh ( Persian : هرميله‎ , also Romanized as Harmīleh ) is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Stevensons Island ( Te Peka Karara ) is a small 65-hectare ( 160-acre ) island in the Stevensons Arm section of Lake Wanaka , New Zealand .
Fasli ( Greek : Φάσλι ) is an abandoned Turkish Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 2 km south of Androlikou .
The Grassen is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located east of the Titlis in Central Switzerland .
Little Wanganui is a small settlement in the district of Karamea , New Zealand .
Mayumba National Park is a national park in southwestern Gabon .
The Skowkale First Nation or Skowkale Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region , near Sardis , part of Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Dimnići ( Serbian : Димнићи ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Brovari ( Ukrainian : Броварі , Polish : Browary ) is a village in the Buchach Raion ( district ) of the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Mallı - Şıxlı is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of central Azerbaijan .
Christiansø Fortress is one of the historic Norwegian fortresses , which commands the western approaches to Flekkerøy harbor , at Kristiansand municipality in Norway .
Naraina is a village in the New Delhi of in India .
Balakovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Балаково ) ( IATA : BWO , ICAO : UWSB ) is an airport in Russia located 19 km south of Balakovo .
Aluminé is a second class municipality and the capital city of Aluminé Department located in Neuquén Province , Argentina .
Assignats were paper money issued by the National Assembly in France from 1789 to 1796 , during the French Revolution .
Along with New Guinea , the Bismarck Archipelago and the Solomon Islands Archipelago , the Admiralty Islands were first inhabited approximately 40,000 years ago , in the initial wave of migration out of Southeast Asia that also populated Australia .
Fano Airport is an airport in Italy ( ICAO : LIDF ) .
Kyaikmaraw ( Burmese : ကျိုက်မရောမြို့ ; Mon : ကျာ်မြဟ် /caik pəròh/ ) is a town in the Mon State of south - east Myanmar .
The Museumplein ( Dutch pronunciation : ( myˌzeːʏmˈplɛin ) ; English : Museum Square ) is a public space in the borough Amsterdam South in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The College of Lamego is a private school owned by the Benedictine Order of the Portuguese province and located in the city of Lamego , Portugal , where students are taught the 2nd and 3rd cycle of basic education and secondary education .
Kalateh - ye Nazar Mohammad ( Persian : كلاته نظرمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Naz̧ar Moḩammad ; also known as Naz̧ar Moḩammad ) is a village in Jirestan Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Woroszyły ( vɔrɔˈʂɨwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lago Ravasanella is a lake in Piedmont , north - west Italy which straddles the provinces of Vercelli and Biella .
The Centre Pompidou - Metz is a museum of modern and contemporary arts located in Metz , capital of Lorraine , France .
Dve Viski ( Russian : Две виски ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 105 kilometers ( 65 mi ) from Chersky , the administrative center of the district and 60 kilometers ( 37 mi ) from Pokhodsk .
Bissau Cathedral ( Portuguese : Catedral de Bissau ) , also known as Sé Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Candelária ( Cathedral of Our Lady of Candelaria ) is a Christian cathedral in Bissau , Guinea - Bissau .
The Republican Party of São Paulo ( Portuguese : Partido Republicano Paulista , PRP ) was a Brazilian political party founded on April 18 , 1873 during the Itu Convention and sparked the first modern republican movement in Brazil .
Dolnja Topla Reber ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnja ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ ) ; German : Unterwarmberg ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Lotoko , also known by the slang term `` pétrole '' , is a home - distilled alcoholic drink or `` moonshine '' in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Kildevældsparken ( English is a small park in the outer Østerbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark . It is bounded by Vognmandsmarken / Bellmansgade and Borgervænget . It has an area of 0.77 hectares and contains a lake .
Dobrejance is a village in the municipality of Vranje , Serbia .
Strejaci ( pronounced ( ˈstɾeːjatsi ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia .
Agios Ioannis Rentis ( Greek : Άγιος Ιωάννης Ρέντης ) is a suburb and a former municipality in the western part of the Athens - Piraeus agglomeration , Greece .
Meyssiez ( formerly Meyssiès ) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France .
Waikanae Railway Station in Waikanae on the Kapiti Coast , New Zealand is the terminal station on the Kapiti Line for Tranz Metro 's electric multiple unit commuter trains from Wellington .
Queen Tamar Airport ( ICAO : UGMS ) , or Mestia Airport , is a small airport serving Mestia , a town in Samegrelo - Zemo Svaneti , Georgia .
Rihpojávri is a lake which lies in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county , Norway , just to the south of European route E8 .
Lakkon is a town and jamoat in northern Tajikistan .
Al - Shabatliyah ( Arabic : الشبطلية‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia .
Naveen Shahdara is an affluent residential area home to upper middle class and business class , located in North East Delhi district of Delhi , India .
Pretoria High School for Girls , also called Girls High or PHSG , is a public , fee charging , English medium high school for girls located in Hatfield , Pretoria , Gauteng , South Africa .
The Island of Montreal ( French : Île de Montréal , Kanien’kéha : Tiohtià : ke ) , in southwestern Quebec , Canada , is located at the confluence of the Saint Lawrence and Ottawa Rivers .
Circuit du Mas du Clos is a racing circuit in Mas du Clos , France .
Partizansk ( Russian : Партиза́нск ) is a town in Primorsky Krai , Russia , located on a spur of the Sikhote - Alin Mountains , about 170 kilometers ( 110 mi ) east of Vladivostok , the administrative center of the krai .
Aqa Kandi ( Persian : اقاكندي‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Kandī ; also known as Agakyandy , Āghā Kand , and Āq Kandī ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mokrovousy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmokrovou̯sɪ ) ; German : Nassenbart ) is a village in the Czech Republic , in Hradec Králové Region .
Nowe Ręczaje ( ˈnɔvɛ rɛnˈt͡ʂajɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ernestowo ( ɛrnɛsˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Ernsthof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Runosmäki ( Swedish Runosbacken ) is a district and a suburb of the city of Turku , Finland , located approximately six kilometres to the north of the city centre .
Kampong Seila District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់សីលា ) is a district ( srok ) in south - western Cambodia , which formerly belonged to Koh Kong Province .
Villa Maund is a villa in Schoppernau , Hopfreben in Vorarlberg , Austria , built for Sir John Oakley Maund ( died 10 June 1902 ) between 1891 and 1895 .
National Caotun Commercial & Industrial Vocational Senior High School ( simplified Chinese : 国立草屯高级商工职业学校 ; traditional Chinese : 國立草屯高級商工職業學校 ; CTCIHS ) , also known as National Tsaotun Commercial & Industrial Vocational Senior High School ( sometimes abbreviated TTVS ) , is located in the town of Caotun , Nantou County , Taiwan , Republic of China .
The Societé Anonyme Belge d'Exploitation de la Navigation Aérienne , ( French ; `` Belgian Corporation for Air Navigation Services '' ) , better known internationally by the acronym Sabena or SABENA , was the national airline of Belgium from 1923 to 2001 , with its base at Brussels National Airport .
The Cávado River ( Portuguese : rio Cávado ) is a river located in north Portugal .
Jebel Dair ( also Jabal ad - Dayr or Dair Mountain ) ( Arabic : جبل الدائر‎ ) is an igneous mountain in central Sudan .
Anguzhan ( Persian : انگوژان‎ , also Romanized as Angūzhān ) is a village in Naran Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gueltas ( Breton : Gweltaz ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
Lismore Base Hospital is the major referral public hospital for the far north coast of New South Wales , Australia , and is located in the city of Lismore .
Goleč ( pronounced ( ɡǒletʃ ) ) is an uninhabited islet in Croatia , part of the Elaphiti Islands archipelago off the coast of southern Dalmatia , near Dubrovnik .
The Cueva Murciélago Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge of Costa Rica , part of the Tempisque Conservation Area , and protects tropical forest in the coastal areas of the southern Nicoya Peninsula near Cabuya .
Rumeli Feneri , aka Türkeli Feneri , a historical lighthouse still in use , is located on the European side of Bosphorus ' Black Sea entrance in Istanbul , Turkey .
City Park Radio is a community radio station in Launceston , Tasmania , Australia , broadcasting on the frequency 103.7 FM and is a member of the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia .
Heddøla is a river in the municipalities Hjartdal and Notodden in Telemark , Norway .
Petre Bay is a large bay which comprises about half of the west coast of Chatham Island / Rekohu , the largest island in New Zealand 's Chatham Islands archipelago .
Tharaka - Nithi County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya located in Kenya 's former Eastern Province .
Rohrendorf bei Krems ( German for Tubin village by Krems ) is a municipality in the district of Krems - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Medzilaborce ( Hungarian : Mezőlaborc , Ukrainian : Меджилабірці , Medzhylabirtsi , Rusyn : Меджильабірці , Medžilabirci ) is a town in northeastern Slovakia close to the border with Poland , located near the towns of Sanok and Bukowsko ( in southeastern Małopolska ) .
The Geassocieerde Pers Diensten ( GPD ) was a Netherlands based news agency .
Illawarra Sports High School formerly Berkeley High School is a high school located in Berkeley , New South Wales , Australia .
Mołtowo ( mɔu̯ˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Moltow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Świątniki Górne ( ɕfʲɔntˈɲiki ˈɡurnɛ ) is a town in southern Poland , situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Kraków Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
Damwâld ( Dutch : Damwoude ) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland , in the Netherlands and has around 5600 citizens ( 2014 ) .
The Finlay Ranges are a mountain range in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Hammam Bourguiba ( Arabic : حمام بورقيبة ) is a mountain village in north - western Tunisia in the Jendouba Governorate situated 17 kilometers west of Ain Draham and 32 kilometers south of Tabarka .
Colosova ( Ukrainian : Колосове , Kolosove , Russian : Колосово , Kolosovo ) is a commune in the Grigoriopol District of Transnistria , Moldova .
Shakawe Airport ( IATA : SWX , ICAO : FBSW ) is an aerodrome serving Shakawe , a village in the North - West District of Botswana .
The Fort St. John Huskies are a Canadian Junior `` B '' Ice Hockey team based in Fort St. John , British Columbia , Canada .
Paaras is a bilingual ( Urdu and English ) family magazine published each month from Canada for the large Pakistani Canadian community in North America by Meridian Multimedia Network Inc.
Thonje is a village in the Himalayas of northern Nepal .
CHHO - FM is a French - language community radio format which operates at 103.1 MHz ( FM ) in Louiseville , Quebec , Canada , with rebroadcaster CHHO - FM-1 104.9 MHz in Saint - Alexis - des - Monts .
Wola Więcierzowa ( ˈvɔla vjɛnt͡ɕɛˈʐɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bielstein Tunnel ( German : Bielsteintunnel ) is a disused railway tunnel in Saxony - Anhalt in the Harz Mountains of Central Germany .
Toten is a traditional district in Oppland county in the eastern part of Norway .
The Jan Hus Memorial stands at one end of Old Town Square , Prague in the Czech Republic .
Chifley Tower is a premium skyscraper in Sydney , Australia .
Val Camonica ( also Valcamonica or Camonica Valley , local dialect : Al Camònega ) is one of the largest valleys of the central Alps , in eastern Lombardy , Italy .
Tirangore ( or Tarrangolle , Tirangole ) is a village in the Hiyala Payam of Torit county in the Eastern Equatoria State of South Sudan .
Tom Price Airport ( IATA : TPR , ICAO : YTMP ) is an airport near Tom Price , Western Australia .
Fribourg railway station ( French : Gare de Fribourg ; German : Bahnhof Freiburg i m Üechtland ) serves the municipality of Fribourg , capital of the canton of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Jeglia ( ˈjɛɡlja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Verin Charbakh ( also , Verin Ch’arbakh and Charbakh ) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan , Armenia .
Khiareh ( Persian : خياره‎ , also Romanized as Khīāreh and Kheyāreh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Irish Parachute Club ( IPC ) is located in Clonbullogue , County Offaly , in Ireland .
Stamnes Church ( Norwegian : Stamnes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vaksdal municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Lake Auksi is a lake in Viljandi County , Estonia , near the village of Auksi .
Fjällhyddan ( English : the Mountain Hut ) , also known as Jakthyddan ( English : the Hunting Hut ) and other variants of that name , was a building constructed in Uddevalla , Sweden , during the late 19th century .
Minthi ( Greek : Μίνθη , before 1927 : Άλβενα - Alvena ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipality of Zacharo , Elis , Greece .
Burigoalini is a village in Burigoalini Union of Shyamnagar Upazila in Satkhira District , Bangladesh that is located on the northwestern fringe of the Sundarbans forest .
Sholayur is a village in the Palakkad district , state of Kerala , India .
Hauerland ( also called Kremnitz - Deutschprobener Sprachinsel ) is the German name for a region presently located in central Slovakia once inhabited by Carpathian Germans .
Jonjaamji is located in a valley on the southwest ridge of Bulrae Oreum at the Yeongsil Track region of Hallasan on Jeju Island , South Korea .
Anzano di Puglia is a small town and comune in the province of Foggia and region of Apulia in southeast Italy .
The Stopera is a building complex in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , housing both the city hall of Amsterdam and the Dutch National Opera & Ballet , the principal opera house in Amsterdam that is home of Dutch National Opera , Dutch National Ballet and Holland Symfonia .
Ghazi - Barotha Hydropower Project ( Urdu : غازى بروتھا‎ ) is a 1,450 MW run - of - the - river hydropower connected to the Indus River about 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) west of Attock in Punjab , Pakistan .
Khalkhal Mahalleh - ye Jadid ( Persian : خلخال محله جديد‎ , also Romanized as Khalkhāl Maḩalleh - ye Jadīd ; also known as Khalkhālī Maḩalleh and Khalkhāl Maḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Laki Ghundaki is a village of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Hosu - dong ( Hangul : 호수동 ; hanja : 湖水洞 ) is neighbourhood of Danwon - gu , Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Kočevje ( pronounced ( kɔˈtʃeːu̯jɛ ) ; German : Gottschee ; Göttscheab or Gətscheab in the local Gottscheerish dialect ; Italian : Cocevie ) is a city in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Lutuhyne ( Ukrainian : Лутугине , Russian : Лутугино ) is a city in Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Hinterthal ( 1,000 metres or 3,281 feet above sea level ) is found approximately 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) to the east of Saalfelden and some 60 minutes southwest of the city of Salzburg , Austria .
Incheon Sungui Stadium was a multi - purpose stadium in Incheon , South Korea .
Sliven ( Bulgarian : Сливен ) is the eighth - largest city in Bulgaria and the administrative and industrial centre of Sliven Province and municipality .
The Magnetawan First Nation is an Ojibwe First Nation reserve in Britt , Ontario , Canada .
Mali Ban ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈbaːn ) ) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Apno ( pronounced ( ˈaːpnɔ ) ; in older sources also Apne ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ch'uxñuma ( Aymara ch'uxña green , uma water , `` green water '' , also spelled Chucñuma ) is a mountain in the northern extensions of the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Liepāja International Airport ( IATA : LPX , ICAO : EVLA ) is a regional airport in western Latvia which is certified for international air traffic .
Erzincan Airport ( IATA : ERC , ICAO : LTCD ) is an airport located in Erzincan , Turkey .
Pantelej ( Пантелеј ) is one of the municipalities in the City of Niš , Serbia .
Chah - e Dasht Mohammad Khan 15 ( Persian : چاه دشت محمدخان 15‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 15 ; also known as Hadaf ) is a village in Sahra Rural District , Anabad District , Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Investor Relations Society ( IR Society ) is the professional body for investor relations professionals in the United Kingdom .
Le Perray - en - Yvelines is a commune in the Yvelines department in the west of Île - de - France in north - central France .
Curusadi St. Antony 's Church , which is believed to be 400 years old , is near Nagercoil on the southern tip of India .
Ayodhya ( listen ; IAST Ayodhyā ) , also known as Saket , is an ancient city of India , believed to be the birthplace of Rama and setting of the epic Ramayana .
Langarisho ( Persian : لشگر شاه ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Schluchsee is a reservoir lake in the district of Breisgau - Hochschwarzwald , southeast of the Titisee in the Black Forest near Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany .
Visakha Museum ( Full name : Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation Museum ) is a museum located in the port city of Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh , India which houses the historical treasures and artifacts of the Kalingandhra region .
Vimperk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvɪmpɛrk ) ; German : Winterberg ) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Kin Ab ( Persian : كين اب‎ , also Romanized as Kīn Āb ; also known as Chenābgū ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Solenha is a proposed 12-megawatt ( MW ) Fresnel - lens , solar thermal power plant , located in Aspres - sur - Buëch , France .
Dihovo ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Дихово ) is a village about seven kilometers away from a center of Bitola , which is the second largest city in Macedonia .
The House of commerce , ( Icelandic : Hús verslunarinnar ) is an office tower located at Kringlan 7 near Kringlan shopping mall in Reykjavík , Iceland .
Annoatok or Anoritooq , located at 78 ° 33′N 72 ° 30′W , was a small hunting station in Greenland on Smith Sound about 24 km ( 15 mi ) north of Etah .
Farum is a town in the northeast of the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark , 20 km northwest of Copenhagen .
St. Francis Hospital Nkokonjeru , commonly referred to as Nkokonjeru Hospital , is a private , non - profit , community hospital in Uganda .
Potash produced from the Williston Basin makes Canada the world 's leading producer of that commodity .
Bothale Ihalagama is a village nearby Mirigama , Gampaha District , Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Kagalnitskaya ( Russian : Кагальницкая ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Kagalnitsky District of Rostov Oblast , Russia .
The Basarabița River is a tributary upstream of the Prăvăleni River in Romania .
Chittaranjan is a suburb of Asansol at Burdwan District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Craig Cove Airport is an airport in Craig Cove on Ambrym Island in Vanuatu ( IATA : CCV , ICAO : NVSF ) .
Skull Creek is a common name for a number of creeks and waterways in Australia .
Tylewice ( tɨlɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Tillendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay ( Danish : Ulkebugten ) is a bay of Davis Strait in the Qeqqata municipality on the western coast of Greenland .
Pain Sang Rizeh ( Persian : پايين سنگريزه‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Sang Rīzeh ) is a village in Esfivard - e Shurab Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The 32nd Chess Olympiad , organized by FIDE and comprising an open and a women 's tournament , took place between September 15 and October 2 , 1996 , in Yerevan , Armenia .
Bjørnskinn is a former municipality in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Årstabroarna ( English : The Årsta bridges ) are two parallel railway viaducts in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Zahrani River ( نهر زهراني ) is a river in Southern Lebanon .
Dobrošte ( Macedonian : Доброште , Albanian : Dobroshtë ) is a village situated in the northeastern side of Tetovo , Macedonia , within the 15-km of road along the Tetovo - Globocica highway .
Alegría - Dulantzi ( Spanish : Alegría , Basque : Dulantzi ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
Gramsh ( definite Albanian form : Gramshi ) is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County , central Albania .
Yeşilköy Feneri is a historical lighthouse still in use located on the northern coast of Sea of Marmara at Yeşilköy neighborhood in Istanbul 's Bakırköy district , Turkey .
Villa Gobernador Gálvez is a city in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina , located on the western ravine of the Paraná River , within the metropolitan area of Greater Rosario .
Pakmahar is a village in Jhalakati District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh .
Kwangju Foreign School is an international school in the city of Gwangju , South Korea .
Kalomo is a town in southern Zambia , lying north east of Livingstone , on the main road and railway line to Lusaka .
Hanöbukten , the Bight of Hanö is a sandy bay , stretching from Listerlandet in the north to Stenshuvud in the south , on the east coast of Skåne , South Sweden .
The Spiegelau Forest Railway ( German : Spiegelauer Waldbahn ) was a 600 mm ( 1 ft 11 5⁄8 in ) narrow gauge forest railway built for the transportation of logs from the woods around Spiegelau in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany .
H.A.S. Hanandjoeddin Airport or Buluh Tumbang Airport ( IATA : TJQ , ICAO : WIOD , formerly WIKD ) is an airport in Tanjung Pandan , Bangka - Belitung , Indonesia .
Stary Lubiel ( ˈstarɨ ˈlubjɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Waćmierek ( vat͡ɕˈmjɛrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dam Dim falls under Malbazar subdivision in Jalpaiguri district , West Bengal , India .
Výprachtice ( German : Weipersdorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Rowghan Garan ( Persian : روغن گران‎ , also Romanized as Rowghan Garān ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yakınca ( formerly Kileyik ) is a town in Yeşilyurt district of Malatya Province , Turkey .
Nevado de Chañi is a mountain in the Andes of the Jujuy Province in Argentina .
Beirut Arab University ( BAU ) ( Arabic : جـامعة بيروت العربية‎ ) is a Lebanese private university located in Beirut , Lebanon .
Bher Ahir is a village situated in the Gujar Khan Tehsil of Rawalpindi District , of Punjab , Pakistan .
Rahdar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان راهدار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Straža pri Krškem ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm ) ; German : Straža bei Sankt Lorenz ) is a small village in the hills above the left bank of the Sava River northwest of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Czarlona ( t͡ʂarˈlɔna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Narthaki ( Greek : Ναρθάκι ) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regiona unit , Thessaly , Greece .
London Health Sciences Centre is one of Canada 's largest acute - care teaching hospitals and a major trauma centre in London , Ontario .
Bni Chiker or Aït Chichar ( local Berber name : Ayt Ciker , ⴰⵢⵜ ⵛⵉⴽⴻⵔ ) is a town in Nador Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Ertis ( Kazakh : Ертіс ) is a selo in northern Kazakhstan .
Abu Feli ( Persian : ابوفيلي‎ , also Romanized as Abū Felī ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Canarian Coalition ( Spanish : Coalición Canaria , CC ) is a regionalist , Canarian nationalist , and conservative political party in Spain operating in the Canary Islands .
The Royal College Curepipe ( commonly known as RCC ) , located in the centre of the town of Curepipe , Mauritius , is a state boys - only secondary school .
The Sierra de Huétor and la Alfaguara Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Natural de la Sierra de Huétor y la Alfaguara ) is a natural park in Andalusia , Spain .
Juwangsan National Park ( Korean : 주왕산국립공원 , 周王山國立公園 ) is located in North Gyeongsang province , South Korea , and is part of the Taebaek mountain range .
Brauweiler Abbey ( German : Abtei Brauweiler ) is a former Benedictine monastery located at Brauweiler , now in Pulheim near Cologne , North Rhine - Westphalia , in Germany .
Kenjgewin Teg Educational Institute ( KTEI ) is an Aboriginal - owned and controlled post - secondary institution at M'Chigeeng First Nation , on Mnidoo Mnising Manitoulin Island , Ontario , Canada .
Lierbyen is the administrative center of Lier municipality in Buskerud county , Norway .
Mladenovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Младеново ) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
The Katun River ( Russian : Катунь , Altay : Кадын ) is a river in the Altai Republic and the Altai Krai of Russia .
Buzovna ( also , Busovny , Busowny , Buzouvna , and Buzovny ) is a settlement and municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Gandia ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ɡanˈdi.a ) , locally : ( ɡɐnˈdɪ.ɐ ) ; Spanish : Gandía ( ɡanˈdi.a ) ) is a city and municipality in the Valencian Community , Eastern Spain on the Mediterranean .
Cowichan River Provincial Park is a provincial park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Gutki ( ˈɡutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Galdogob ( Somali : Galdogob , Arabic : جلدغب‎ ) , also spelled Goldogob , is a town located in the north - central Mudug province of Somalia .
Noše ( pronounced ( ˈnoːʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement near Brezje in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
House at the Two Golden Bears ( Czech : Dům U Dvou zlatých medvědů ) is a historic house in the Old Town area of Prague , Czech Republic .
Turenki is a densely populated community in Janakkala , Finland .
Al - Qurayya ( Arabic : القريا‎ ; also spelled al - Qrayya or Kureiyeh ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the al - Suwayda Governorate , located south of al - Suwayda .
Varge Mondar is a small village located in Sintra , Portugal , which is well known for its unique architecture .
Valdivia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( balˈd̪iβja ) ) is a city and commune in southern Chile , administered by the Municipality of Valdivia .
Bebrene Manor ( Latvian : Bebrenes muiža , German : Rittergut Bewern ) is a manor house in Bebrene , Ilūkste municipality , Latvia , in the historical region of Selonia .
City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto is a World Heritage Site in Italy , which protects buildings by the architect Andrea Palladio .
AS Oslo Sporveier is a defunct municipal owned company responsible for public transport in Oslo , Norway .
Kaédi ( Arabic : كيهيدي‎ ) is the largest city and administrative center of the Gorgol region of Southern Mauritania .
Reiderland ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɛidərˌlɑnt ) ( ) ) is a former municipality in the province Groningen in the northeastern Netherlands , which was founded in 1990 during a large municipal reorganization .
Blagoevgrad ( Bulgarian : Благоевград ) is а city in southwestern Bulgaria , the administrative centre of Blagoevgrad Municipality and of Blagoevgrad Province , with a population of 70,881 inhabitants ( as of 2011 ) .
Hajji Beyg ( Persian : حاجي بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beyg and Ḩājī Beyg ; also known as Hāji Bāgh , Ḩājjī Bāgh , and Ḩājjī Beyk ) is a village in Malmir Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Belo Brdo mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in Kosovo and Serbia .
The Canton of Ailly - le - Haut - Clocher is a former canton situated in the department of the Somme and in the Picardie region of northern France .
Nepean Creek Park is a linear watershed park , in Ottawa , Canada .
Montréal ( City of ) v 2952 - 1366 Québec Inc , ( 2005 ) 3 S.C.R. 141 , 2005 SCC 62 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on freedom of expression under section 2(b ) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Kommeno ( Greek : Κομμένο ) is a village and a former community in the Arta regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Eresos - Antissa ( Greek : Ερεσός-Άντισσα ) is a former municipality on the island of Lesbos , North Aegean , Greece .
The Palace of Charles V is a Renaissance building in Granada , southern Spain , located on the top of the hill of the Assabica , inside the Nasrid fortification of the Alhambra .
Godrej BKC ( Bandra - Kurla Complex ) is a project by Godrej Properties Limited developed in partership with Jet Airways located in Mumbai , India .
Wizard Reef ( French : Récif Wizard ) is a coral reef in the Farquhar Group in the Outer Islands of the Seychelles .
Chiruk ( Persian : چيروك‎ , also Romanized as Chīrūk ; also known as Chīrūk - e Bālā ) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District , Deyhuk District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qinnasrin ( Arabic : قنسرين‎ ; Syriac : ܩܢܫܪܝܢ‎ , Qinnašrīn ) , also known by numerous other romanizations and originally known as Chalcis - on - Belus ( Latin : Chalcis ad Belum ; Greek : Χαλκὶς , Khalkìs ) , was a historical town in northern Syria .
The Sajikdan is a Korean Neo - Confucian altar located in Seoul , South Korea used to perform the national soil and grain ceremonies during the Joseon Dynasty .
The Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard was a Royal Navy Dockyard from 1788 to 1853 in Kingston , Ontario , Canada , at the site of the current Royal Military College of Canada .
Gaston Berger University ( GBU ) , or L'Université Gaston Berger ( UGB ) , located some 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) outside Saint - Louis , was the second university established in Senegal ( the first being Cheikh Anta Diop University ) .
Lefkogeia ( Greek : Λευκόγεια ) is a village in the municipal unit of Foinikas , Rethymno regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Serovo ( Russian : Серо́во ; Finnish : Vammelsuu ) is a municipal settlement in Kurortny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia , located on the Karelian Isthmus , on the northern shore of the Gulf of Finland , where the Roshchinka River empties into the gulf .
Torre del Mar is a locality on the southern coast of Spain , part of the municipality of Vélez - Málaga , Axarquía , located in the province of Málaga .
Rohel ( West Frisian : Reahel ) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Zanaga is a city and capital of Zanaga District in the Lékoumou Region of northeastern Republic of the Congo .
King Mongkut 's University of Technology Thonburi ( KMUTT , มหาวิทยาลัยเทคโนโลยีพระจอมเกล้าธนบุรี ) is a leading technology academy in Thailand , focusing on teaching and researching in engineering and technology as well as serving industry .
Sadınlar ( also , Sadynlar ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Beihai ( postal : Pakhoi ; Chinese : 北海 ) is a prefecture - level city in the south of Guangxi , People 's Republic of China .
Cloughoughter Castle is a ruined circular castle , situated on a small island in Lough Oughter , 4 kilometres east of the town of Killeshandra in County Cavan , Ireland .
The Galenki RT-70 radio telescope is an RT-70 telescope at the East Center for Deep Space Communications , Galenki ( Ussuriysk ) , Russia .
Stepnica ( stɛpˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Bad Stepenitz ) is a town in Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Catacomb of Priscilla on the Via Salaria in Rome , Italy , is situated in what was a quarry in Roman times .
Bamba Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand , India .
Sultan Ibrahim Mosque is the district mosque of Kuala Selangor , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Battle of Parabiago was fought in February 1339 near Parabiago , in Lombardy , northern Italy , between the Milanese army and the St. George 's ( San Giorgio ) Mercenaries of Lodrisio Visconti .
Sorrento Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Sorrento , Cattedrale dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sorrento in the south of Italy , dedicated to Saints Philip and James .
Agdzhakishlag or Aghjaghshlagh is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia .
Wińsko ( ˈviɲskɔ ) ( German : Winzig ) is a village in Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Košická Nová Ves ( Hungarian : Kassa - Ujfalu ) is a city ward of Košice , Slovakia .
Shri Durga Devi temple , Guhagar ( देवनागरी : श्री दुर्गादेवी , गुहागर ) is an ancient temple located at Guhagar , a taluka place in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra state in India .
St Michael 's Parish School ( aka St Michael 's Primary School ) is a Catholic co - ed primary school located in Ashburton , Victoria Australia .
Soyosan Station is a ground - level metro station on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Sangbongam Dong , Dongducheon , South Korea .
Rottumeroog ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌrɔtʏmərˈoːx ) ) is an uninhabited island in the Wadden Sea and is part of the Netherlands .
Selwanówka ( sɛlvaˈnufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gigen ( Bulgarian : Гиген , pronounced ( ɡiˈɡɛn ) ) is a village in northern Bulgaria , part of Gulyantsi Municipality , Pleven Province .
The 500 seat Imperial Room is a major events venue at the Royal York Hotel in Toronto , Canada .
Kusiji ( Persian : كوسيجي‎ , also Romanized as Kūsījī ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Orlík Dam ( Czech : Vodní nádrž Orlík ) is the largest hydroelectric dam in the Czech Republic .
The Scuola del Teatro Stabile di Torino , located in Turin , Italy , is a Performing Arts Academy which was founded in 1955 by Italian director Luca Ronconi .
KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkʂɔ ɔsˈtrɔvʲɛt͡s ɕfʲɛntɔˈkʂɨskʲi ) ) is a Polish football club based in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski , Poland .
El Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkam dəŋ ɡɾəˈsɔt i ˈɣɾasiə ˈnɔβə ) ) is a borough in the city of Barcelona in Catalonia in Spain .
Valsta is a suburban area in the vicinity of Märsta , north of Stockholm , Sweden .
Ovar ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɔˈvaɾ ) or ( oˈvaɾ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Aveiro District , Baixo Vouga Subregion in Portugal .
Bażyny ( baˈʐɨnɨ ) ( German : Basien , Baysen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cahul ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kaˈhul ) ; also known by other alternative names ) is a city in southern Moldova .
Gmina Nisko is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Subhash vihar is a residential area of the Northeast Delhi district of Delhi , India , near Bhajanpura and Yamuna vihar .
Sittersdorf ( Slovene : Žitara vas ) is a town in the district of Völkermarkt in Carinthia in south - central Austria .
H. Hasan Aroeboesman Airport ( IATA : ENE , ICAO : WATE ) , also known as Ende Airport or Isi Airport , is an airport in Ende , Flores , East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
Salten District Court ( Norwegian : Salten tingrett ) is a district court for the region of Salten in Nordland , Norway .
Trial Bay is a broad bay on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Thiruvankulam is a suburb of the city of Kochi , in the state of Kerala , India .
Ch'uch'u ( Aymara for cold , cold liquid , also spelled Chuchu ) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Oskrt ( pronounced ( ɔˈskəɾt ) ) is a small settlement west of Vrh pri Fari in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Batangafo is a town located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Ouham at the confluence of Ouham River and its affluent Fafa .
Sabana de la Mar , usually spelt in English as Savana de la Mar , is a town in the Hato Mayor province of the Dominican Republic .
Cerro Chirripó is the highest mountain in Costa Rica , with an elevation of 3,820 metres ( 12,533 ft ) .
Qantumayu ( Quechua qantu , qantus , qantuta a plant ( Cantua buxifolia ) , mayu river , hispanicized spelling Cantumayo ) is a river in Peru located in the Arequipa Region , Caylloma Province , Coporaque District .
Union Sportive Médina Chéraga , known as USM Chéraga for short , is an Algerian football club located in Chéraga , Algeria .
Strand Fiord Pass ( 79 ° 16′07``N 88 ° 45′00''W ) is a mountain pass on southern Axel Heiberg Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Boričevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Боричевац ) or Borićevac is a village in Croatia .
Rypałki Prywatne ( rɨˈpau̯ki prɨˈvatnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Nieświń ( ˈɲeɕfiɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Upper Svir Hydroelectric Station ( Russian : Верхнесвирская ГЭС ) is a hydroelectric station on the Svir River located in the town of Podporozhye , Leningrad Oblast , in northwestern Russia .
De Valkenier ( English : The falconer ) is an amusement park in the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul , in the province of Limburg , Netherlands .
Oneglia ( Inéja in Ligurian ) was a town in northern Italy on the Ligurian coast that was joined to Porto Maurizio to form the Comune of Imperia in 1923 .
Karimganj became a subdivision of Sylhet District of British India in late nineteenth century .
Kalateh - ye Jovin ( Persian : كلاته جوين‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Jovīn ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The state 's main institution of learning , Universiti Malaysia Sabah , is located in a coastal part of Manggatal sub - district .
Mehran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مهران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Naviti ( pronounced ( naˈβitʃi ) ) is a volcanic island in the Yasawa Group , in the Western Division of Fiji .
Qaravolkhaneh ( Persian : قراولخانه‎ , also Romanized as Qarāvolkhāneh and Qarāvol Khāneh ) is a village in Chaman Rural District , Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Talaf Gir ( Persian : تلفگير‎ , also Romanized as Talaf Gīr ; also known as Talaf Gard and Talaf Gerd ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Catacomb of San Pancrazio ( also called of Ottavilla ) is a catacomb of Rome ( Italy ) , located in the Via Aurelia , within the modern Quartiere Gianicolense .
Vilakkupara ( Malayalam-വിളക്കുപാറ ) is a village in Kollam District , Kerala State , India .
Union Makes the Nation ( French : L'Union fait la Nation , abbreviated UN or the Union ) is an alliance of opposition political parties in Benin .
Mokrous ( Russian : Мокроус ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Fyodorovsky District of Saratov Oblast , Russia .
Ostrowieczko ( ɔstrɔˈvjɛt͡ʂkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Prats - du - Périgord is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwest France .
The Castle of Buitrago del Lozoya ( Spanish : Castillo de Buitrago del Lozoya ) is a castle located inside the walls of Buitrago del Lozoya , Community of Madrid region , Spain .
Repnik ( Serbian : Репник ) is a village in the municipality of Banovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ettingen ( Swiss German : Ettige ) is a municipality in the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland .
Redeemer Baptist Church is a Baptist Christian church formed in 1974 when around 30 families broke away from Castle Hill Baptist Church in Sydney , Australia , to form their own church .
The Millennium Park Bus Depot is a major bus station located in Delhi , India .
Clinical Hospital Dubrava ( Croatian : Klinička bolnica Dubrava ) is a public teaching hospital in Zagreb , Croatia .
The Oyodogawa Dams ( Japanese : 大淀川第一ダム ) are two dams as part of a hydroelectric power station in Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan .
Kivach Falls ( Russian : Кивач , from Karelian kiivas , `` impetuous '' ) is a 10.7-m - high cascade waterfall in Russia .
German submarine U-2324 was a highly advanced submarine built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine in World War II . U-2324 was one of the last commissioned boats to undertake an operational patrol , and one of just three of her class to undergo two .
Export of `` Australia Pure '' , a bottled water from Cardinia Reservoir , commenced in 1993 to several European countries and the United States of America .
Mount Raukumara is the northernmost major peak in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Tàrbena ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈtaɾβena ) , Spanish : Tárbena ) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Baixa , Alicante , Valencia , Spain .
Centar Župa ( Macedonian : Центар Жупа ; Turkish : Merkez Jupa ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia , inhabited chiefly by Turks .
Enqelab Street is a major trunk route in Tehran , Iran connecting Enqelab square to Imam Hossein Square .
Chisht , also written Chisht - e Sharif , Chesht - i Sharif or Chesht is a town near Herat in Afghanistan .
The Peneda - Gerês National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional da Peneda - Gerês ) , also known simply as Gerês , is the only national park in Portugal ( although many natural parks , protected landscapes , and reserves exist across the nation ) .
Babol University of Medical Sciences ( BUMS ) ( Persian : دانشگاه غلوم پزشکی بابل‎ ) , is a medical sciences university in the city of Babol , Mazandaran province , Iran .
The Pezzata Rossa d'Oropa is a cattle breed from the provinces of Vercelli and Biella in the Piedmont region of Italy .
Dārziņi is part of Riga , the capital of Latvia .
Paris - Sorbonne University ( also known as Paris IV ; French : Université Paris - Sorbonne , Paris IV ) , is a public research university in Paris , France .
The Socialist Union of Popular Forces , USFP , ( Arabic : الاتحاد الاشتراكي للقوات الشعبية Al - Ittihad Al - Ishtirakiy Lilqawat Al - Sha'abiyah , French : Union Socialiste des Forces Populaires ) is a social - democratic political party in Morocco .
Les Grandes - Ventes is a commune in the Seine - Maritime department in the Haute - Normandie region in northern France .
The Borgo Sant'Antonio Abate ( said Bùvero in Neapolitan ) is a neighborhood in Naples , Italy .
Narimadakkel is a place in Wandoor , Malappuram , Kerala , India .
The Vis - en - Artois Memorial is a World War I memorial located near the commune of Vis - en - Artois , in the Pas - de - Calais département of France .
Juanicó is a small industrial town located 35 km north of Montevideo , within the Canelones Department , Uruguay .
Castiglione delle Stiviere is a town and comune in the province of Mantua , in Lombardy , Italy , 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) northwest of Mantua by road .
Trpinje ( Cyrillic : Трпиње ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sikh Village earlier known as Sikhul thota is a small suburb in Secunderabad , India .
Dushintsi ( Bulgarian : Душинци ) is a village in western Bulgaria .
Gwangju National University of Education ( also Kwangju National University of Education 광주교육대학교 ) is a national university located in Buk - gu , Gwangju , South Korea .
Masseube ( Masseuva in Gascon ) is a commune in the Gers department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southwestern France .
Firebase Maureen ( also known as Hill 980 ) is a former U.S. Army firebase in the A Sầu Valley southwest of Huế in central Vietnam .
Uppland Runic Inscription 993 or U 993 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Brunnby , which is one kilometer west of Gunsta , Uppsala County , Sweden , which was part of the historical province of Uppland .
Melouseia ( Greek : Μελούσεια ; Turkish : Kırıkkale ) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , about 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) east of Athienou .
Psyri or Psiri or Psyrri or Psirri ( Greek : Ψυρή or Ψυρρή , pronounced ( psiˈri ) ) is a gentrified neighbourhood in Athens , Greece , today known for its restaurants , bars , live music tavernas , and small number of hotels .
Village Green Centre is a 364,474 square leasable foot shopping mall located in Vernon , British Columbia , Canada , in the Okanagan Valley .
Újszilvás is a village and commune in the county of Pest in Hungary .
The Eldon Range is a mountain range located in the west coast region of Tasmania , Australia .
La Vall d'Uixó ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈvaʎ dujˈʃo ) , also known as Vall - llarga , Vall del Duc or simply as La Vall ; Spanish : Vall de Uxó ) is a town situated in eastern Spain , in the Valencian province of Castelló .
The Ossola ( ˈɔssola ) ( also Valle Ossola or Val d’Ossola ) is an area of Italy situated to the north of Lago Maggiore .
Lake Assad ( Arabic : بحيرة الأسد‎ , Buhayrat al - Assad ) is a reservoir on the Euphrates in Ar - Raqqah Governorate , Syria .
The Action libérale nationale ( ALN , in English : National Liberal Action ) was a short - lived provincial political party in Quebec , Canada .
The Autovía A-67 is a highway in north west Spain .
Hólar ( Hólar í Hjaltadal ) is a small community located in the Skagafjörður district and situated in northern Iceland .
Ponta Delgada ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpõtɐ ˌðɛɫˈɣaðɐ ) ) is the largest municipality and administrative capital of the Autonomous Region of the Azores in Portugal .
Różynka ( ruˈʐɨnka ) ( German Rosengarth ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Puerto Morazán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpweɾto moɾaˈsan ) ) is a municipality in the Chinandega department of Nicaragua .
Katarapko Wood Camp was a World War II prisoner of war camp , located on Katarapko Island , on the River Murray near Loxton , in South Australia 's Riverland .
Buverchy is an unincorporated city in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France .
Forest - South railway station ( French : Gare de Forest - Midi , Dutch : Station Voorst - Zuid ) is a railway station in the municipality of Forest in Brussels , Belgium .
Aviel ( Hebrew : אֲבִיאֵל ) is a small and pastoral moshav in northern Israel .
Chascomús is the principal city in Chascomús Partido in eastern Buenos Aires Province of Argentina , located 123 km ( 76 mi ) south of the capital Buenos Aires .
Kiraste is a village in Tõstamaa Parish , Pärnu County , in southwestern Estonia .
Mazraehabad ( Persian : مزرعه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``ehābād ) is a village in Khomeh Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Per Brahe Secondary School ( Swedish : Per Brahegymnasiet ) is a secondary school in Jönköping , Sweden with traditions back to the 17th century .
Likhoslavl ( Russian : Лихосла́вль ) is a town and the administrative center of Likhoslavlsky District in Tver Oblast , Russia , located on the Moscow--
Upplands Lokaltrafik ( UL ) is the primary operator of public transport buses and trains at the county level ( Swedish : länstrafik ) in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Beli Potok pri Frankolovem ( pronounced ( ˈbeːli ˈpɔːtɔk pɾi fɾaŋˈkoːlɔʋɛm ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Stratford Power Station is a 575 MW power station located east of Stratford , Taranaki , New Zealand .
Wesley College , Colombo , popularly known as `` Wesley '' or `` WCC '' is a private school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka .
Viersen is the capital of the district of Viersen , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Taivassalo ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈtɑiʋɑˌsːɑlo ) ; Swedish : Tövsala ) is a municipality of Finland .
Dərəcənnət ( also , Dərəcənnətli ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mojanda is an inactive stratovolcano of the Eastern Cordillera of the Andes in northern Ecuador .
Antalya Büyükşehir Belediyesi Spor Kulübü ( English : Antalya Greater Metropolitan Municipality Sports Club ) also known simply as Antalya BB is a basketball team based in the city of Antalya in Turkey that plays in the Turkish Basketball League .
Glažnja ( Macedonian : Глажња ) is a village in northeastern Republic of Macedonia , in the municipality of Lipkovo .
Chulabhorn Research Institute is a biomedical and chemistry research institute in Bangkok , Thailand .
Wola Zbrożkowa ( ˈvɔla zbrɔʂˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Figueira da Foz ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fiˈɣɐjɾɐ ðɐ ˈfɔʃ ) ) , also known as Figueira for short , is a city and a municipality in the Coimbra District , in Portugal .
Fada N'gourma , also written Fada - Ngourma , or Noungu is a city and an important market town in eastern Burkina Faso , lying 219 kilometres ( 136 mi ) east of Ouagadougou , in the Gourmantché area .
Siekierki Power Station ( Polish : ' Elektrociepłownia Siekierki ' ) is a combined heat and power plant at Augustówka in Warsaw , Poland .
The Valea Nisipului River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River in the city of Braşov , Romania .
The basilica of San Vincenzo in Prato is a church in Milan , northern Italy .
Mumali Qeshlaq ( Persian : موملي قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Mūmalī Qeshlāq ; also known as Mūmalī ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Brumetz is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
São Lourenço da Serra ( Portuguese for `` Saint Lawrence of the mountain '' ) is a suburban municipality in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Arlau ( Danish : Arlå ) is a river of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Zeeland Library ( Zeeuwse Bibliotheek ) , located at Kousteensedijk 7 , Middelburg in the Netherlands , is the official library of the province of Zeeland and is also the official academic library of the Roosevelt Academy .
Lyubertsy ( Russian : Люберцы ; IPA : ( ˈlʲʉbʲɪrtsɨ ) ) is a city and the administrative center of Lyuberetsky District in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Jumbo Shopping Centre ( Finnish : Kauppakeskus Jumbo ) , commonly referred to as simply Jumbo , is a shopping center in Vantaa , Finland .
Helsingør Municipality ( a variant English name : Elsinore Municipality ; Danish : Helsingør Kommune ) , is a municipality in the Capital Region on the northeast coast of the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in eastern Denmark .
Špania Dolina is a village and municipality in central Slovakia , near the city of Banská Bystrica .
Praia dos Açores is a beach - side district on the south side of the Island of Santa Catarina in the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil .
The Technical University of Varna ( Bulgarian : Технически университет -- Варна , often abbreviated as ТУ -- Варна , TU -- Varna ) is a state university in Varna , Bulgaria , founded in 1962 .
The Marianne et l'Europe series or Marianne of Beaujard series was a definitive postage stamp series , issued on 1 July 2008 in Metropolitan France and the four overseas departments .
The residents of the City of Carlisle are represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom by Members of Parliament ( MPs ) for two parliamentary constituencies .
Bilbao British Cemetery is located in Sondika , in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of the Basque Country , northern Spain .
Liuying Station ( Chinese : 柳營車站 ; pinyin : Liǔyíng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Liuying District , Tainan , Taiwan .
Cheshmeh - ye Abek ( Persian : چشمه ابك‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Ābek ; also known as Cheshm Ābek ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sharora ( Persian : شراره‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Brookland Hall is a centre for community mental health services in Bristol , United Kingdom .
Scheringa Museum of Realist Art is a museum in Spanbroek , North Holland , the Netherlands that houses around five hundred works of the 20th - century art mainly realist art and contemporary .
Taor ( Macedonian : Таор ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia .
Sebelas Maret University ( Indonesian : Universitas Sebelas Maret ) is an Indonesian public university in the suburban area of Surakarta , Central Java , Indonesia .
Dobrotino ( before 1934 : Dag chiflik ) is a mountainous roadside village in Gotse Delchev Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Schiermonnikoog ( ( ˌsxiːrmɔnəkˈoːx ) ; West Frisian : Skiermûntseach ) is an island , a municipality , and a national park in the northern Netherlands .
Gialia ( Greek : Γιαλιά , Turkish : Yayla ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 11 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous .
Tuyserkan ( Persian : تويسركان‎ , also Romanized as Tūyserkān , Tooyserkan , Tūīsarkān , and Tūysarkān ) is a city in and capital of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Cape Agulhas ( /əˈɡʌləs/ ; Portuguese : Cabo das Agulhas ( ˈkaβu ðɐz ɐˈɣuʎɐʃ ) , `` Cape of the Needles '' ) is a rocky headland in Western Cape , South Africa .
Siberian Federal University ( Russian : Сибирский федеральный университет , Sibirskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet , often shortened to SibFU , СФУ ) is a modern multidisciplinary university located in the eastern part of Russia , Krasnoyarsk , that combines fundamental and applied research and teaching .
Deh Kohneh - ye Kamaraj ( Persian : ده كهنه كمارج‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kohneh - ye Kamāraj ; also known as Deh Kohneh ) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District , Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Canal de l'Est ( French : `` canal of the east '' ) is a canal in northeastern France .
Cybina is a river in Greater Poland , the right affluent of Warta .
Ente Radio Trieste was the public service radio broadcaster of the Free Territory of Trieste .
Metzingen is a Swabian city with about 22,000 inhabitants , in the state of Baden - Württemberg in the southwest of Germany , 30 km ( 19 mi ) south of Stuttgart .
Rukumkot Chaurjahari Airport ( IATA : RUK , ICAO : VNCJ ) is an airport serving Chaurjahari , a town in the Rukum district of the Rapti zone in Nepal .
Roybon ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁwa.bɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France .
Babaratma ( also , Babaratly ) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Dibër Street ( Albanian : Rruga e Dibrës , formerly Rruga Bajram Curri ) is a major street in Tirana , Albania .
In 1860 Gubbio was incorporated into the Kingdom of Italy along with the rest of the Papal States .
The Ton Pariwat Wildlife Sanctuary ( Thai : เขตรักษาพันธุ์สัตว์ป่าโตนปริวรรต ) is located in the north of Mueang Phang Nga district , Phang Nga Province , southern Thailand .
The Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada ( SSHRC ) is the federal research - funding agency that promotes and supports postsecondary - based research and training in the humanities and social sciences .
Alattuchira is in Ernakulam district , Kerala , India , ss situated 2 km east of Kodanad .
Rethel ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁə.tɛl ) ) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France .
Sihuas is a town in the Sihuas District of the Sihuas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru .
The Whau River is an estuarial arm of the southwestern Waitemata Harbour ( rather than a river ) within the Auckland metropolitan area in New Zealand .
Kåkbrinken ( Swedish : `` The ( Ramshackle ) House Slope '' ) is a street in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Ogroble ( ɔˈɡrɔblɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Trollheimen is a mountain range in Møre og Romsdal and Sør - Trøndelag counties in central Norway .
Memollaj is a locality situated in the central plains of Albania 's Western Lowlands region .
Sandbaai ( or Sand Bay ) is a town of approximately 4,000 people on the south coast of the Western Cape province in South Africa .
Podolševa ( pronounced ( pɔˈdoːu̯ʃɛʋa ) or ( pɔˈdoːlʃɛʋa ) ; formerly Sveti Duh , German : Heiligengeist ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Solčava in northern Slovenia .
Amjaz ( Persian : امجز‎ ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Toronto Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Halton Hills , Ontario , Canada .
Głóski ( ˈɡwuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sataniv ( Ukrainian : Сатанів ) is an urban - type settlement in the Horodok Raion , Khmelnytskyi Oblast , Ukraine .
Qeru Chay ( Persian : قرو چاي‎ , also Romanized as Qerū Chāy ; also known as Karreh Chīyeh , Kurreh Chīa , Qūrī Chā’ī , Qūrīchā’ī , and Qūrī Chāy ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Osiedle Tysiąclecia ( District of a 1000-year anniversary ) is a district of Katowice and one of the largest districts in Poland .
Puduchatram block is a revenue block in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Puu - Käpylä ( `` wood Käpylä '' ) ( Swedish `` Trädkottby '' ) is well known as the earliest example in Finland of the Garden City Movement .
The Chitra River is located in southwestern Bangladesh .
The City of Melbourne is a local government area in Victoria , Australia , located in the central city area of Melbourne .
The Gergovie plateau is a plateau of the Massif Central located 10 km to the south of Clermont - Ferrand , Puy - de - Dôme , Auvergne , France and is named after the nearby village of Gergovie .
Ganjineh - ye Zaruni ( Persian : گنجينه ضروني‎ , also Romanized as Ganjīneh - ye Ẕarūnī ; also known as Gajīneh , Ganjīneh , and Gūjīneh ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Established in 1908 , Bagsværd Boarding School is one of Denmark 's best - known private schools .
The Château de Busset is a castle which has been developed into a château in the commune of Busset in the Allier département of France .
Melanówek ( mɛlaˈnuvɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Savoia Castle or Škvorec Castle ( Squorz , Schkworetz ) , is a castle located in small market town of Škvorec , about 23 kilometres ( 14 mi ) east of Prague in the Czech Republic .
Zacharo beach ( Greek : Παραλία Ζαχάρως ) , is the name of a beach that is located in the vicinity of Zacharo , in Southwestern Greece .
4MBS Classic FM has a loose affiliation with a number of similar independently owned and operated stations in other parts of Australia , including 2MBS Sydney , 3MBS Melbourne , 5MBS Adelaide and ArtSound FM Canberra .
Warsheikh ( Somali : Warsheekh , Arabic : وأرشيخ‎ ) is a town in the southeastern Middle Shebelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) region of Somalia .
Bojnord Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه بجنورد‎‎ ) ( IATA : BJB , ICAO : OIMN ) is an airport serving Bojnord ( also spelled Bojnourd or Bojnurd ) , the capital city of the North Khorasan province in Iran .
The Entertainment X'nter ( also known as e'X , Plaza e'X , or Plaza Indonesia e'X ) was a shopping mall located in Menteng , Central Jakarta directly beside the Japanese Embassy .
Montesilvano ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˌmontesilˈvaːno ) ) is a town and comune of the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Kamo Wildlife Sanctuary ( formerly Zion Wildlife Gardens / Kingdom of Zion ) is a privately owned zoo located near Kamo , Whangarei , New Zealand , currently sited at the former Zion Wildlife Gardens property .
Hvalfjörður ( Icelandic : Whale - fjord ) is situated in the west of Iceland between Mosfellsbær and Akranes .
The Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences , ( PIMS ) is a multi - speciality hospital and teaching institute at Kalapet , in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Peretychikha ( Russian : Переты́чиха ) is a village ( selo ) in Terneysky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia , located on the Yedinka River near the Samarga River .
Glinik Górny ( ˈɡlʲiɲik ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Drače ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драче ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The coastline of the Gulf of Morrosquillo is shared by the departments of Sucre in Cordoba on the north of Colombia .
The YoungIn Museum of Literature is a literature museum in Pyeongchang - dong , Jongno - gu , Seoul in South Korea .
Amboangibe or Amboahangibe is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in northern Madagascar .
Suifenhe ( simplified Chinese : 绥芬河 ; traditional Chinese : 綏芬河 ; pinyin : Suífēnhé ) , is a county - level city in southeastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China , located situated where the former Chinese Eastern Railway crosses the border with Russia 's town of Pogranichny , Primorsky Krai .
Hunjiang District ( simplified Chinese : 浑江区 ; traditional Chinese : 渾江區 ; pinyin : Húnjiāng Qū ) is a district of the city of Baishan , Jilin , People 's Republic of China .
Dehqanan ( Persian : دهقانان‎ , also Romanized as Dehqānān ; also known as Dehghanan ) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Midtown Grand is a hotel in Hisar city of Haryana , India .
Tokmok Airport ( Kyrgyz : Токмок аэропорту , Russian : Токмакский аэропорт ) ( IATA : none ( ТКМ ) , ICAO : UAFF ) is an airport outside of Tokmok , a town in the Chuy Province ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
Yariguíes National Park ( Spanish : Serranía de los Yariguíes ) is a natural park in north central Colombia .
The Colchester Gladiators were formed in October 1983 by a group of friends at a time when American football first started to attract interest in the United Kingdom .
Munkbron ( Swedish : `` Monk 's Bridge '' ) is a public square on the western waterfront of Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Lieksan Hurtat is an ice hockey team from Lieksa , Finland , playing in the Suomi - sarja league .
The Tudor navy was the navy of the Kingdom of England under the ruling Tudor dynasty 1485 - 1603 .
Jošava ( Cyrillic : Јошава ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Gulf of Gaeta is a body of water on the west coast of Italy and part of the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Kashpi ( local Quechua for stick ( k'aspi ) , hispanicized spelling Cashpe ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Vosloorus is a large township situated south of Boksburg and just east of Katlehong in Ekurhuleni Metropolitan municipality , Gauteng , South Africa .
Tedorigawa Dam ( 手取川ダム ) is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan , completed in 1979 .
Bidama ( Arabic : بداما‎ ; also spelled Bdama and Badama ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located northwest of Idlib along the border with Turkey .
Hövsan ( also , Gousan , Gousany , Goussan , and Govsan ) is a municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Yankovo ( Bulgarian : Янково ) is a village in Eastern Bulgaria , part of the Smyadovo municipality of Shumen Province .
Kahar Kenar - e Keshtali ( Persian : كهركناركشتلي‎ , also Romanized as Kahar Kenār - e Keshtalī ; also known as Kahar Kenār and Kar Kenār ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان منگورغربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hollabrunn is a district capital town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , on the Göllersbach river .
The river Eaulne is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the eastern Pays de Caux in the Seine - Maritime département of Haute - Normandie in northern France .
Paide Linnameeskond , or simply Paide , is a football club , based in Paide , Estonia .
Jrambar ( Armenian : Ջրամբար ) , is a small village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Goondah railway station is a disused railway station in Goondah , New South Wales , Australia on the Main South Line 340 kilometres ( 210 mi ) from Sydney .
Chak No . 56 GB is a village 10 km from Jaranwala on the Satiana Road in Faisalabad District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Guyang County ( Mongolian : ᠭᠦᠶᠠᠩ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Güyaŋ siyan ; simplified Chinese : 固阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 固陽縣 ; pinyin : Gùyáng Xiàn ) is a county in western Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Jemdet Nasr ( Arabic : جمدة نصر‎ ) is a tell or settlement mound in Babil Governorate ( Iraq ) that is best known as the eponymous type site for the Jemdet Nasr period ( 3100 - -2900 BC ) .
Zarębiec ( zaˈrɛmbjɛt͡s ) ( German : Kleisack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Rosh Pinah mine is one of the largest and most important lead and zinc mines in Namibia .
Lirshiran ( Persian : ليرشيران‎ , also Romanized as Līrshīrān ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kumiałtowice ( kumjau̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Kummeltitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody , within Żary County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Mich'ini ( Aymara mich'i bow , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a bow '' , also spelled Michini ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Preska pri Medvodah ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːska pɾi mɛˈdʋoːdax ) ) is a former settlement that is part of the town of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Zgornja Radovna ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈɾaːdɔu̯na ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora , northwestern Slovenia , traditionally belonging to the Upper Carniola region .
Kohtla - Nõmme is a borough ( Estonian : alev ) in northeastern Estonia .
Épernay ( IPA : ( epɛʁnɛ ) ) is a commune in the Marne department in northern France .
Staryya Darohi ( Belarusian : Старыя Дарогi , Russian : Старые Дороги ) is a town in Republic of Belarus , the capital of the Staryya Darohi Raion in the Minsk Voblast .
The Civilian Technical Corps was an American quasi - military uniformed organization raised in 1941 in the United States of America , to directly assist with the war effort within the United Kingdom .
Sheykheh Kureh ( Persian : شيخه كوره‎ , also Romanized as Sheykheh Kūreh ; also known as Shaikh Kuwaireh , Sheikh Kooreh , Sheykheh Kōreh , Sheykheh Koveyreh , Sheykh Khowreh , and Sheykh Kūreh ) is a village in Sarkal Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Limeburner Point is a point on the south coast of Shoal Bay , Princess Royal Harbour , on the south coast of Western Australia near Albany .
Bolshoye Zagarino ( Russian : Большо́е Зага́рино ) is a village ( selo ) in Vachsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .
Damadola is a village in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan , about 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) from the Afghanistan border , it is located at 34 ° 48 ' 20N 71 ° 28 ' 0E at an altitude of 1082 metres ( 3553 feet ) .
St. Lewis ( Fox Harbour ) Airport ( IATA : YFX , TC LID : CCK4 ) is adjacent to St. Lewis , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Port of Aqaba is the only port in Jordan , owned and operated by the Aqaba Port Corporation .
Louisa Models is Germany 's biggest model agency .
The Mönchsjoch Hut ( German : Mönchsjochhütte ) is a mountain hut located in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
On 23 June 2014 , it was announced that Stevns Klint and the Wadden Sea had been added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in Denmark .
Sheohar , sometimes spelled Shivhar , is the principal town of Sheohar district in Bihar , India .
Subhanpura ( સુભાનપુરા ) is an urban area in the western side of Vadodara City , in the state of Gujarat , in India .
Uzola River , also spelled as Usola River ( Узола , Усола in Russian ) is a river in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in Russia .
Đurkovići is a village located just outside Podgorica , Montenegro and within the territorial boundaries of the Piperi tribe .
Chapet is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France in north - central France , about 16 km east of Mantes - la - Jolie .
The Malet coup of 1812 was an attempted coup d'état in Paris , France , aimed at removing Napoleon I , then campaigning in Russia , from power .
Inhacorá is a municipality in the northern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School was established in 1984 by Late Som Nath Sharma in the city of Pokhara , Nepal .
Shoaymat - e Do ( Persian : شعيمطدو‎ , also Romanized as Sho``aymaţ - e Do ; also known as Sho``amyaţ - e Do ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 15 families .
Midmar Dam is a combined gravity & earth - fill type dam and recreation area located near Howick and Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
The 1998 Winter Olympics , officially the XVIII Olympic Winter Games ( 第十八回オリンピック冬季競技大会 Dai Jūhachi - kai Orinpikku Tōkikyōgi Taikai ) , was a winter multi - sport event celebrated from 7 - 22 February 1998 in Nagano , Japan .
Parc Festyland is a relatively small theme park situated within the Caen ringroad ( A13/A84 ) in Lower Normandy , France .
Brebeneskul ( Ukrainian : Бребенескул ) is a peak in the Chornohora region of Ukraine , with height of 2,035 meters above sea level .
The Lycée Alexandre Ribot is a school located at 42 rue Gambetta , in the town of Saint - Omer ( Pas - de - Calais département ) , France .
Gav Ahantu ( Persian : گاو آهن تو‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Āhantū and Gāvāhantū ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Hîrjauca is a commune in Călăraşi district , Moldova with 2,877 inhabitants ( 2004 census ) .
Mazraeh - ye Kucheh Mashak ( Persian : مزرعه كوچه مشك‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kūcheh Mashak ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Panaad sa Negros Festival , also called the Panaad Festival ( sometimes spelled as Pana - ad ) , is a festival held annually during the month of April in Bacolod City , the capital of Negros Occidental province in the Philippines .
Gurutalawa ( ගුරුතලාව ) is a rural town in Sri Lanka .
Nevsky Prospect ( Russian : Не́вский проспе́кт , tr . Nevsky Prospekt ; IPA : ( ˈnʲɛfskʲɪj prɐˈspʲɛkt ) ) is the main street in the city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
The Kahlenberg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkaːln̩bɛʁk ) ) is a hill ( 484 m or 1,588 ft ) located in the 19th District of Vienna , Austria ( Döbling ) .
Omey Island ( Irish : Iomaidh ) is a tidal island situated near Claddaghduff on the western edge of Connemara in County Galway , Ireland .
Fayandar ( Persian : فايندر‎ , also Romanized as Fāyandar ; also known as Fanidar and Pā’īn Dar ) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Davydkovo ( Russian : Давыдково ) is a village in Novorzhevsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Nameless Island ( Spanish : Isla Sin Nombre ) is an islet of the Galapagos Islands group , in Ecuador .
SOS Amitié is a French federation of several regional charitable organizations aimed at providing emotional support to anyone in emotional distress , struggling to cope , or at risk of suicide throughout France , often through their telephone helpline .
Cämmerer See is a lake in Usedom , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
SNAS / DHL , incorporated as DHL International Aviation ME , is a cargo airline based in Bahrain .
The Vancouver Charter is a unique provincial statute that serves to incorporate the City of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Stavanger Cathedral School , known colloquially as Kongsgård , is an upper secondary school in the city of Stavanger , Rogaland county , Norway .
The EFREI ( École d'ingénieur généraliste en informatique et technologies du numérique ) ( Engineering School of Information and Digital Technologies ) is a French private engineering school located in Villejuif , Île - de - France , at the south of Paris .
Matanchén is the name of both the bay and one of the small towns located just south of San Blas , Nayarit , on the Pacific coast of Mexico .
Lethem Airport ( IATA : LTM , ICAO : SYLT ) is an airport serving Lethem , a town in the Upper Takutu - Upper Essequibo region of Guyana .
Jadara University ( Arabic : جامعة جدارا ) is a university located in the northern province of Irbid Governorate in Jordan , on the international highway to the north of the city of Irbid , the governorate 's capital .
The East Perth Football Club , nicknamed the Royals , is an Australian rules football club based in Leederville , Western Australia , current playing in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
The Ars Electronica Center ( AEC ) is a center for electronic arts run by Ars Electronica situated in Linz , Austria , at the northern side of the Danube opposite the city hall of Linz .
Murawskie - Miazgi ( muˈrafskʲɛ ˈmjazɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Kamalabad ( Persian : مزرعه كمال اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kamālābād ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Echassières mine is a large mine located near the town of Échassières , in the central part of France in Allier .
Villarosa is a town and comune in the province of Enna , in the region of Sicily in southern Italy .
The Panorama of the Battle of Waterloo ( French : Panorama de la Bataille de Waterloo ) is a rotunda in Belgium that houses a monumental panoramic painting of the Battle of Waterloo .
Stade Grimonprez - Jooris was a multi - purpose stadium in Lille , France built in 1974 .
Lago di Palagnedra is a manmade lake at Palagnedra , Ticino , Switzerland .
The Great South Run is an annual 10 miles ( 16.09 km ) road running race which takes place in Portsmouth , United Kingdom providing an intermediate distance between the ten kilometre and the half marathon ( 21.097 km ) runs .
The Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic ( Kirghiz SSR ; Kyrgyz : Кыргыз Советтик Социалисттик Республикасы Kyrgyz Sovettik Sotsialisttik Respublikasy ; Russian : Киргизская Советская Социалистическая Республика Kirgizskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika ) , also referred to as Kirghizia , was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union ( USSR ) .
Hawa Welele was one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia .
Andrarum is a locality situated in Tomelilla Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
Bagh Konar ( Persian : باغ كنار‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Konār , Bāgh - e Kanār , Bāgh - e Kenār , Bāgh - i - Kanār , and Bagh Kenar ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kohneh Jolgeh ( Persian : كهنه جلگه‎ ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rosenheim station is the largest railway station between Munich and Salzburg / Innsbruck and is located in the centre of the city of Rosenheim in Upper Bavaria , Germany .
The Greater Toronto Area ( GTA ) is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada .
The 14th High School in Wrocław ( XIV Liceum Ogólnokształcące we Wrocławiu ) - a public high school in Wrocław , Poland , part of the 14th School Complex , that also incorporates the 49th Bilingual Junior High School .
The Canadian Chamber Choir ( Choeur de chambre du Canada ) 's mission is to build community through choral singing .
Hassi Ben Abdellah ( Arabic : ﺣﺎﺳﻲ ﺑﻦ ﻋﺒﺪ اﷲ‎ ) is a town and commune in Sidi Khouiled District , Ouargla Province , Algeria , located near the provincial capital , Ouargla .
The Fairmont Le Château Montebello or simply Château Montebello is a hotel and resort complex in Montebello , Quebec , Canada .
Tallinn Music High School ( in Estonian : Tallinna Muusikakeskkool ) is a special music high school in Tallinn , Estonia .
The Mackenzie Basin ( popularly and traditionally known as the Mackenzie Country ) is an elliptical intermontane basin located in the Mackenzie and Waitaki Districts , near the centre of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Château de Lacapelle - Marival is a ruined castle in the commune of Lacapelle - Marival in the Lot département of France .
The City of Bunbury is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia , covering an area of 65.7 square kilometres ( 25.4 sq mi ) along the coast about 180 kilometres ( 112 mi ) south of Perth , the capital of Western Australia .
Mersin is a large city and a port on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey .
Kaghau Airport is an airport on Kaghau Island in the Solomon Islands ( IATA : KGE , ICAO : AGKG ) .
Sørreisa Church ( Norwegian : Sørreisa kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county , Norway .
Bykowo ( bɨˈkɔvɔ ) ( German Bollendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Adamovec is a small town in central Croatia , north of Sesvete and southwest of Sveti Ivan Zelina .
Świdnica County ( Polish : powiat świdnicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Barskon , Barskoon or Barskaun , ancient Barsgan , Barskhan or Barsqan ( Russian : Барскон ; Kyrgyz : Барскоон ; Persian : بارسغان‎ ) is a small settlement on the southern shore of Lake Issyk Kul in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Bezenškovo Bukovje ( pronounced ( ˈbeːzənʃkɔʋɔ buˈkoːu̯jɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Sarab - e Surenabad ( Persian : سرابسورن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Sūrenābād and Sarāb - e Surenābād ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Khadarhem Zeytun ( Persian : خدارحم زيتون‎‎ , also Romanized as Khadārḥem Zeytūn ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kleiner Semmering Pass ( el . 463 m. ) is a low mountain pass in the Wienerwald in the Bundesland of Lower Austria .
Makhuzai was the oldest tehsile of Swat in the ruling days of Wali Swat ( king of Swat ) , but it is now sub - tehsil of Tehsil Puran District Shangla , Pakistan .
Riblak - e Sofla ( Persian : ري بلك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Rīblak - e Soflá ; also known as Rāh Balag - e Soflá and Rībalag - e Soflá ) is a village in Harasam Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
La Rinconada Hippodrome ( Spanish : Hipódromo La Rinconada ) is a race track for Thoroughbred horse racing located in Coche , a neighborhood of south Caracas , Venezuela .
Kamno Brdo ( pronounced ( ˈkaːmnɔ ˈbəɾdɔ ) ; German : Kamenwerch ) is a small settlement in the hills above Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Millers Flat is a small town ( population about 200 ) in inland Otago , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Minstrel Island Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAX7 ) , is a public airport located adjacent to Minstrel Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Manda - Inakir is a system of fissure vents and cinder cones located along the border between Djibouti and Ethiopia .
The Motueka River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand and is a popular tourist destination for watersports and fishing .
Old Castile ( Spanish : Castilla la Vieja ( kasˈtiʎa la ˈβjexa ) ) is a historic region of Spain , which included territory that later corresponded to the provinces of Santander ( now Cantabria ) , Burgos , Logroño ( now La Rioja ) , Soria , Segovia , Ávila , Valladolid , Palencia .
Veneto for the European People 's Party ( Italian : Veneto per il Partito Popolare Europeo , VPPE ) is a regional Christian democratic political party based in Veneto , Italy .
Dolenja Vas pri Raki ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈɾaːki ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Raki , German : Niederdorf ) is a settlement southwest of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Wiaderno ( vjaˈdɛrnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lysos ( Greek : Λυσός ) is a village in Cyprus , about 36 kilometres from Paphos .
The Fuglefjella Important Bird Area is a 500 ha tract of sea - cliffs in Spitsbergen , the largest island of Norway 's arctic Svalbard archipelago .
Gosarling Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྒོ་གསར་གླིང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Tsirang District , Bhutan .
St Paul 's Collegiate School is a private ( independent ) Anglican secondary school in Hamilton , New Zealand .
The Stadthaus Ulm is an assembly hall and art exhibition centre in the city centre of Ulm ( Germany ) .
Lernagyugh ( Armenian : Լեռնագյուղ ; Chorlu ) is a small village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Baharampur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( earlier known as Berhampore ) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India .
Sébécourt is a commune in the Eure department and Haute - Normandie region in northern France .
Milner Hall is one of 5 halls of residence owned by the University of the West Indies ( UWI ) in St. Augustine , Trinidad and Tobago .
Spiczyn ( ˈspit͡ʂɨn ) is a village in Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland and is the seat of the gmina ( administrative district ) called Gmina Spiczyn .
Brandstorp Church ( Swedish : Brandstorps kyrka ) is a wooden church building in Brandstorp in Sweden .
The KLFA Stadium ( Malay : Stadium KLFA ) or Kuala Lumpur Football Association Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Cheras , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Harry Lake Aspen Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located northwest of Ashcroft near the upper basin of Hat Creek .
This summer The Artist Life is in Ontario for Cutting Edge Music Festival and in Eastern Canada for a stretch of dates with The Snips and Brights to coincide with the digital release of `` Let 's Start A Campfire '' the acoustic counterpart to LSAR .
The Kannur Cantonment Board is one of the 62 cantonments in India and the only one in Kerala .
Potštát ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpot.ʃtaːt ) ; German : Bodenstadt ) is a town in the Olomouc Region , Czech Republic .
Kfar Menahem ( Hebrew : כְּפַר מְנַחֵם , lit . Menahem Village ) is a kibbutz in Israel located about 7 km east of Kiryat Malakhi in south - central Israel .
Koshgonlu ( Persian : كشگنلو‎ , also Romanized as Koshgonlū ; also known as Kūshkūnlū ) is a village in Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Besana in Brianza is a town and comune in the province of Monza and Brianza , Lombardy , Italy .
Samoeng Nuea ( Thai : สะเมิงเหนือ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Samoeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Château de Lucéram is a ruined castle , dating from the 12th and 13th centuries , in the commune of Lucéram in the Alpes - Maritimes département of France .
San Carlos del Zulia is the capital of Colón Municipality , located in Zulia State , Venezuela .
Hamar Weyne District ( Somali : Degmada Xamar Weyne ) is a district in the southeastern Banaadir region Somalia .
Oborishte ( Bulgarian : Оборище ) is a village located in the Panagyurishte municipality , Pazardzhik Province , western Bulgaria .
Soleto ( Sulìtu in local dialect ) is a small Griko - speaking city located in the province of Lecce in Apulia , Italy .
Quince Mil ( Spanish : `` Fifteen Thousand '' ) is a community in Cusco Region , Peru .
Rila Municipality ( Bulgarian : Рила ) is located in southeastern Kyustendil Province , Bulgaria .
Mahiyanganaya is a town situated close to the Mahaweli River in Badulla District , Uva Province of Sri Lanka .
Bellerive Castle ( French : Château de Bellerive ) is a château in the municipality of Collonge - Bellerive of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland .
The St. Francis University College of Health and Allied Sciences ( SFUCHAS ) is a constituent college of St. Augustine University of Tanzania in Ifakara , Tanzania .
South East Mutton Bird Islet is a steep unpopulated islet located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Kodiak Coil Tubing is an oilfield service company incorporated in 2001 , based in Alberta , Canada .
Khodz River is a river of southwest Russia .
Larnakas tis Lapithou ( Greek : Λάρνακας της Λαπήθου ; Turkish : Kozan ) is a village in Cyprus , near the town of Lapithos .
Aliabad - e Javanmard ( Persian : علي ابادجوانمرد‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlīābād - e Javānmard ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Mozaffari Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mut Mee Guesthouse is a guesthouse located in Nong Khai , Thailand and has been in operation for 21 years .
Elgeta ( Spanish : Elgueta ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Bastnäs ( Swedish : Bastnäs or Bastnäsfältet ) is an ore field near Riddarhyttan , Västmanland , Sweden .
Teglgårdsvej halt is a railway halt serving the western part of the town of Hjørring , Denmark .
Stachów ( ˈstaxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cucuteni ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kukuˈtenʲ ) ) is a commune in Iaşi County , Romania , with a population of 1,446 as of 2002 .
Pizzo Barone ( 2,864 m ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland .
Salam University ( Pashto : سلام پوهنتون‎ ) / ( Persian : دانشگاه سلام‎‎ ) is a private university in Afghanistan having campuses in Kabul and Kunduz .
The Diocese of Lund is a former Latin Catholic ( arch)bishopric with see in Lund , southern Scandinavia , and since the Swedish Reformation the southernmost diocese in the Lutheran Church of Sweden .
The Sentinel mine is a large copper mine located in north - west Zambia in North - Western Province .
Bohicon is a city in Benin , and a conurbation of Abomey lying 9 kilometres east of the city on the railway line from Cotonou to Parakou and on Benin 's main highway RNIE 2 which joins the RNIE 4 .
Redbanc is an interbank network in Chile connecting the ATMs of all the banks in Chile .
Devičie ( Hungarian : Devicse ) is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Cliftonville is a coastal area of the town of Margate , situated to the east of the main town , in the Thanet district of Kent , South East England , United Kingdom .
Przykuna ( pʂɨˈkuna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Illuminated Block ( Spanish : Manzana de las Luces ) is a historical landmark in the Monserrat neighbourhood of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Kldiani ( Georgian : კლდიანი ) is a village at an altitude of 380 meters from sea level in the Gagra District of Abkhazia , Georgia .
Beatservice Records ( established 10 October 1994 in Tromsø , Norway ) is a Norwegian record label releasing electronic music .
The Paddington Gold Mine is a gold mine located near Broad Arrow , 30 km north of Kalgoorlie , Western Australia .
Shonkrhai is the territory located on the Durand Line , the porous international border between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The Jagui River is a river in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul in southwestern Brazil .
The Caspian or Khazar raion ( Azerbaijani : Xəzər ) is one of the 12 rayonlar in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Mamulan ( Persian : معمولان‎ , also Romanized as Ma``mūlān and Māmūlūn ) is a city in and capital of Mamulan District , in Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 7,633 , in 1,725 families .
Nimnica ( Hungarian : Nemőc ) is a spa village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Bulus ( Russian : Булус ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tyubinsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 77 kilometers ( 48 mi ) from Namtsy , the administrative center of the district .
Perga or Perge ( Greek : Πέργη Perge , Turkish : Perge ) was an ancient Anatolian city in modern Turkey , once the capital of Pamphylia Secunda , now in Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey .
Caleta de Fuste ( also known as El Castillo and Costa Caleta ) is the largest community in the municipality of Antigua , Las Palmas , Spain on the island of Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands .
Daloloia Group are islands of Papua New Guinea .
Hulmadian - e Bala ( Persian : هول ماديان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Hūlmādīān - e Bālā ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Strękowo ( strɛŋˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hafizabad ( Punjabi / Urdu : حافظ آباد ‎ ) is a city and tehsil of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Marquban ( Arabic : مرقوبان ) is a village in Sitra , Bahrain , located near the middle part of the island .
Şada ( also , Sada , Shada , Shadakend , and Shady ) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Hatzor ( Hebrew : חָצוֹר ) , officially Hatzor Ashdod to distinguish it from Hatzor HaGlilit , is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Menteng Stadium was a multi - purpose stadium in Menteng , Central Jakarta , Indonesia .
Xnaheb is an archaeological site of the pre - Columbian Maya civilization , one of five primary sites identified in the southern Belize region .
The Southern Highland News is a newspaper published in Bowral , New South Wales , Australia since 1958 .
Nowy Czachulec ( ˈnɔvɨ t͡ʂaˈxulɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Western Express Highway , shortened to WEH , is a major north - south 8 - 10 lane arterial road in Mumbai , India , stretching from the suburb of Bandra to Dahisar .
Razavar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رازآور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Secret Buddha Garden , also known as Magic Garden and Heaven 's Garden and Tarnim Magic Garden is a private sculpture park atop Pom Mountain ( also called Khun Nim Peak ) , one of the highest peaks on the resort island of Ko Samui in Surat Thani Province , Thailand .
Ab Khuda'i is a village in the west of Ab Kamari District in the Badghis Province , of north - west Afghanistan .
Pullazhi / Pullazhy ( പുല്ലഴി ) is a suburban area of Thrissur City of Kerala state , South India .
The Myllysilta ( Mill Bridge ) is a steel girder bridge crossing the Aurajoki ( Aura River ) in the middle of the city of Turku in Finland .
The Monti Volsini or Vulsini are a minor mountain range in northern Lazio , Italy , near the Lake Bolsena .
Ushant ( /ˈʌʃənt/ ; Breton : Eusa , pronounced ( ˈøsa ) ; French : Ouessant , pronounced : ( wɛsɑ̃ ) ) is an island at the south - western end of the English Channel which marks the north - westernmost point of metropolitan France .
Neimen District ( Chinese : 內門區 ; pinyin : Nèimén Qū ) is a rural district of Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan .
Las Flecheras Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Las Flecheras ) ( IATA : SFD , ICAO : SVSR ) is an airport serving San Fernando de Apure , the capital city of the state of Apure in Venezuela .
Quyllur ( Quechua for star , hispanicized spellings Collor ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Gajary ( German : Gayring ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia close to the town of Malacky in the Bratislava region .
Galinsoor , also spelled Gelinsoor , is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
Bruck an der Leitha ( meaning `` Bridge upon Leitha '' in the same sense as Stratford - upon - Avon ) is a city located in Lower Austria , Austria at the border to the Burgenland , which is marked by the Leitha river .
Strömsborg ( Swedish : Stream 's castle ) is a small islet in central Stockholm , Sweden , located north of Stadsholmen , and west of Helgeandsholmen , between the bridges Centralbron , a motorway passing through central Stockholm , and Vasabron .
Balakot Tehsil ( Urdu : تحصیل بالاکوٹ‎ ) is a subdivision of Mansehra District in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Canadore College is a college of applied arts and technology located in North Bay , Ontario , Canada .
Bramberk ( German : Bramberg ) is an observation tower on the hill Krásný ( 787 m above sea level ) in the Jizera Mountains in the area of Lučany nad Nisou ( Czech Republic ) .
East Cape Lighthouse is a lighthouse sited on Otiki Hill above East Cape , the easternmost point on the North Island of New Zealand .
The King 's Feast ( Dutch : Koningsfeest , French : Fête du Roi , German : Festtag des Königs ) has been celebrated in Belgium on November 15 since 1866 .
Mlaka pri Kočevju ( pronounced ( ˈmlaːka pɾi kɔˈtʃeːu̯ju ) ; German : Kerndorf , Gottscheerish : Kearndoarf ) is a settlement north of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Mesr ( Persian : مصر‎ , also Romanized as Meşr and Maşr ) is a village in Jandaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Château de Quéribus ( in Occitan Castèl de Queribús ) is a ruined castle in the commune of Cucugnan in the Aude département of France .
Tour Maine - Montparnasse ( Maine - Montparnasse Tower ) , also commonly named Tour Montparnasse , is a 210-metre ( 689 ft ) office skyscraper located in the Montparnasse area of Paris , France .
Atish Dipankar University of Science and Technology ( Bengali : অতীশ দীপঙ্কর বিজ্ঞাণ ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় or ADUST ) is a private university in Banani , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Zmeitsa ( Bulgarian : Змейца ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria .
National Capital Power Station ( NCPS ) Or NTPC Dadri , is the power project to meet the power demand of National Capital Region ( India ) .
Jalan Bukit Mor or Jalan Mahmood ( Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia .
The Frudal Tunnel ( Norwegian : Frudalstunnelen ) is a road tunnel along the Norwegian National Road 5 in the municipality of Sogndal in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Gültəpə ( also , Qultəpə ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Frankfurt International School ( FIS ) is an English - language day school located in Oberursel , near Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Želino ( Macedonian : Желино , Albanian : Zhelina ) is a village in Republic of Macedonia .
Qarah Chopoq ( Persian : قره چپق‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Chopoq ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bank of Ottawa was established in Canada in 1874 by Ottawa Valley lumber pioneers .
Dongdaemun District ( Dongdaemun - gu ) is one of the 25 gu ( districts ) of Seoul , South Korea .
China Southwest Airlines ( CSWA , simplified Chinese : 中国西南航空公司 ; traditional Chinese : 中國西南航空公司 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Xīnán Hángkōng Gōngsī ) was an airline with its head office on the property of Shuangliu Airport in Shuangliu County , Chengdu , Sichuan , People 's Republic of China .
Qıraq Kəsəmən ( also , Ashaga Kyrakhkesaman , Krakhkesaman , and Kyrakh Kesaman ) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Institute of the Pacific United is a Japanese and New Zealand tertiary educational institution based in Palmerston North , New Zealand .
Pichari is a town in central Peru , capital of the Pichari District , La Convención Province , Cusco Region .
Sakušak ( pronounced ( ˈsaːkuʃak ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia .
Håkås ( pronounced ( hɔkɔs ) ; from Old Norse Haukáss , `` hawk hill '' ) , formerly spelled Haagaas and Haakaas , is a small hill near the lake Øyeren in Båstad in Trøgstad , Østfold , Norway .
Albrandswaard ( Dutch : ( ɑlˌbrɑntsˈʋaːrt ) ) is a municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Hovarpan ( Persian : هوارپان‎ , also Romanized as Hovārpān , Havārpān , and Hawar Pān ) is a village in Amirabad Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tshibinda is a volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Lake Higa is a small lake in eastern Burkina Faso , close to the border with Niger .
Dash - e Darageh ( Persian : داش درگه‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh - e Darageh ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tsakhats Kar Monastery ( Armenian : Ցախաց քար Վանք ) is a monastic complex located along the mountain foothills overlooking the Yeghegis River , between the villages of Yeghegis ( 6 km northeast ) and Horbategh in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
Kempegowda Bus Station , more commonly known as Majestic Bus Station , is a large bus station in central Bangalore , India .
The Grand - Ouest is a geographical area of France that encompasses Brittany and Pays de la Loire .
Húsar ( Danish : Husum ) is a village on the East side of Kalsoy , Faroe Islands .
Vaidyaratnam P. S. Warrier , a renowned scholar and academician in whose honour the Government of India have issued a postage stamp , founded Arya Vaidya Sala in 1902 , at Kottakkal , a small town in Malappuram district , in the Indian state of Kerala .
Lake Coghinas ( Italian : Lago di Coghinas ) is an artificial lake , in northern Sardinia , Italy , located between the provinces of Sassari and Olbia - Tempio .
Sampu ( Quechua for knock - kneed / a person with one black and one indigenous parent , hispanicized spelling Sambo ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
German submarine U-660 was a Type VIIC U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II . She was laid down on 15 February 1941 by Howaldtswerke , Hamburg as yard number 809 , launched on 17 November 1941 and commissioned on 8 January 1942 under Oberleutnant zur See Götz Baur .
The Glarus Alps ( German : Glarner Alpen ) are a mountain range in central Switzerland .
Gogenloe Island ( Russian : остров Гогенлоэ ) , also known as Hohenlohe , is an island in Franz Josef Land , Russia .
Panwan ( Urdu : پنواں‎ ) is a village in the Nankana Sahib District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Faafu Atoll Hospital is located in the island of Nilandhoo in Faafu Atoll , Maldives .
Bijelo Polje ( Montenegrin : Бијело Поље , pronounced ( bîjɛlɔː pɔ̂ʎɛ ) ) is a town in northeastern Montenegro on the Lim River .
Santa Maria della Sapienza is a Roman Catholic church , located on Via Costantinopoli in central Naples , Italy .
Pinipel Island , also known as Green Island , is the northern of the two atolls making up the Green Islands , east of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
Lille Molla or Litlmolla is an island in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county , Norway .
Remembrance Island is an island in Lake Chivero in the Harare area of Zimbabwe .
Serpentine Running Club is a cross - country running club based in London , United Kingdom .
Takasegawa Dam ( Japanese : ? ) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1982 .
Będziszewo ( bɛnd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Padingkehmen , from 1938 - 45 Padingen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Ocypel ( ɔˈt͡sɨpɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Piota is an Apennine torrent in the Province of Alessandria , north - west Italy .
Governor Francisco Gabrielli International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Gobernador Francisco Gabrielli ) ( IATA : MDZ , ICAO : SAME ) , better known as El Plumerillo International Airport , is located 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) northeast of the centre of Mendoza , a city in the Mendoza Province of Argentina .
Mazraeh - ye Kamal ( Persian : مزرعه كمال‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kamāl ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Dogbo - Tota ( or Dogbo ) is a city located in the Kouffo Department of Benin .
Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Billanook College is an independent co - ed school with an early learning program through to Year 12 , located in Mooroolbark , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Ochtinská Aragonite Cave ( Slovak : Ochtinská aragonitová jaskyňa , Hungarian : Martonházi - aragonitbarlang ) is a unique aragonite cave situated in southern Slovakia , near Rožňava .
The University of Salento ( Italian : Università del Salento , called until 2007 Università degli Studi di Lecce ) is a university located in Lecce , Italy .
The Pioneer School of Ariana ( French : Lycée Pilote de l'Ariana ; Arabic : المعهد النّمـــوذجــي بأريـــانـة‎ ) , commonly known as LPA , is a secondary school located in `` l'Avenue de l'Indépendance '' in Ariana , Tunisia .
Qarah Qowyun ( Persian : قره قويون‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Qowyūn ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sibi ( Balochi : بلوچ ) ( Urdu : سِبی‎ ) is a city of Balochistan province of Pakistan .
Mount Druitt Waterworks was a water park in Mount Druitt , New South Wales , Australia .
Ithala Game Reserve is situated in 290 km2 of rugged , mountainous thornveld , about 400 km north of Durban , in northern KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Gaddi 's is a French haute cuisine restaurant situated in The Peninsula Hong Kong hotel .
Santa María de Garoña Nuclear Power Plant is a closed nuclear power station at Santa María de Garoña , Burgos ( Spain ) .
Qaleh Chal ( Persian : قلعه چال‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Chāl and Qal``ehchāl ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 86 , in 19 families .
Baghdad railway station ( Urdu : بغداد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Pakistan .
Jignipurwa is a village at Sarwankhera in Kanpur Dehat , northern India .
The Mongkol Borei River is a river in Mongkol Borei District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia .
The Grassengrat is a multi - summited mountain of the Urner Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland .
The Byunovska is a river of Plovdiv Province , Bulgaria .
The Diocese of Niagara is one of thirty regional divisions ( 29 dioceses and one former diocese ) in the Anglican Church of Canada .
Memmert is a small East Frisian island off the northern coast of Germany , with an area of 5.2 square kilometres ( 2.0 sq mi ) .
The Guanta Municipality is one of the 21 municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the eastern Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui and , according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 30,891 .
Kuklov , ( Hungarian : Kukló ) is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Cape Orange ( Portuguese : Cabo Orange ) is a cape on the coast of Brazil , separated from the coast of French Guiana by a large bay watered by the estuary of the Oyapock River ( Portuguese : Rio Oiapoque ) .
Ise Forest Reserve is found in SW Nigeria , covering 142 km² .
San Chao Rong Thong ( ศาลเจ้าโรงทอง ) is a sub - district of Ang Thong Province , Thailand , where most inhabitants are of Chinese descent .
Château Pontet - Canet is a winery in the Pauillac appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France .
Róża Wielka ( ˈruʐa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
G.D. Interclube ( handball ) is a men 's handball team competing at the Luanda Provincial Handball Championship and at the Angola National Handball Championship as well as at continental level , at the annual African Handball Champions League competitions .
Wolbrom ( ˈvɔlbrɔm ) ( German : Wohlborn ) is a town in Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 9,568 inhabitants ( 2005 ) .
Ramciel , also spelled Ramchiel or Ramshiel , is a location in Lakes , a state in South Sudan , that will serve as the future site of the national capital .
Galominek ( ɡalɔˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Greater Albion Typefounders is a small , independent digital type foundry based in Perth , Western Australia that creates and markets fonts for personal and commercial use .
Central Frontenac is a township in eastern Ontario , Canada in the County of Frontenac .
The Château de Pécany is a castle located in the commune of Pomport , in the Dordogne Valley in France .
Anlu ( simplified Chinese : 安陆 ; traditional Chinese : 安陸 ; pinyin : ānlù ; literally : `` peaceful continent '' ) is a sub - prefecture - level city in east - central Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Huangchuan County ( simplified Chinese : 潢川县 ; traditional Chinese : 潢川縣 ; pinyin : Huángchuān Xiàn ; local pronunciation : Huāngchuǎn Xiàn ) is a county of southeastern Henan province , People 's Republic of China .
Broager ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈbʀoaːˀɪ̯ɐ ) ; German : Broacker , South Jutlandic : Braue ) is a town with a population of 3,339 ( 1 January 2014 ) in Sønderborg Municipality in Region of Southern Denmark in Denmark .
Możdżany ( mɔʐˈd͡ʐanɨ ) ( German : Mosdzehnen ; 1930 - 1945 : Borkenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dobroslavtsi ( Bulgarian : Доброславци , also transcribed as Dobroslavtzi or Dobroslavci ) is a village ( село ) in western Bulgaria , located in the Sofia - city ( Sofiya - Grad ) Province .
Ługowice ( wuɡɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mayuge Thermal Power Station is a 1.6 megawatt bagasse - fired thermal power plant in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Brasstronaut is a band from Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , with roots in pop , rock , and jazz .
Manado ( pronounced ( məˈnadu ) ) is the capital city of the North Sulawesi province of Indonesia .
The Vintgar Gorge ( Slovene : soteska Vintgar ) or Bled Gorge ( Blejski vintgar ) is a 1.6-kilometer ( 0.99 mi ) gorge in northwestern Slovenia in the municipalities of Gorje and Bled , four kilometers northwest of Bled .
De Striene was a water channel that ran between the Schelde near Tholen and the Maas rivers in Zeeland in the Netherlands .
The Lagginhorn ( 4,010 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland .
The Kulekhani Dam is a rock - fill dam on the Kulekhani River near Kulekhani in Makwanpur District of Narayani Zone , Nepal .
Petit Lac Saint - François or Lake Tomcod is a polluted lake in Saint - François - Xavier - de - Brompton , Quebec , Canada .
Gaidouras ( Greek : Γαϊδουράς , Turkish : Korkuteli ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 17 km west of Famagusta .
Kerkebet , alternatively Carcabat , is a town in Eritrea .
Darreh - ye Darvish Mordeh ( Persian : دره درويش مرده‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Darvīsh Mordeh ; also known as Darvīsh Mordeh ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tatafa is an islet which belongs to ʻUiha island , Tonga .
Mueang Khong ( Thai : เชียงของเมืองคอง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chiang Dao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Koplany ( kɔˈplanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Batnfjord or Batnfjorden is a fjord in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Banten Bay also known as Bantam Bay is a bay in Banten province , near the north west tip of Java , Indonesia .
Tiburón Island ( Spanish : Isla del Tiburón or Isla Tiburón ) is the largest island in the Gulf of California and the largest island in Mexico , with an area of 464 sq mi ( 1,200 km2 ) .
Salera Hill is a pilgrimage centre ( ziyaret ) in Damascus , Syria .
Pansfelde is a village in the borough of Falkenstein / Harz in the county of Harz in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Vlachorraptis ( Greek : Βλαχορράπτης , also Βλαχορράφτης - Vlachorraftis ) is a village in western Arcadia , Greece .
Kornas ( Persian : کرناس‎ , also Romanized as Kornās ; also known as Dasteh Ney ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nevernes Church ( Norwegian : Nevernes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Antilhue II Power Plant is an oil - fueled electrical generating station in Antilhue , Los Ríos Region , Chile .
Kolonia Łuszczanowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa wuʂt͡ʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tarom Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طارم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Haleji Sharif is a village in Pano Aqil taluka , Sukkur district in Sindh , Pakistan .
Gurak - e Soleymani ( Persian : گورك سليماني‎ , also Romanized as Gūrak - e Soleymānī ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The South Pine River is a minor river located in South East Queensland Australia .
Sint - Oedenrode ( Dutch pronunciation : ( sɪnt ˈudə(n)roːdə ) ) is a municipality and a town in the south of the Netherlands .
Medak Cathedral at Medak in Telangana , India , is the largest church in Telangana and has been the cathedral church of the Diocese of Medak of the Church of South India since 1947 .
Union of Communists of Dahomey ( in French : Union des communistes du Dahomey ) was a communist political organization in Benin .
In recent years , the Jalisco state government has promoted this zone as a tourist attraction , grouping all these beaches under the common name of `` Costalegre '' , which literally translates as `` Coast of Joy '' , but the area has been known as `` The Virgin Coast '' of Mexico for a long time .
Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈʋiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu ) ; German : Bresie ) is a settlement in the hills south of Semič in southeastern Slovenia .
Tham Non is a cave to the north of Vang Vieng , Laos .
Talgje Church ( Norwegian : Talgje kirke ) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Lindsay Pryor National Arboretum is an arboretum on the Yarramundi Reach peninsula in Canberra , the capital of Australia .
Adelaide Metro is the public transport system of Adelaide , the capital city of South Australia .
Smolensk Kremlin ( Russian : Смоленский кремль ) is a kremlin ( a fortress ) enclosing the center of the city of Smolensk in western Russia .
Kuzeykent is a suburb north of Kastamonu , Turkey .
The Finnish Workers ' Sports Federation ( Finnish : Suomen Työväen Urheiluliitto , TUL , Swedish : Arbetarnas Idrottsförbund i Finland , AIF ) is a Finnish amateur sports organisation , with a strong labour union background .
Sarmal ( Persian : سرمل‎ ; also known as Samal and Sumail ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Falamarz Fuladi ( Persian : مزرعه فلامرزفولادي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Falāmarz Fūlādī ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Lyreen River ( Irish : An Laidhrín ) is a small river in County Kildare , Ireland .
Tasbapauni is a seacoast hamlet in Nicaragua , 72 kilometres ( 45 mi ) north of Bluefields .
Las Anod Hospital is a general hospital in the northern part of the city of Las Anod , situated in the northern Sool region of Somalia .
Pâncota ( Hungarian : Pankota ) is a town in Arad County , western Transylvania , Romania .
Tomb KV8 , located in the Valley of the Kings , was used for the burial of Pharaoh Merenptah of Ancient Egypt 's Nineteenth Dynasty .
Suszec ( ˈsuʂɛt͡s ) ( German Sussetz ) is a village in Pszczyna County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University , Hyderabad ( JNTU Hyderabad ) is a public university , located in Hyderabad , Telangana , India , and one of the India 's leading educational university focusing on engineering .
Ukhta ( Russian : Ухта́ ; Komi : Уква , Ukva ) is an important industrial town in the Komi Republic of Russia .
The College of Agriculture in Gonbad was first established as a junior college in 1985 in the city of Gonbad - e Qabus , Iran .
Bystrinsky District ( Russian : Быстри́нский райо́н ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) of Kamchatka Krai , Russia , one of the eleven in the krai .
Sankt Thomas is a village in the district Bitburg - Prüm , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Məlikəhmədli ( also , Melikakhmedli ) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Puracé National Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Natural Puracé ) is a national park located in the Andean Region of Colombia , southeast of the city of Popayán in the Cordillera Central range .
Voorhout ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvoːrɦʌut ) ) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
The Stadion an der Gisselberger Straße is a football stadium in the district of Ockershausen in Marburg , Germany .
Puerto Aguirre is an important inland riverport in Bolivia near the border with Brazil .
Winton Motor Raceway is a motor racing track in Winton , near Benalla , Victoria , Australia .
Kuce ( ˈkut͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Palacio de los Gosálvez is a palace in Villalgordo del Júcar in the Province of Albacete , Spain .
The Advisory Committee on Works of Art is a committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
Hirmand County ( Persian : شهرستان هیرمند‎ ) is a county in Sistan va Baluchestan Province in Iran .
Moss Jernverk ( Moss Ironworks ) was an ironwork in Moss , Norway .
Orion Optics is a telescope manufacturer in Crewe , England in the United Kingdom .
Hăghig ( Hungarian : Hídvég , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈhiːdveːɡ ) ) is a commune in Covasna County , Romania composed of two villages :
Timi ( Greek : Τίμη ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 8 km east of Paphos .
Tonson Group is a diversified investment company based in Bangkok , Thailand that is part of the Ratanarak Group .
Severní ( German : Hilgersdorf ) is a settlement in the north of the Czech Republic , in the Šluknov Hook region of Bohemia .
Kuressaare ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈkuresˑ'sɑːre ) ) , also known as Arensburg , is a town and a municipality on Saaremaa island in Estonia .
Triandria ( Greek : Τριανδρία ) is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and was a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki , Greece .
La Marañosa is a locality of Madrid , Spain .
Siahkalrud ( Persian : سياهكلرود‎ , also Romanized as Sīāhkalrūd and Seyāhkalarūd ; also known as Oţāqvar ) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ailesbury Road ( Bóthar Aelsbaire in Irish ) , Dublin 4 , Ireland , is a tree - lined avenue linking Sydney Parade Station on Sydney Parade Avenue and the Church of the Sacred Heart , Donnybrook .
Townsville Airport is serviced by major Australian domestic and regional airlines , and in 2011/12 handled 1.7 million passengers making it the 11th busiest airport in Australia .
Fyns Amt ( English : Funen County ) is a former county ( Danish , amt ) in central Denmark , comprising the islands of Funen , Langeland , Tåsinge , Ærø , and approximately 90 other islands , of which only 25 are inhabited .
Baqerabad - e Kord ( Persian : باقرابادكرد‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerābād - e Kord ; also known as Bāqerābād ) is a village in Basharyat - e Sharqi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Qamat ( Persian : قامت‎ , also Romanized as Qāmat ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kawartha Lakes This Week is a twice - weekly , community newspaper in Lindsay , Ontario , Canada , that was established in 1977 under the title Lindsay This Week .
Darreh - ye Harreh ( Persian : دره حره‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Ḩarreh ; also known as Darreh - ye Hūreh ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Casa Roig Museum is a historic house museum and gallery in Humacao , Puerto Rico .
The Blue Nile Falls is a waterfall on the Blue Nile river in Ethiopia .
Anzeha ( Persian : انزها‎ , also Romanized as Anzehā , Anzeh - ha , and Anzhā ; also known as Izha ) is a village in Hablerud Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
DR Byen ( literally : DR City ) is the headquarters of the Danish national broadcasting corporation ( DR ) , located in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Rikhak - e Sofla ( Persian : ريخك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Rīkhak - e Soflá ; also known as Haft Sahmī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bacha Shah Nagar ( Bengali : বাচা শাহ নগর ) is a village of Rangunia Upazila at Chittagong District in the Division of Chittagong , Bangladesh .
The Palazzo dell'Arengario is a Fascist - era complex of two symmetrical buildings in Piazza del Duomo , the central piazza of Milan , Italy .
Sintashta ( Russian : Синташта ) is an archaeological site in Chelyabinsk Oblast , Russia .
Marciana Marina is a town and comune in the province of Livorno ( administrative region of Tuscany , Italy ) , one of the most important towns of Elba Island .
The Hall Mark Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race under set weights with penalties conditions for horses three years old and older , held over a distance of 1200 metres at Randwick Racecourse , Sydney , Australia in April .
The Little Danube ( Slovak : Malý Dunaj , Hungarian : Kis - Duna , German : Kleine Donau ) is a branch of the river Danube in Slovakia .
Hawijat al - Sallah ( Arabic : حويجة السلة‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located north of Hama .
The St. Aurelie Maine - St. Aurelie Quebec Border Crossing is a border crossing on the Canada - United States border , located 8 miles east of Saint - Prosper , Quebec .
The French Institute of Pondicherry ( French : Institut Français de Pondichéry ) UMIFRE 21 CNRS - MAEE , is a French financially autonomous institution in Puducherry , India , under the joint supervision of the French Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs ( MAEE ) and the French National Centre for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) .
Mount Süphan ( Turkish : Süphan Dağı , Kurdish : Sîpana Xelatê‎ , Armenian : Սիփան , Sipan ) , is a stratovolcano located in eastern Turkey , immediately north of Lake Van .
Brunnbäck is a small community in Sweden , eight kilometers southeast of Avesta in Dalarna at a crossing of Dalälven .
Kuruburu is a village in Chintamani Taluk in the Chikballapur district in the state of Karnataka , India .
Oswaldo Guevara Mujica Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto General de Brigada Oswaldo Guevara Mujica ) ( IATA : AGV , ICAO : SVAC ) , is an airport serving Acarigua , a city in the state of Portuguesa in Venezuela .
Manama ( Arabic : المنامة‎ Al Manāma ) is the capital and largest city of Bahrain , with an approximate population of 157,000 people .
Ontinyent ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ontiˈɲent ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community , Spain .
The Party for Full Democracy ( Luxembourgish : Partei fir Integral Demokratie , French : Parti pour la democratie integrale , German : Partei für Integrale Demokratie ) , abbreviated to PID , is a political party in Luxembourg .
Zlatna ( German : Schlatten , Goldenmarkt ; Hungarian : Zalatna ; Latin : Ampellum ) is a town in Alba County , central Transylvania , Romania .
Bellary is a historic city in Ballari district in Karnataka state , India .
Kamfers Dam is a privately owned permanent water body of 400 ha , situated to the immediate north of Kimberley , South Africa .
The Al - Jalila Field is an oil field located offshore of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf .
Baćkowice ( bat͡ɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Durnholzer See ( Italian : Lago di Valdurna ; German : Durnholzer See ) is a lake in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Al - Suwaira ( Arabic : الصويرة‎ ) is city in Al - Suwaira District , Wasit Governorate , Iraq .
Hôtel Tfeila , formerly the Novotel Tfeila , is a hotel in Nouakchott , Mauritania , located on the Avenue Charles de Gaulle .
St. Catharines ( 2011 population 131,400 ; metropolitan population 392,184 ) is the largest city in Canada 's Niagara Region and the sixth largest urban area in Ontario , with 96.11 square kilometres of land .
Needham 's Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the southwest coast of Barbados .
Mandranwala is a village near Daska in Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
San José de Pare is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department , Colombia , part of the subregion of the Ricaurte Province .
Tavildara District or Nohiyai Tavildara ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Тавилдара/Persian : ناحیهٔ طویل‌دره‎ ) is a large eastern district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan , extending north of the Darvaz Range that forms the boundary of the Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province ( GBAO ) .
The Riñihue Lake ( Spanish : Lago Riñihue , Spanish pronunciation : ( riˈɲiwe ) Pronounced : /rinˈjiːwɛ/ REEN - yee - WE ) is a lake of glacial origin in eastern Valdivia Province , southern Chile .
Jabłonna - Majątek ( jaˈbwɔnna maˈjɔntɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bahía Tortugas Airfield ( IATA : N / A ) is a public paved airstrip located North of Bahía Tortugas , Municipality of Mulegé , Baja California Sur , Mexico , a fishing town located on the Pacific Ocean coast .
Juniper Airport ( TC LID : CCE3 ) , is a private airfield located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) northeast of Juniper , New Brunswick Canada .
The Leipziger Volkszeitung or LVZ ( German for Leipzig People 's Newspaper ) is a daily regional newspaper in Leipzig and western Saxony , Germany .
The Gave d'Ossau is the torrential river flowing through the Ossau Valley , one of the three main valleys of the High - Béarn ( Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) , in the Southwest of France .
British College is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando , Colchagua Province , Chile .
Eldgjá ( Icelandic pronunciation , English : Fire Canyon ) is a volcano and a canyon in Iceland .
Neil Road ( Chinese : 尼路 ) is a one - way road in Chinatown and Tanjong Pagar in the planning areas of Outram and Bukit Merah in Singapore .
Arzantak ( Persian : ارزانتاك‎ , also Romanized as Arzantāk ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Innellan is a village that lies on the east shore of the Cowal peninsula , on the Firth of Clyde , 4 miles south of the town of Dunoon in Scotland , United Kingdom .
Vardetangen is a point in Austrheim municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Eucla Basin is an artesian depression located in Western Australia and South Australia .
Emirates International School ( Arabic : مدرسة الإمارات الدولیة‎ ) is a private international school system in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Petrovaradin Fortress ( Serbian : Петроварадинска тврђава or Petrovaradinska tvrđava , pronounced ( pɛtrɔv̞arǎdiːnskaː tv̞ř̩dʑav̞a ) , Hungarian : Péterváradi vár , German : Peterwardein ) is a fortress in Novi Sad , Serbia .
Karkaj ( Persian : كركج‎ ; also known as Gargaj , Karga , Kargaj , Kargeh , and Kiarga ) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary ( French : Filles du Saint - Cœur de Marie ) is a Roman Catholic religious institute , founded in Senegal on May 24 , 1858 by Aloyse Kobès .
Benipatti is a subdivision ( Anumandal in Hindi ) in Madhubani district of Bihar , India .
Agatu is a Local Government Area of Benue State , Nigeria created in 1996 .
Mukhtolovo ( Russian : Мухтолово ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Ardatovsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located 165 kilometers ( 103 mi ) southwest of Nizhny Novgorod .
Bitovik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Битовик ) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia , above the town of Prijepolje .
Mortzwiller ( German : Morzweiler ) is a former commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
La Spezia Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo della Spezia ; Cattedrale di Cristo Re ; `` Cathedral of Christ King '' ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in La Spezia , Italy .
Instituto Regional Federico Errázuriz ( Federico Errázuriz Regional Institute , in Spanish ) , also known as President Errázuriz Regional Institute or I.R.F.E. , is a primary and secondary school in Santa Cruz , O'Higgins Region , Chile .
Clervaux Castle ( Luxembourgish : Schlass Klierf , German : Schloss Clerf , French : Château de Clervaux ) in the town of Clervaux in northern Luxembourg dates back to the 12th century .
Oilouch is an island in the Rock Islands of Palau .
Tanjung Puting National Park is a national park in Indonesia located in the southeast part of West Kotawaringin Regency in the Indonesian province of Central Kalimantan ( Central Borneo ) .
San Miguel Petapa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san miˈɣel peˈtapa ) ) is a municipality in the Guatemala department of Guatemala , located south of Guatemala City .
The Château de Montbéliard ( Castle of Montbeliard ) , also known as the Château des ducs de Württemberg ( Castle of the Dukes of Württemberg ) is a fortress located on an outcropping rock that surveys the town of Montbéliard in the Doubs département of France .
Drlače ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дрлаче ) is a village in Serbia .
Raziyələr ( also , Rəzələr and Razalyar ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bandırma ( from Greek : Πάνορμος , Panormos ) is a city in northwestern Turkey with 143,000 inhabitants ( 2012 estimate ) on the Sea of Marmara .
Kitimat is a district municipality in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
Bystre - Chrzany ( ˈbɨstrɛ ˈxʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thaur is a municipality in the district of Innsbruck - Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol located 5 km east of Innsbruck between Rum , Austria and Hall in Tirol .
Kula Eco Park is an ecological preserve in Fiji .
Khartoum American School , founded in 1957 , is an international school in Khartoum , Sudan that teaches an American / international curriculum .
Electro Quarterstaff is an instrumental metal band hailing from Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Marist Sisters ' College , Woolwich is a systemic Roman Catholic secondary school for girls , located in Woolwich , a Lower North Shore suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Sing Buri ( Thai pronunciation : ( sǐŋ būrīː ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , capital of the Sing Buri Province .
Nowoberezowo ( nɔvɔbɛrɛˈzɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Lanneuffret ( Breton : Lanneured ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Lauca National Park is located in Chile 's far north , in the Andean range .
Newpark Comprehensive School ( Irish : Scoil Chuimsitheach na Páirce Nua ) is a Protestant , non - fee paying , co - educational comprehensive secondary school under Church of Ireland management , situated on Newtown Park Avenue in Blackrock , County Dublin , Ireland .
The Sicilian Alliance ( it . : Alleanza Siciliana ; sic . : Allianza Siciliana ) is a minor autonomist and national - conservative political party in Sicily , Italy .
Steinhovden is a village with 119 inhabitants in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Nitzan Bet ( Hebrew : ניצן ב'‎ ) is a community settlement in southern Israel .
Nova Civitas website Nova Civitas was founded in 1992 in the tradition of the Belgian 1980s Ludwig Von Mises Institute as a new political club to support the rebirth of a strong liberal movement in Belgium dominated by the VLD in Flanders and the Liberal Reformist Party in Wallonia .
Narkuiyeh ( Persian : ناركوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Nārkū’īyeh ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vạn Hạnh Zen Temple is a Zen Buddhist temple in Ho Chi Minh City , the largest city in Vietnam .
Goświnowice ( ɡɔɕfinɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Surgut ( Russian : Сургут ; IPA : ( sʊrˈgut ) ) is a city in Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the Ob River near its junction with the Irtysh River .
Shri Dev Koleshwar is an ancient Shri Dattaguru Temple located at Kolthare , a village from Dapoli Taluka of Ratnagiri District from Maharashtra state in India .
The Forest Railway Welschbruch ( French : Le chemin de fer forestier de la forêt de Barr , German : Waldeisenbahn Welschbruch ) was a narrow gauge forest railway near Barr in the Bas - Rhin department of France .
Bergsfjord Church ( Norwegian : Bergsfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county , Norway .
Nanyangachor ( or Nanyang'achor ) is a community in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan .
Jandin ( Persian : جندين‎ , also Romanized as Jandīn ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kuhsenjan ( Persian : كوه سنجان‎ , also Romanized as Kūhsenjān ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Örkény is a small town in Pest county , Hungary , 50 km ( 31 mi ) south of Budapest .
Kulob Airport or Kulyab Airport ( IATA : TJU , ICAO : UTDK ) is an airport serving Kulob ( also spelled Kulyab ) , a city in the Khatlon province in Tajikistan .
Football Club Shakhter ( Kazakh : `` Шахтер '' футбол клубы ) , commonly referred to as FC Shakhter Karagandy ( Kazakh : Қарағанды/Qarağandı ( qɑɾɑˈʁɑndə ) ) , is a professional football club based in Karagandy , Kazakhstan .
Zarzar ( Persian : زرزر‎ ; also known as Raz Zarzar ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Pasha ( Persian : قشلاق پاشا‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Pāshā ; also known as Kūhel Qeshlāq and Kūyl Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gord Rudbar ( Persian : گردرودبار‎ , also Romanized as Gord Rūdbār and Gerd Rūdbār ; also known as Kord Rūdbār ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tihoubar or Aïne Tihoubar is a settlement and hot spring of 45 degrees Celsius in the Sahara Desert of eastern Algeria , Illizi Province .
The Northern Red Sea Region of Eritrea is one of the country 's six regions .
Zarneh ( Persian : زرنه‎ ; also known as Kāni Zarnah , Kanī Razneh , and Zarrīneh ) is a city in and capital of Zarneh District , in Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Colville Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CED7 ) , is located just west of Colville Lake , Northwest Territories , Canada and may be used for ski equipped aircraft in the winter months .
Net Park is a 48-story green and sustainable corporate tower located in Bonifacio Global City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Góry Opolskie ( ˈɡurɨ ɔˈpɔlskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kod Rud - e Yek ( Persian : كدرود1‎ , also Romanized as Kod Rūd - e Yek ; also known as Kod Rūd , Kodrūt , and Kūh - e Do Rūd ) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Punta Pariñas is the westernmost point in mainland South America , located at 04 ° 40′45``S 81 ° 19′35''W. Punta Pariñas is in Peru , in the La Brea District , Talara Province , Piura Region .
The Lakes of Covadonga ( el . 1134 m. ) are composed of two glacial lakes located on the region of Asturias , Spain .
The Val Bregaglia ( Lombard : Val Bargaja , German : das Bergell , Romansh : Val Bregaglia ) is an alpine valley of Switzerland and Italy at the base of which runs the river Mera ( Lombard : Maira in Switzerland ) .
Jebel Yagour ( French : Plateau du Yagour ) is a mountain in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco located to the south of Marrakesh .
Leith Valley is a suburb , valley , and general area of the New Zealand city of Dunedin , located to the northwest of the city centre .
Cayetano Heredia University ( Spanish : Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia , UPCH ; or simply Cayetano Heredia ) is a private university located in Lima , Peru .
Partizánske ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈpartɪzaːnskɛ ) , meaning approximately partisan town , formerly : Baťovany ; Hungarian : Simony , pronounced ( ˈʃimoɲ ) ) is a town in Trenčín Region , Slovakia .
The City Hall of Tilburg or Palace - Council House ( Dutch : Paleis - Raadhuis ) is a former royal palace and presently a part of Tilburg city hall in the Netherlands .
Manambotra Sud ( Manambotra Atsimo ) is a town and commune in Madagascar .
Ghonchi District or Nohiya - i Ghonchi ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ғончӣ ; Persian : ناحیه غانچی‎ ; Russian : Ганчи ) , also Ganchi District , is a district in the center of Sughd province , Tajikistan , located south of the provincial capital Khujand and bordering on Kyrgyzstan to the east .
Nur ( Rawalpindi ) railway station ( Urdu : نور(راولپنڈی ) ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Nur , Rawalpindi city , Rawalpindi district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Mazraeh - ye Khureh Zardi ( Persian : مزرعه خوره زردي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Khūreh Zardī ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 40 , in 6 families .
Tensta Church ( Swedish : Tensta kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
The Al - Kafaàt University ( AKU ) ( Arabic : جامعة الكفاءات‎ ) is a private , independent university established in Beirut , Lebanon .
Edjeleh is a village in the commune of In Amenas , in In Amenas District , Illizi Province , Algeria , located near the border with Libya .
Triunfo Potiguar is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil .
Wola Przedmiejska ( ˈvɔla pʂɛdˈmjɛi̯ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Stangeland is a borough of the city of Sandnes , Norway .
TransBunbury is the public bus transportation system in Bunbury , Western Australia , consisting of 10 public routes as well as 30 school routes .
During the First World War South African troops conquered the German colony of South West Africa in 1915 , and took control of Ovamboland in 1917 , though it still lay outside the `` police zone '' .
Jaisalmer TV Tower is one of the tallest structures in India , located at Jaisalmer .
Lac - Édouard railway station is an unmanned Via Rail shelter ( request stop ) in the village of Lac - Édouard , Quebec , Canada .
Las Bambas copper mine is a large project located in Apurímac , Peru .
Mirca ( population 327 ) is a town one the north side of the island of Brač in Croatia .
Myrens Verksted is an industrial area in Norway on the east side of the Akerselva river , situated between the bridges Bentsebrua and Vøyenbrua in the southwest part of Torshov , in what is today the Sagene Borough of Oslo .
Podčetrtek ( German : Windisch Landsberg ) is a settlement and a municipality in eastern Slovenia .
Loka pri Dobrni ( pronounced ( ˈloːka pɾi ˈdoːbəɾni ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Dobrna in Slovenia .
Gondar or Gonder ( Amharic : ጎንደር ? , Gonder or Gondär ; formerly ጐንደር , Gʷandar or Gʷender ) is a city and separate woreda in Ethiopia .
Kirzhach ( Russian : Киржа́ч ) is a town and the administrative center of Kirzhachsky District in Vladimir Oblast , Russia , located on the Kirzhach River in the west of the oblast , 125 kilometers ( 78 mi ) west of Vladimir and 29 kilometers ( 18 mi ) south of Alexandrov .
Oyarifa is a town in the Ga East Municipal district , a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana .
Złotoryja ( zwɔtɔˈrɨja ) ( German : Goldberg , Latin : Aureus Mons , Aurum ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship of southwestern Poland .
Journalists for Human Rights ( JHR ) is an international media development charity and non - governmental organization based in Toronto , Canada .
The Gotland Museum ( Swedish : Gotlands museum ) ( previously known as Länsmuseet på Gotland or Gotlands Fornsal ) in Visby , Sweden , is the county museum of Gotland .
Mangere Island is part of the Chatham Islands archipelago , located about 800 kilometres ( 500 mi ) east of New Zealand 's South Island and has an area of 113 hectares ( 279 acres ) .
St Patrick 's Island ( Irish : Inis Pádraig , meaning `` St Patrick 's Island '' ) is the most distant of three low - lying uninhabited islets off the headland of Skerries , County Dublin in Ireland .
Tarapoa Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Tarapoa ) ( IATA : TPC , ICAO : SETR ) is an airport serving Tarapoa , a city in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador .
Tolombeh - ye Babai ( Persian : تلمبه بابائي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Bābā’ī ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Farsangi Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ableton 's office is located in the Mitte district of Berlin , Germany with a second office in Pasadena , California .
The Pantanos de Centla is a tropical moist forest ecoregion in southern Mexico , which includes seasonally flooded forests and wetlands .
The Angliss International Hotel School ( AIHS ) is a university - level provider of hotel management education , located in Canberra , Australia 's Capital .
The State Coal Mine , also known as State Coal Mine Heritage Area , is a former 20th century state - owned black coal mine located in Wonthaggi , Victoria , Australia .
Al Baraha ( Arabic : البراحة‎ ) is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Sabzevar Airport ( Persian : فرودگاه سبزوار‎‎ ) ( IATA : AFZ , ICAO : OIMS ) is an airport in Sabzevar , Iran .
The Baghdadi Museum ( Arabic : المتحف البغدادي ) is a local history museum located in and about the capital city of Baghdad , Iraq .
Al - Bukamal District ( Arabic : منطقة البوكمال , translit . : manṭiqat Albū Kamāl ) is a district of the Deir ez - Zor Governorate in Northeastern Syria .
La Vall de Núria ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ɫə ˈβaʎ də ˈnuɾiə ) , `` The Valley of Núria '' ) is a south - opening valley coming down from the crest of the Pyrenees within the municipality of Queralbs , province of Girona , community of Catalonia , Spain .
Chachersk ( Belarusian : Чачэрск , ( tʂaˈtʂɛrsk ) , Russian : Чечерск , Polish : Czeczersk ) is a city in the Gomel Region of Belarus , an administrative center of the Chachersk district .
Aviatsionnaya Ispitatelnaya Stantsiya was a naval air test station in Russia during World War I notable for designing and producing several aircraft designs .
Suryanar Kovil ( also called Suryanar Temple ) is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Hindu Sun - God , located in Suryanar Kovil , a village near the South Indian own of Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu , India .
The Tour of Szeklerland is an European cycling stage race held in Romania .
Ilirska Bistrica railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Ilirska Bistrica ) serves the nearby village of Ilirska Bistrica , Slovenia .
Gorno Dupeni ( Macedonian : Горно Дупени ) is a village in the Resen Municipality of Macedonia , north of Lake Prespa .
The Norstedt Building ( Swedish : Norstedtshuset ) is the main office of P.A. Norstedt & Söner AB on Riddarholmen in Stockholm , Sweden .
Alliston Airport , ( TC LID : CNY4 ) , is located 1.3 nautical miles ( 2.4 km ; 1.5 mi ) northeast of Alliston , Ontario , Canada .
The Pyramid of Djedefre consists today mostly of ruins located at Abu Rawash in Egypt .
Afghan National Civil Order Police ( ANCOP ) is a special police unit developed in July 2006 by Colonel Jack Stankiewicz , US Army , Police Reformation Directorate , CSTC - A of the law enforcement agency in Afghanistan .
Wansuqucha ( Quechua qucha lake , hispanicized spellings Huanzoccocha , Huanzococha , also Wansuqocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region , La Unión Province , Huaynacotas District .
Berat Castle ( Albanian : Kalaja e Beratit ) is a fortress overlooking the town of Berat , Albania .
The Castle of Alcoutim ( Portuguese : Castelo de Alcoutim ) is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Alcoutim , in the municipality of the same name , in the southeastern Algarve of Portugal .
Lake Tulos ( Russian : Тулос , Finnish : Tuulijärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , Russia , near Finnish border .
Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport ( French : Aéroport international de Yaoundé - Nsimalen ) ( IATA : NSI , ICAO : FKYS ) , also known as Nsimalen airport , is the second busiest and largest public airport in Cameroon .
Pawon ( known locally as Candi Pawon ) is a Buddhist temple in Central Java , Indonesia .
Helvecia is a town ( comuna ) in the center - east of the province of Santa Fe , Argentina , on the San Javier River ( which empties promptly into the Paraná River ) .
Mont des Alouettes is a hill near Les Herbiers in Vendée , France .
Devi Balika Vidyalaya is a public national girls '' school in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Khvajeh Bolaghi ( Persian : خواجه بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Bolāghī ; also known as Khājeh Bolāgh and Khvājeh Bolāgh ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Shetou Station ( Chinese : 社頭車站 ; pinyin : Shètóu Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Shetou Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
Dessau is a city in Germany on the junction of the rivers Mulde and Elbe , in the Bundesland ( Federal State ) of Saxony - Anhalt .
Jurbarkas ( pronunciation , known also by several alternative names ) is a city in Tauragė County , Lithuania .
The Château de Termes is a ruined castle near the village of Termes in the Aude département of France .
Bronte Creek is a waterway in the Lake Ontario watershed of Ontario Canada .
Kolakovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Колаковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mathiatis ( Greek : Μαθιάτης ( locally ( maˈθcatis ) ) ; Turkish : Matiyat ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Inver ( Irish : Inbhear , meaning `` estuary '' ) is a village in County Donegal , Ireland .
The National Dong Hwa University ( NDHU ; Chinese : 國立東華大學 ) is a comprehensive public institution of higher learning in Hualien County , Taiwan .
Štip ( Macedonian : Штип ( ʃtip ) ) is the largest urban agglomeration in the eastern part of the Republic of Macedonia , serving as the economic , industrial , entertainment and educational focal point for the surrounding municipalities .
Viseu Cathedral is the bishopric seat of the city of Viseu , in Portugal .
Kamloops North railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Kamloops , British Columbia , Canada , at the Canadian National Railway Yards .
Marinkovci ( Cyrillic : Маринковци ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Catholic University of Mechelen ( Latin : Universitas catholica Belgii ) was a university that was founded in Mechelen ( French : Malines ) , Belgium , on November 8 , 1834 by the bishops of Belgium .
The Bașburun River is a river in Romania , tributary of the Măcin Branch of the Danube .
The Lao People 's Armed Forces is the name of the armed forces of Laos , who are charged with protecting the country .
Monte Real is a town ( vila in Portuguese ) and a former civil parish in the municipality of Leiria , Portugal .
Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences ( Ontario Shores ) , commonly referred to as `` Whitby Psych '' is a public hospital located in Whitby , Ontario , Canada , providing a range of specialized assessment and treatment services to those living with complex and serious mental illness .
Koreh Band ( Persian : كره بند‎ , also Romanized as Korreh Band ; also known as Karaband , Khowreh Band , and Kurreh Band ) is a village in Angali Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Nampo Stadium ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 남포경기장 ; Hanja:南浦競技場 ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Nampo , North Korea .
The Central Gardens Nature Reserve , also called the Central Gardens , is a protected nature reserve located in the western suburbs of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Ethamukkala is a village in Kothapatnam mandal , located in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The County of Two Hills No . 21 is a municipal district in east - central Alberta , Canada .
Chanéaz is a former municipality in the district of Jura - Nord Vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Garuk Dam is a proposed dam located on Garuk River , 47 km south east of Kharan District in Balochistan , Pakistan .
World Festival of Animated Film Zagreb ( Croatian : Svjetski festival animiranog filma ) , also known as Animafest Zagreb , is a film festival entirely dedicated to animated film held annually in Zagreb , Croatia .
Chitti Mitti ( White Clay ) is a small village in the Bandala Valley in the region of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Aldeia de Santa Margarida is a parish ( freguesia ) in the municipality of Idanha - a - Nova in Portugal .
Mjølvik is a small isolated coastal hamlet in Tromsø , Troms county in Northern Norway .
The University of Augsburg ( German : Universität Augsburg ) is a university located in the Universitätsviertel section of Augsburg , Germany .
Bota Sot ( English : World Today ) is a daily newspaper from Kosovo , originally published by members of the Kosovo diaspora in Switzerland .
Ambanja ( amˈbandzə̥ ) is a city and commune in northern Madagascar .
Until the East India Company rule , the Kumbh Melas were managed by the akharas ( sects ) of religious ascetics known as the sadhus .
Ludvika Town Hall ( Swedish : Ludvika stadshus ) is the official Municipal Council building for the City of Ludvika in Dalarna County , Sweden .
Gelvard - e Bozorg ( Persian : گلوردبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Gelvard - e Bozorg ; also known as Gīlavard Bozorg , and Gīlavard - e Bozorg ) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Communities Liaison Committee ( CLC ) was established in 1949 by the British rulers of Malaysia , comprising the top echelon of Malayan politicians from different communities , to address sensitive issues , especially those related to ethnicity .
Poděbrady ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpoɟɛbradɪ ) ; German : Podiebrad ) is a historical spa town in the Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
The Comoé National Park is a Biosphere Reserve and UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Zanzan and Savanes Districts of north - eastern Ivory Coast .
Vilakkottur is a small village in Kannur district of Kerala , India .
Sasmaka Manor ( Latvian : Sasmakas muižas pils ) is a manor house located in a park near Lake Sasmaka west coast , near Valdemārpils , Talsi municipality , in the historical region of Courland , western Latvia .
Vouziers ( French pronunciation : ​(vu.zje ) ) is a commune of the Ardennes department in northern France .
Noirmoutier - en - l'Île , commonly referred to as Noirmoutier , is a commune located in the northern part of the island of Noirmoutier , just off the coast of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Pegeia ( also spelt Peyia ; Greek : Πέγεια ) is a town in the Paphos District of Cyprus .
Fort Beauséjour ( French pronunciation : ​(fɔʁ boseˈʒuːʁ ) ) was a large five - star fort on the Isthmus of Chignecto , a neck of land connecting present - day New Brunswick with Nova Scotia , Canada .
CFVP is the full - time shortwave rebroadcaster of CKMX in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Nedelino ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Неделино ) is a town and municipality in the Rhodope Mountains of the Smolyan Province , southern Bulgaria .
HNoMS King Haakon VII , was a Royal Norwegian Navy escort ship during World War II , named after King Haakon VII of Norway .
Baron Cozens - Hardy , of Letheringsett in the County of Norfolk , was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Stenje ( Macedonian : Стење ) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia .
Moharam Bek ( Arabic : محرم بيه‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Broek op Langedijk ( West Frisian : Broek op Lengedìk ) is a town in the Netherlands , located in the municipality of Langedijk in the province of North Holland .
Donets originates in the Central Russian Upland , north of Belgorod , flows south - east through Ukraine ( Kharkiv , Donetsk and Luhansk Oblasts ) and then again through Russia ( Rostov Oblast ) to join the Don River , about 100 km ( 62 mi ) from the Sea of Azov .
Újfehértó ( Yiddish , German : Ratzfert ) is a small town in Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg county , in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary .
The Monte Mutria is a mountain in the Matese mountain range , part of the central - southern Apennines , southern Italy .
Aniezo is a hamlet in the municipality of Cabezón de Liébana , ( Cantabria , Spain ) .
Salakas ( Polish : Sołoki ) is a town in northeastern Lithuania .
Sinjajevina ( pronounced ( sǐɲajɛʋina ) ; also known as Sinjavina , ( sǐɲaːʋina ) ) is a mountain in northern Montenegro .
Bernsbach is a village and a former municipality in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany that together with its constituent community of Oberpfannenstiel has roughly 4,700 inhabitants .
Laufenthal is a village in the Upper Palatinate ( Bavaria , Germany ) , belonging to the administrative district ( Landkreis ) of Regensburg and the market town of Hemau .
Toniná is located at an altitude of 800 to 900 metres ( 2,600 to 3,000 ft ) above mean sea level in the Chiapas highlands of southern Mexico , some 40 miles ( 64 km ) south of the contemporary Maya city of Palenque , Toniná 's greatest rival throughout its recorded history .
The Vingtaine du Rouge Bouillon is one of the six vingtaines of St. Helier Parish in the Channel Island of Jersey .
Lake Galvė is a lake in Trakai Lithuania .
Kalutara ( Sinhalese : කළුතර , Tamil : களுத்துறை ) or Kalutota is a large town in Kalutara District , Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Estagel ( Catalan : Estagell ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Sapporo City Transportation Bureau ( 札幌市交通局 , Sapporo - shi Kōtsū - kyoku ) is a public organization of transportation in Sapporo , Japan .
Sivens Dam , ( Barrage de Sivens ) , is a dam which , as of 2014 , is under construction across the River Tescou , a tributary of the River Tarn in the basin of the Garonne in Southern France .
Fore Abbey ( Irish : Mainistir Fhobhair ) is the old Benedictine Abbey ruin , situated to the north of Lough Lene in County Westmeath , Ireland .
Beur Central Jail is the main prison of Bihar state of India and is located in Patna .
The Chedi Muscat is a luxury 5-star hotel and restaurant in Al Azaiba in northwest Muscat , Oman , set on a private beach .
Chaddesden , also known locally as Chad , is a large residential suburb of Derby , United Kingdom .
Odletajka ( ɔdlɛˈtai̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Przyczyna Górna ( pʂɨˈt͡ʂɨna ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Nossombougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolokani in the Koulikoro Region of south - western Mali .
Kalše ( pronounced ( ˈkaːlʃɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills north of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Bastudalen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Bastudalens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
Mount Makiling , or Mount Maquiling , is a dormant volcano in Laguna province on the island of Luzon , Philippines .
Marqesheh ( Persian : مرقشه‎ , also Romanized as Mārqesheh ) is a village in Churs Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kargabad ( Persian : كرگ آباد‎ , also Romanized as Kargābād ; also known as Gurgābād and Karkābād ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Ch'aqu ( Quechua for a fine , whitish , edible and medicinal kind of clay , hispanicized spelling Chajo ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Gateh - ye Now ( Persian : گته نو‎ ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nahanni Butte ( /nəˈhæniːˈbjuːt/ nə - HA - nee - BYOOT ) ( Slavey language : Tthenáágó `` strong rock '' ) is a `` Designated Authority '' in the Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Lindos ( /ˈlɪndɒs/ ; Greek : Λίνδος ) is an archaeological site , a town and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes , in the Dodecanese , Greece .
The Sahlgrenska University Hospital ( Swedish : Sahlgrenska Universitetssjukhuset ) is a system of hospitals associated with the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg , Gothenburg , Sweden .
Pangandaran is a town and district of Pangandaran Regency within the province of West Java , Indonesia .
1st Tactical Squadron ( known as 1.ELT - 1 Eskadra Lotnictwa Taktycznego in Poland ) is a fighter squadron of Polish Air Force established in 2001 in Mińsk Mazowiecki , Poland .
Ladja ( pronounced ( ˈlaːdja ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The International Wooden Shoe Museum Eelde is a museum in Eelde , the Netherlands , for clogs , clog - making equipment and machinery .
Nowy Kisielin ( ˈnɔvɨ kiˈɕelin ) ( German : Deutsch Kessel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Levuka is a town on the eastern coast of the Fijian island of Ovalau , in Lomaiviti Province , in the Eastern Division of Fiji .
Fresnes Prison ( Centre pénitentiaire de Fresnes ) is the second largest prison in France , located in the town of Fresnes , Val - de - Marne South of Paris .
Tropaia ( Greek : Τρόπαια ) is a village and a former municipality in Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Sandum is a village in Rømskog municipality , Norway .
Von Ahnska magasinet is a port warehouse , which is located on Storgatan in Umeå , Sweden .
The Sierra del Carmen , also called the Sierra Maderas del Carmen , is a northern finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental in the state of Coahuila , Mexico .
Viladamat is a village of Alt Empordà , 6 kilometers to the north from l'Escala , a municipality in Catalonia , Spain .
Fruholmen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Fruholmen fyr , former name Norskholmen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Palacio de las Dueñas ( more properly , Palace of the Dukes of Alba ; occasionally , Palacio de las Pinedas ) is a palace in Seville , Spain , currently belonging to the House of Alba .
Amantea ( Greek : Amanthea ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Cintalapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas , in southern Mexico .
Rasool Pur ( Urdu : رسول پور‎ ) is a village in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Kermanshah ( Persian : کرمانشاه‎‎ , Kirmānshāh ; Kurdish : Kirmaşan : کرماشان also known as Bakhtaran , Bākhtarān , Kermānshāhān and Qahremānshahr ) , the capital of Kermanshah Province , is located 525 kilometres ( 326 miles ) from Tehran in the western part of Iran .
Castalla ( Valencian and Spanish : ( kasˈtaʎa ) ) is a town located in the comarca of L'Alcoià , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Wolbae Station is the station of the first line subway of Daegu located to Dalseo - gu in Daegu , South Korea .
Djeguena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of San in the Ségou Region of Mali .
Bon Jakh ( Persian : بن جخ‎ ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Haeinsa ( 해인사 , 海印寺 : Temple of the Ocean Mudra ) is a head temple of the Jogye Order ( 대한불교조계종 , 大韓佛敎 曹溪宗 ) of Korean Buddhism in the Gaya Mountains ( 가야산 , 伽倻山 ) , South Gyeongsang Province South Korea .
Kahshang Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كاهشنگ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mithenshor ( Tajik : Миденшор ) , ( Persian : میدنشار‎ ) , is the capital of Shughnon District in Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province in south - east Tajikistan is located .
Firebase Fuller ( also known as Dong Ha Mountain or Hill 549 ) is a former U.S. Marine Corps , Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) firebase in central Vietnam .
Separ Deh ( Persian : سپارده‎ , also Romanized as Sepār Deh ; also known as Sebār Deh ) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The State Transit Authority , also referred to as State Transit or STA , is an agency of the Government of New South Wales based in Sydney , Australia , operating bus and ferry services .
The Patinoire Charlemagne is an ice rink in Lyon , France , located in the Confluence quarter , in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon .
Aqagir ( Persian : اقاگير‎ , also Romanized as Āqāgīr ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Muldersdrift , in the Gauteng Province of South Africa , is a picturesque rural area situated between Johannesburg and the Magaliesberg mountain range .
Boolaroo Racecourse is a former racecourse near the suburb of Boolaroo , New South Wales , Australia .
Joo Chiat Single Member Constituency ( Traditional Chinese : 如切單選區;Simplified Chinese : 如切单选区 ) is a defunct Single Member Constituency ( SMC ) located in the eastern region of Singapore .
The Special Region of Yogyakarta ( /ˌjɒɡjəˈkɑrtə/ or /ˌjoʊɡjəˈkɑrtə/ ; Indonesian : Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta , or DIY ) is a region of Indonesia in middle Java .
Papey ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈpʰaːpˌeːi ) ) is an island near the east coast of Iceland in the municipality Djúpavogshreppur and is about 2 square kilometres ( 0.77 sq mi ) in extent , the highest point on the island being about 58 meters above sea level .
Tarajornitsut is an uninhabited tundra highland in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland , within the bounds of Kangaamiut dike swarm .
La Chapelle - Montbrandeix ( Occitan : La Chapéla ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
The Gulf of Bahrain is an inlet of the Persian Gulf on the east coast of Saudi Arabia , separated from the main body of water by the peninsula of Qatar .
Amorsolo Street is a minor north - south roadway that runs parallel to Chino Roces Avenue in Makati , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Lotte World Tower & Lotte World Mall ( Hangul : 롯데월드타워 & 롯데월드몰 ) , also known as Second Lotte World ( Hangul : 제2롯데월드 ) is shopping complex in Songpa District , Seoul , South Korea .
Rig - e Kaput ( Persian : ريگ كپوت‎ , also Romanized as Rīg - e Kapūt ; also known as Rīg - e Kapūtī ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ashkal ( Persian : اشكال‎ , also Romanized as Ashkāl ; also known as Ashkālī ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kinniya Bridge is the longest bridge in Sri Lanka with a length of 396 metres ( 1,299 ft ) .
Folklore of the Low Countries , often just referred to as Dutch folklore , includes the epics , legends , fairy tales and oral traditions of the people of Belgium , Netherlands and Luxembourg .
The Korea Museum of Modern Costume is a fashion museum in Seoul , South Korea .
The Wyndham Branch , also known as the Glenham Branch , was a branch line railway in Southland , New Zealand .
Novozybkov ( Russian : Новозы́бков ) is a historical town in Bryansk Oblast , Russia .
Kamiun ( Persian : كميون‎ , also Romanized as Kamīūn ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Eram District ( Persian : بخش ارم‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mapasingue is a barrio ( neighborhood ) of the city of Guayaquil , Ecuador .
The Nehru Memorial Museum & Library ( NMML ) is a museum and library in New Delhi , India , which aims to preserve and reconstruct the history of the Indian independence movement .
The Council on the Ageing ( NSW ) , established in 1956 , provides leadership in social policy and community information and education for all older persons in New South Wales and Australia .
Louis Botha ( 27 September 1862 -- 27 August 1919 ) was a South African politician who was the first Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa -- the forerunner of the modern South African state .
Jean - Maurice Dehousse ( born 11 October 1936 ) is a former Member of the European Parliament who served Belgium between 1999 and 2004 as a member of the Parti Socialiste .
Bruno Cathala ( born on 23 July 1955 in Pamiers , France ) is a French judge .
Tshilidzi Marwala ( OMB ) born 28 July 1971 in Venda , Transvaal , South Africa is the currently the Deputy Vice Chancellor :
James Carl Newhook ( 2 June 1915 -- 17 May 1997 ) was a New Zealand veterinary scientist , university lecturer and writer .
Werner Streib was born on 13 June 1911 in Pforzheim Germany .
Thomas Burberry ( 27 August 1835 - 4 April 1926 ) was an English gentlemen 's outfitter , and the founder of international chain Burberry , one of the United Kingdom 's largest branded clothing businesses .
Leopoldo Cantancio ( born July 6 , 1963 ) is a retired boxer from the Philippines , who competed for his native country at two Summer Olympics : 1984 and 1988 .
Adriano Goldman is a Brazilian television director and cinematographer born in São Paulo , Brazil .
Argentine composer and conductor Eduardo Alonso - Crespo was born in San Miguel de Tucumán in 1956 , and grew up in the neighboring city of Salta , in Northwestern Argentina .
Jim Cootes is a research associate for the Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research in Canberra , Australia .
Jean - Philippe Brulé ( born May 13 , 1981 ) is a field hockey player from Belgium , who was a member of the national squad that missed qualification for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
In 1983 , was created by Agata Materowicz and Zbigniew Rostkowski the Music Club Anna Jantar `` Bursztyn `` . The Club had over 1500 members in Poland . In 1984 Agata Materowicz , Zbigniew Rostkowski and Roman Woszczek organized the exhibition Anna Jantar- First Step- Last Step '' at the Students Club `` Stodola '' - Warsaw .
Maria - Christine Soetewey ( married Van Vlierberghe ) ( born 19 August 1957 in Kapellen , Belgium ) is a retired Belgian high jumper .
Béla Barényi ( 1 March 1907 in Hirtenberg , Austria -- 30 May 1997 in Boeblingen , Germany ) was an Austrian engineer , of Hungarian heritage and Austrian heritage ( from his father 's and mother 's side , respectively ) .
Robert Forde was born in rural parish of Moviddy near Bandon 16 miles from Cork City , Ireland .
Mullamangalath Parameshwaran Bhattathiripad ( 23 September 1908 -- 10 August 1998 ) , commonly known as M. P. Bhatathirippad or Premji , was a social reformer , cultural leader and actor from Kerala state , India .
Mor Thiam ( born Mor Dogo Thiam in Dakar , Senegal , 1941 ) is a Senegalese drummer , cultural historian , entertainment consultant and is the father of the famed singer Akon .
Mario Domínguez ( born December 1 , 1975 , in Mexico City ) is a Mexican racing driver .
Nilamani Routray was a founder of the Odisha unit of All India Students Federation .
James Iahuat ( born 14 May 1959 ) is a retired boxer who represented Vanuatu .
Tagore Trajano de Almeida Silva , born in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil is a lawyer and professor , he works in the field of study called Animal Rights .
Harald Naegeli ( born December 4 , 1939 ) is a Swiss artist best known as the `` Sprayer of Zurich '' after the graffiti he sprayed in the late 1970s onto walls and buildings in Zürich , Switzerland .
Veronica Rotin ( Maltese pronunciation : ( rɔ'tɪn ) born 4 March 2004 in Tarxien , Malta ) is a Maltese child singer .
Claudio Descalzi ( born 1955 in Milan , Italy ) , he is an Italian businessman , CEO of Eni , the largest Italian company operating in the energy sector , Vice President of Confindustria Energia and Director of Fondazione Teatro alla Scala .
Loiq Sher - Ali ( born 1941 in Tajiki / Persian : Лоиқ Шералӣ/لائق شیرعلی ) was a Tajik poet , Iranologist and one of the most celebrated Persian literary figures of Tajikistan and central Asia .
Ellen Halpenny ( born 25 July 1990 in Napier , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand netball player in the ANZ Championship , playing for the Canterbury Tactix .
Ignacio Solares ( 1945- ) is a prominent Mexican novelist , editor and playwright , whose novel La invasion ( The Invasion , 2004 ) was a bestseller in Mexico and Spain .
Aleko Prodani ( 1942 - 2006 ) was an Albanian actor , Merited Artist of Albania .
Parviz Abnar ( Persian : پرویز آبنار ‎ , born 1958 in Ahvaz , Iran ) is an Iranian sound recordist .
Eliyathamby Ratnasabapathy ( November 3 , 1938 - December 12 , 2006 ) was one of the founder member of the Eelam Revolutionary Organization of Students a Tamil militant group from Sri Lanka and a noted Marxist - Leninist political leader .
Vuk Karadžić was born to parents Stefan and Jegda ( née Zrnić ) in the village of Tršić , near Loznica , which was in the Ottoman Empire ( now in Serbia ) .
Meike de Nooy ( born 2 May 1983 in Eindhoven ) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Ivo Wesby ( 1902 - 1961 ) , born Ignacy Singer in Kraków , Poland , was a composer and director .
Kim Si - jin ( Hangul:김시진 , Hanja : 金始眞 ; born March 20 , 1958 in Pohang , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea ) is a retired pitcher and a former manager in the Korea Baseball Organization .
Nguyễn Tuấn Mạnh ( born 31 July 1990 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Sanna Khanh Hoa F.C. and Vietnam national football team
Viva Donaldson ( 12 March 1893 -- 2 August 1970 ) was a New Zealand teacher , nurse , community leader and local politician .
Ahmad Khan Mahmoodzada ( born 1994/1995 ) is a child actor from Afghanistan .
Beth Chote ( born 27 January 1991 ) is a New Zealand born actress .
Angela Richter , `` Inside Julian Assange '' , Interview Magazine Germany , H. 5 2014 , S. 91 - -97 .
Aelia Verina ( died 484 ) was the Empress consort of Leo I of the Byzantine Empire .
Villem Orav ( March 11 , 1883 , Laiksaare municipality - December 10 , 1952 , Tallinn , Estonia ) was an Estonian historian , teacher , and scholar of pedagogy .
Diana Harkusha ( Ukrainian : Діана Гаркуша , born 5 July 1994 ) is a Ukrainian dancer , model and beauty queen who was 1st Runner up at Miss Ukraine Universe 2014 .
Gerd Schultze - Rhonhof ( born 26 May 1939 ) is a German author and former Generalmajor in the German Army of the Bundeswehr , who , like Udo Walendy , also disputes Germany 's guilt for the Second World War .
Santos Dumont Airport ( IATA : SDU , ICAO : SBRJ ) is the second major airport serving Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Dick Hrstich was a New Zealand professional wrestler , known by his ring names Ray Hrstich and Ray Gordon , who competed in the former Yugoslavia ( his native country ) , New Zealand , Canada , and the United States during the late 1950s and 60s .
Nina Lola Bachhuber was born in Munich , Germany , and obtained her Masters of Fine Arts at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg .
Li Baodong ( Simplified Chinese : 李保东 ; born April 1955 ) is a Chinese diplomat who served as the Permanent Representative of the People 's Republic of China to the United Nations from 2010 to 2013 .
Raja Hasan Sagar is an Indian playback singer was born in December , 1979 in the city of Bikaner , Rajasthan , India .
Rangiahuta Alan Herewini Ruka Broughton ( 21 April 1940 -- 17 April 1986 ) was a New Zealand tohunga , Anglican priest and university lecturer .
Krzysztof Stanowski ( born April 12 , 1959 in Lublin ) is a Polish civic leader who helped develop the non - proft / NGO sector in Poland .
Olari Elts ( born April 27 , 1971 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is an Estonian Conductor .
Tarkan Gözübüyük ( born 15 July 1970 ) is the bass player of the Turkish heavy metal band Mezarkabul ( known as Pentagram in Turkey ) .
Reyes Estévez López ( born 2 August 1976 in Cornellà de Llobregat , Spain ) is a Spanish 1500 metres runner .
Sergio Onofre Jarpa Reyes ( born 8 March 1921 in Rengo , Chile ) is a Chilean politician who served as a member of the cabinet during the government of Augusto Pinochet .
James Crowe Richmond ( 22 September 1822 -- 19 January 1898 ) was a New Zealand politician , engineer , and an early painter in watercolours of the New Zealand landscape .
Haitske Pijlman ( 16 June 1954 ) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who was active between 1975 and 1980 .
Michael Tambak ( born January 1 , 1992 in Maastricht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Dutch Eerste Divisie league club MVV Maastricht .
Alexandru Golban ( born 28 February 1979 in Chişinău , Moldovian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a retired footballer and also former member of Moldova national team .
Tauras Jogėla won silver medal with Lithuania national basketball team at 2009 Europe U-16 championship and was named the championship MVP .
Ernest Manheim ( till 1920 Ernő , then till 1934 Ernst , in the US then Ernest ) ( 27 January 1900 -- 28 July 2002 ) was an US sociologist , anthropologist and composer born in Hungary , at that time part of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Franz Voves ( born 28 February 1953 in Graz , Styria , Austria ) is an Austrian politician of the SPÖ and a former player in the Austrian ice hockey national team .
Godwin Bradbeer ( born 1950 in Dunedin , New Zealand ) , is a New Zealand - born artist now living and working in Australia whose work has evolved from his pioneering photo - media ( incorporating photography , drawing and painting ) to pure drawing .
Ayogu Eze ( born 23 November 1958 ) was elected Senator for the Enugu North constituency of Enugu State , Nigeria , taking office on 29 May 2007 .
In Denmark she performs both under her real name , Tina Dickow , and under the adopted name Tina Dico as well .
Hailed from East - Pakistan , Hamoodur Rahman retained his Pakistani citizenship even after the war and independence of Bangladesh .
Joseph Andy Lui ( born January 7 , 1992 in Tofoa ) is a sprinter from Tonga .
Raphael Schäfer was born in 1979 as a member of the German minority in the Upper Silesian Town of Kędzierzyn - Koźle and in 1986 with his father emigrated from Poland as Aussiedler to settle in northern Germany .
Pierre - Luc Gagnon , also known as PLG ( born May 2 , 1980 in Boucherville , Canada ) , is a Canadian professional skateboarder .
Byomkes Chakrabarti , son of Sarat Chandra Chakrabarti and Sitala Sundari Chakrabarti , was born in Kharar - Gopinathpur village in the Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal , India , in the year 1923 .
Vangelis Ploios ( Greek : Βαγγέλης Πλοιός , born November 13 , 1937 in Peristeri , Greece ) is a Greek theatrical , film and television actor .
Arne Blomberg , was born in 1930 in Gothenburg , Sweden .
Andrew Richter , Ph.D. , is an assistant professor in the department of political science at the University of Windsor in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Isaac Newton Watt ( 1821 - -1886 ) was a soldier , merchant and a Member of Parliament in Taranaki , New Zealand , in the mid to late 19th century .
Miodrag Perunović ( born 10 December 1957 in Cetinje ) is a former professional boxer from Montenegro .
Juliana Pasha ( born 20 May 1980 , Burrel , Albania ) is an Albanian singer .
Franz Lambert ( born 11 March 1948 in Heppenheim , Germany ) is a German composer and organist .
Alfredo Petit - Vergel ( born July 24 , 1936 in Havana , Cuba ) is the Titular Bishop of Buslacena and the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Havana .
Enrique Campos ( born 7 January 1961 ) is a retired road bicycle racer from Venezuela .
Flavio Cipolla ( born 20 October 1983 ) is a professional tennis player on the ATP Tour from Italy .
Pana Hema Taylor ( born 1989 ) is a New Zealand television actor of Maori heritage , best known for his roles in Spartacus , The Brokenwood Mysteries and the hit series , Westside .
Juan Carlos Méndez Guédez is a Venezuelan writer born in Barquisimeto , Venezuela in 1967 .
Joshua Booth ( ca 1758 -- October 27 , 1813 ) was a soldier and political figure in Upper Canada .
Csaba Hell ( born 20 May 1970 ) is a former Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Hungary 's national team .
Dorothy Tangney started her career as a school teacher in Perth , Western Australia .
Nicole Fuentes , also Nicole Fuentes - Kalifatidis ( born February 11 , 1984 in Almaty , raised in Moscow , Russia ) is a singer .
Ian Hassall is a New Zealand paediatrician and children 's advocate .
Sedat Laçiner ( born 1972 , Kırıkkale , Turkey ) , academic , columnist and author , is a Turkish academic specialist on the Middle East and International Relations , with particular reference to Turkish foreign policy and rector of the Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University ( COMU ) .
Freddy Excelino González Martínez ( born 18 June 1975 in La Ceja , Colombia ) , also known as Fredy González , is a Colombian road racing cyclist .
Umberto Lenzi 's Orgasmo ( 1969 ) was retitled Paranoia when it was released in the USA , and it was so successful under that title , the Italian producers asked Lenzi to make another giallo called Paranoia ( 1970 ) to be distributed in Italy .
Telemachos Kanthos ( 1910 - -1993 ) was born in Alona , a village in the highland Pitsillia area of Cyprus .
Jérémy Bigot ( born 1 August 1983 in Versailles , France ) is a professional ice hockey player , he is currently an attacker for the SO Chambéry .
Gundi Ellert ( born September 8 , 1951 in Lengenfeld , Germany ) is a German television actress .
Valerie van der Graaf ( born 12 February 1992 in Rotterdam , Zuid - Holland , Netherlands ) is a Dutch model who has appeared in Vogue and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue .
Raziah Ahmed , FLMI , ACS , MBA is a Senator and Member of Parliament of Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
Tatiana Echeverri Fernandez ( born 1974 , Costa Rica ) is an artist living and working in Berlin who works in serval mediums including installations , sculpture and performance .
John Lees Faulkner ( c.1812 - -8 September 1882 ) was a New Zealand trader , shipbuilder and farmer .
Mika Ronkainen ( born August 6 , 1970 in Kuusamo , Finland ) is a Finnish film director from Oulu , Northern Finland .
After the establishment of the new Republic of China , Taixu founded the Association for the Advancement of Buddhism ( 佛教協進會/佛教协进会 fójiào xiéjìn hùi ) , which lasted only a short time due to resistance from conservative Buddhists .
Larry Maluma is a Zambian reggae artist based in Australia .
Simmu Tiik ( born 19 February 1959 in Tartu ) is an Estonian diplomat and is the current Ambassador of the Republic of Estonia to Norway and Iceland .
Klaus Rohseano ( born September 8 , 1969 ) is a retired Austria international football player and a coach who managed SV Feldkirchen .
Anna Herdenstam ( born Anna Magnusson ; 1965 in Malmö ) is a Swedish model , journalist and television host that works for TV4 in Sweden .
Charles Samuel Brockman ( 1845 -- 28 November 1923 ) was a prominent explorer and pastoralist in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia .
Ozren Bonačić ( born 5 January 1942 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a former Croatian water polo player and Olympic medalist with the Yugoslavia men 's national water polo team .
Leon Șușman was a member of the Fascist paramilitary organization Iron Guard who , after the Soviet occupation of Romania , became the leader of an armed anti - communist resistance group in the Apuseni Mountains .
Christian Déséglise ( born in 1963 in Caen , France ) is an expert in emerging markets .
Martin Simon is a composer and guitarist born in Roznava , Slovakia , in 1975 .
Silva Marques gained 3 caps for Portugal and made his debut against France in Lisbon 16 March 1927 , in a 4 - 0 win .
Saadi Yacef ( born January 20 , 1928 ) was one of the leaders of Algeria 's National Liberation Front during his country 's war of independence .
Richard Sezibera ( born June 5 , 1964 in Kigali , Rwanda ) is a Rwandan physician , politician , diplomat and civil servant .
Stephan Swanson came to prominence as a marine researcher when he successfully placed the satellite transmitter on the famous Great white shark Nicole , the first great white shark ever to be tracked on a 20,000 kilometer migration from South Africa to Australia and back .
Fernando Chagas Carvalho Neto ( born November 1 , 1952 in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil ) is the current Vice - President of Football of Sport Club Internacional .
Joseph Cotton aka Jah Walton ( born Silbert Walton , 1957 , St. Ann , Jamaica ) is a reggae deejay active since the mid-1970s .
Svetlin Rusev ( Bulgarian : Светлин Русев ) ( born 1933 in Pleven , Bulgaria ) is a well known artist and a collector of art . He is known for the Svetlin Rusev Donative Exhibition , a permanent art exhibition in Pleven , including over 400 works of Bulgarian and foreign artist donated by him .
Eddy Gronfier ( b. France , 1970 ) started as a local radio host on Fun Radio Annecy in 1985 , then NRJ Chambéry .
Irving Bustamante is a Paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category T13 sprint events .
Betty Viana - Adkins ( born Betty Viana ) was born in 1971 in Caracas , Venezuela .
Ole Singstad was born at Singstad farm in Lensvik ( now Agdenes ) in Sør - Trøndelag , Norway .
Mariana Sîrbu ( born in Iaşi , Romania ) is a Romanian violinist .
Nooa Takooa ( born 10 March 1993 ) is a sprinter , who internationally representing Kiribati .
Vahdettin İşsever ( born 7 August 1968 ) is a boxer from Turkey , who won the bronze medal in the Men 's Ligtweight ( -- 60 kg ) division at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle , Denmark , alongside Italy 's Christian Giantomassi .
Jan was born in Prague , Czech Republic as the youngest of three children of Jan Koláček and Vlasta Koláčková .
Yousry Saber Hussein El - Gamal is a former Minister of Education for Egypt .
Dr Karl Ritter von Halt , born Karl Ferdinand Halt ( 2 June 1891 -- 5 August 1964 ) was a sport official in Nazi Germany and in the German Federal Republic .
Vichit Kounavudhi ( Thai : วิจิตร คุณาวุฒิ , 1922 - -1997 , born in Chachoengsao , Thailand ) was a Thai film director and screenwriter .
Zoni Weisz ( born Johan Weisz , 4 March 1937 ) is a Sinto Holocaust survivor from the Netherlands working in the Dutch floral industry .
John Schneeberger was raised in Northern Rhodesia ( now Zambia ) and received his medical degree at Stellenbosch University in South Africa .
Guadalupe Valdez San Pedro ( b. Mexico City , 22 September 1957 ) is a Dominican Republic politician .
Zoya Khan was born to Muslim parents of Pashtun ancestry in New Delhi , India .
Félix Ramos y Duarte ( 1848 - -1924 ) was a Cuban educator and writer , who was exiled from Cuba in 1868 .
Francesco Monico PhD ( born Venice , February 27 , 1968 ) is an educator , broadcaster , artist in Italy .
Gabriella Kindl ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɡɒbriɛlːɒ ˈkindl ) ; born 15 September 1979 in Mohács , Hungary ) is a retired Hungarian and Montenegrin handball player .
Agustín Arana ( born Agustín Arana Flores on August 27 , 1968 in Orizaba , Veracruz , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor and singer .
Tania Bruguera ( born 1968 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban installation and performance artist .
Adolfo Chávez Beyuma ( born 2 March 1971 ) , a Bolivian indigenous leader , has been the president of the Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of Bolivia ( CIDOB ) since 2006 .
Donald Morris McGregor ( April 25 , 1923 in Lenore , Manitoba -- July 25 , 2003 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Louis Varney ( French : ( vaʁnɛ ) ; 30 May 1844 , New Orleans , Louisiana -- 20 August 1908 , Cauterets , France ) was a French composer .
Jens Schanche ( 1717 -- 1787 ) was a Norwegian postmaster who contributed significantly to the development of postal services in Norway .
In 1955 Shelomo Selinger was awarded the Norman Prize of the America - Israel Cultural Foundation .
Rognvald Eysteinsson ( fl . 865 ) sometimes referred to with the bynames of `` the Wise '' or `` the Powerful '' was the jarl of Møre in Norway and a key figure in the founding of the Earldom of Orkney .
Diane Bellemare ( born October 13 , 1949 ) is a Canadian economist and politician from Quebec , who was appointed to the Senate of Canada on September 6 , 2012 .
Oscar Zia ( born 10 October 1996 in Svedala , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer and songwriter , who has participated in several television competition shows .
Anggun left Indonesia in 1994 to pursue an international career .
Innocent Hamga ( born May 8 , 1981 in Edea , Cameroon ) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who last plays for Cotonsport Garoua .
Datuk Chua Tee Yong ( Chinese : 蔡智勇 ; pinyin : Cài Zhì Yǒng ; born 19 October 1977 ) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Labis constituency in the State of Johor .
Having studied at the School of Theatre and Cinema of Portugal , João Pedro Rodrigues started his career as an assistant director and editor in several features , directed , for example , by Alberto Seixas Santos and Teresa Villaverde , among others .
Eliades Ochoa ( born 22 June 1946 ) is a Cuban guitarist and singer from Loma de la Avispa , Songo La Maya in the east of the country near Santiago de Cuba .
Denise Ho Wan - See , also known as HOCC , is a Hong Kong - based Cantopop singer .
Dr. Gourahari Das ( born 9 October 1960 in India ) is a story writer , novelist , columnist of Odisha , India .
Sonny Condell ( born 1 July 1949 , in Newtownmountkennedy , Ireland ) is an Irish singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and graphic artist .
Ivian Sarcos ( born July 26 , 1989 in Guanare , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen who won Miss World 2011 on November 6 , 2011 in London , United Kingdom .
Babachi Lawal is the Secretary to the Federal Government of Nigeria and former Chairman of the All Progressives Congress , North - East zone .
Sonu Walia ( born 19 February 1964 ) is a Bollywood actress , winner of Miss India pageant and model .
Smiður Andrésson ( died July 1361 ) was governor in Iceland whose reputation for brutal methods in collecting taxes lead to an attack on him at Grund in Eyjafjörður where he fell along with Jón Skráveifa and 6 of his men .
Rabadash is the heir to the throne of Calormen , being the eldest son of the Tisroc .
Roy Erasmus is a politician and lawyer from Northwest Territories , Canada .
Sérvulo Gutiérrez Alarcón ( 1914 -- 21 July 1961 ) was a Peruvian artist , described by The Times as `` Peru 's most celebrated painter '' .
Yüksel Şanlı ( born November 14 , 1973 ) is a former competitor in Freestyle Wrestling from Turkey .
Mohammad Din Zakhil ( محمد دين زاخيل - famous as Ustad Zakhil ) is a singer / composer from Afghanistan .
Avdy Andresson ( 15 November 1899 in Viluvere , Estonia -- 27 August 1990 in Deerfield , New Jersey , United States ) was the Estonian Minister of War in exile from April 3 , 1973 until two months before his death on June 20 , 1990 , and disputed Commander of Armed Forces from 14 October 1975 .
Matthijs Vellenga ( born 29 October 1977 , Grijpskerk ) is a rower from the Netherlands .
Raden Oto Iskandar di Nata , also spelled Iskandardinata , aptly nicknamed Otista ( 31 March 1897 -- 20 December 1945 ) was a fighter for Indonesia 's liberation from Dutch rule .
Eva - Maria Buch ( 31 January 1921 -- 5 August 1943 ) was a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime in Germany associated with the Red Orchestra ( Rote Kapelle ) resistance group .
Aintzane Ezenarro Egurbide ( Getaria , Spain , 1971 ) is a basque politician .
Jean Marie M'ba was the foreign minister of Gabon for a period in 1967 .
Edmond Picard was lawyer at the Court of Appeal and the Court of Cassation of Belgium .
Roberto Moreira Aldana ( born 6 May 1987 in Luque , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan Association Football Forward .
Tuiti Makitanara ( 8 August 1874 -- 24 June 1932 ) , sometimes known as Sweet MacDonald , was a Māori and United Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
Ines Putri Tjiptadi Chandra ( born September 5 , 1989 ) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Indonesia 2012 , the first Balinese ever to win the pageant .
Jagya Bahadur Shahi ( Nepali : यज्ञबहादुर शाही ) is a Nepalese politician from Dailekh , belonging to the Nepal Workers Peasants Party .
Dato Paduka Janin Erih was a Bruneian diplomat and holding the post of Permanent Representative of Brunei Darussalam to the United Nations at Geneva and the former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Brunei to the Russian Federation .
Nizar Hamid ( born 3 October 1988 ) is a Sudanese football defender who plays for Al - Hilal and the Sudan national football team .
Pedro Opaso Letelier ( July 20 , 1876 -- April 9 , 1957 ) was a Chilean politician and provisional vice president of Chile in 1931 .
Trecia - Kaye Smith ( born 5 November 1975 in Westmoreland , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican athlete competing mainly in triple jump .
Diana Trask ( born 23 June 1940 ) is an Australian country and pop singer born in Melbourne , Australia .
Oscar Garden ( 21 August 1903 - -2 June 1997 ) was a New Zealand aviator and horticulturist .
Massimiliano Neri ( born June 14 , 1977 , in Naples , Italy ) is an Italian fashion model .
According to her official biography , Marianne Curley now lives in Coffs Harbour , on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales ( Australia ) .
Charles Paul Telford Hutchison , known as Paul Hutchison ( born 1947 ) is a New Zealand politician and former health professional .
Teerapong Deehamhae ( Thai : ธีระพงศ์ ดีหามแห ) , simply known as Pure ( Thai : เพียว ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Carmen Souza was born in Lisbon on 20 May 1981 , to parents who had moved to Portugal after the Carnation Revolution ended the colonial era of their native Cape Verde .
Geoffrey Meye ( born December 12 , 1982 in Utrecht , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who played on the professional level for Dutch club FC Den Bosch of the Eredivisie league during the 2001 - 2002 season .
Sherwin James ( born 6 June 1978 in Saint Patrick Parish , Dominica ) is a retired track and field athlete who represented Dominica .
T. M. Thiagarajan ( Tamil : டி. எம். தியாகராஜன் ) ( 28 May 1923 -- 27 June 2007 ) was a Carnatic musicologist from Tamil Nadu in Southern India .
Bediako Asare is an African journalist and author , initially from Ghana .
Darryl Neudorf ( born June 7 , 1964 , Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a Canadian musician , record producer and audio engineer .
Guyon Espiner ( born 31 December 1970 ) is a New Zealand print and television journalist .
Cristino Seriche Bioko ( born 1940 ) is an Equatoguinean politician who was the prime minister of Equatorial Guinea from 15 August 1982 to 4 March 1992 .
Julio Voltio ( born as Julio Irving Ramos Filomeno on June 11 , 1977 , in Santurce , Puerto Rico ) is one of the reggaetón genre 's best - known artists .
Aide Iskandar bin Sahak ( born 28 May 1975 ) is a former professional footballer and current head coach of developmental side Courts Young Lions in the S.League and the Singapore U-23 team .
Susanto Tirtoprodjo ( 1900 - -1969 ) was the acting Prime Minister of Indonesia on December 20 , 1949 to January 16 , 1950 .
Carlos Loveira was a journalist and naturalistic author born in Santa Clara , Cuba .
Henry Beresford Garrett ( c.1818 - -3 September 1885 ) was a New Zealand cooper and criminal .
Leonardo Puñales Bonilla , commonly known as Leonardo Puñales is a team handball coach from Uruguay .
Willa O'Neill is an award - winning actress from New Zealand .
Patil Puttappa ( born 14 January 1921 , Dharwad , India ) is an Indian writer , veteran journalist and activist based in Hubli .
Didac Pérez Minarro ( b. Barcelona , 7 September 1981 ) is a former professional tennis player from Spain .
Ainhoa Murúa Zubizarreta ( born July 18 , 1978 in Zarautz , Gipuzkoa ) is a Basque triathlete who competed for Spain .
Gyula Teleki ( born Gyula Tiegelmann , on 15 February 1928 in Debrecen ) is a former Hungary national football player and coach .
José Sacramento is a film director and producer from Portugal .
Albert Pintat Santolària ( born 23 June 1943 ) was the head of government of Andorra from 27 May 2005 to 5 June 2009 .
Konrad Karkos , better known by his pseudonym , Keyza Soze or KEYZA , is a German record producer and composer from Berlin , Germany .
Roman Mrázek ( born January 21 , 1962 in Sokolov ) is a race walker who represented Czechoslovakia and later Slovakia .
Rasmus Flo was born in Stryn near the northern border of Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
Tom Cotterill ( c. 1884 -- 1943 ) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in 1911 , touring Australia .
Miki Sakai ( Sakai Miki , 酒井美紀 ) , born 21 February 1978 in Aoi - ku , Shizuoka , Japan is an actress and J - pop idol singer .
Emmett Felix Ryan ( 1897 - -1963 ) was an Australian Rugby League player of the 1910s and 1920s who represented New South Wales and Australia .
Gan De ( Chinese : 甘德 ; fl . 4th century BC ) was a Chinese astronomer / astrologer born in the State of Qi also known as the Lord Gan ( Gan Gong ) .
Shōgo Tomiyama ( 富山省吾 , born 1952 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese writer and producer .
Cornelis Kruseman was born on 25 September 1797 in Amsterdam in the Batavian Republic ( the present - day Netherlands ) as the son of Alexander Hendrik Kruseman ( 1765 - -1829 ) and Cornelia Bötger .
Clarence Goode ( 17 August 1875 -- 30 April 1969 ) was a farmer and politician in South Australia .
Edward John Barker Pense ( June 3 , 1848 -- May 7 , 1910 ) was a newspaper editor and owner and a politician in Ontario , Canada .
Pōmare V ( 3 November 1839 -- 12 June 1891 ) was the last monarch of Tahiti , reigning from 1877 until his forced abdication in 1880 .
Sokari Douglas Camp CBE ( born 1958 in Nigeria ) is an artist who has had exhibitions all over the world and was the recipient of a bursary from the Henry Moore Foundation .
Shahram Rostami was an Iranian flying ace in the Iran - Iraq War .
Germán Espinosa Villareal ( April 30 , 1938 -- October 17 , 2007 ) was a Colombian novelist , poet and author born and based in Cartagena , Colombia .
Artaxias IV or Artashir IV who is also known as Artaxias , Artashes , Artashes IV , Artashir , Ardases , Ardasir and Artases ( Armenian : Արտաշես , flourished 5th century ) was a Prince who served as a Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia from 422 until 428 .
Sayed Dhiya Saeed ( سيد ضياء سيد سعيد , born July 8 , 1992 in Muharraq , Bahrain ) is a Bahraini footballer who plays for Al - Riffa in Bahraini Premier League .
Bernard Karsenty ( 14 June 1920 in Oran , French Algeria - 10 January 2007 in Puteaux , France ) , was a member of the French Resistance during World War II . He was a leader of the Algiers putsch of 1942 .
Samuel Rosborough Balcom ( March 24 , 1888 in Port Dufferin , Nova Scotia , Canada -- May 4 , 1981 ) was a Canadian politician , businessman and pharmacist .
Davidson Andeh ( born January 17 , 1958 ) is a retired boxer from Nigeria , who won the world title in the lightweight division ( -- 60 kg ) at the second World Amateur Championships , held in Belgrade , Yugoslavia .
Viktor Maier ( Russian : Виктор Майер , tr . Viktor Mayer ; born May 16 , 1990 in Kant , Kyrgyzstan ) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Meppen .
Sandra Sirois ( born in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a Francophone Canadian TV and radio host .
Audrey Juma is the director of the Notre Dame Institute of Education in Karachi , Pakistan .
Juliet Marillier ( born 27 July 1948 ) is a New Zealand - born writer of fantasy , focusing predominantly on historical fantasy .
Engels Pedroza ( born September 26 , 1966 , in San Carlos , Venezuela ) is a former Venezuelan boxer .
Ran Eliran ( born 1937 ) , known as `` Israel 's Ambassador of Song , '' is an Israeli singer .
Edmund Bojanowski was born in the small village of Grabonóg , Poland , on 14 November 1814 to a family of Polish nobility ( szlachta ) .
Raphael Mollet ( born 18 June 1988 in Switzerland ) is a professional football centre back .
Keiko Takeshita ( 竹下景子 Takeshita Keiko ; born on September 15 , 1953 in Higashi - ku , Nagoya , Japan ) is a Japanese actress .
John Stuart Yeates , MBE , PhD ( 11 July 1900 -- 24 August 1986 ) , also known as Jack Yeates , was a New Zealand academic and botanist .
Kerstin Kielgass ( German spelling : Kerstin Kielgaß ) ( born 6 December 1969 in Berlin , East Germany ) is a German former swimmer .
Yuichi Hibi ( born 1964 , Nagoya City , Japan ) is a Japanese fine art photographer currently living and working out of New York City .
Ronald Hugh Morrieson ( 29 January 1922 -- 26 December 1972 ) was a novelist and short story writer in the New Zealand vernacular , who was little known in his home country until after his death .
Mads Clausen ( 21 October 1905 -- 27 August 1966 ) born in Elsmark , parish of Havnbjerg , municipality of Nordborg in Denmark , was a Danish industrialist and founder of Danfoss in 1933 .
Guillermo Cides was born in Córdoba ( Argentina ) , lived in Olavarría and studied medicine for 3 years at the University of La Plata , then established himself in Buenos Aires and started to work specifically in music , influenced by his friend and musician Sergio Petaco .
Barnabas Sibusiso Dlamini ( born 15 May 1942 ) is the Prime Minister of Swaziland .
Johnny Friedlaender ( 26 December 1912 -- 18 June 1992 ) was a leading 20th - century artist , whose works have been exhibited in Germany , France , Netherlands , Italy , Japan and the United States .
Kenneth Cheruiyot ( born August 2 , 1974 ) is an athlete from Kenya who specialises in long - distance running .
Steve Beaton ( born 5 April 1964 in Coventry , Warwickshire , England ) is a former World No1 English professional darts player for the Professional Darts Corporation ( PDC ) .
Dada Amir Haider Khan ( 1900?-1989 ) was a communist activist of Pakistan , and revolutionary during the Indian independence movement .
Eduardo Nascimento Costa ( born 23 September 1982 in Florianópolis , Brazil ) , known as Eduardo Costa or simply Eduardo , is a Brazilian professional footballer .
Mehmet Aydın is one of Turkey 's Ministers of State .
Cartimandua or Cartismandua ( reigned c. AD 43 -- c. 69 ) was a 1st - century queen of the Brigantes , a Celtic people living in what is now northern England .
Jose Ricardo L. Manapat was the Director of the Records Management and Archives Office of the Philippines ( The National Archives ) from 1996 - -1998 and 2002 - -2008 .
Stanislav Vladimirovich Mikhaylov ( Russian : Станислав Владимирович Михайлов ) , better known as Stas Mikhaylov ( Russian : Стас Михайлов , born 27 April 1969 in Sochi , Russia ) is a popular Russian singer and songwriter , Meritorious Artist of the Russian Federation ( 2010 ) ; laureate of Golden Gramophone Award .
Koffi Gbékandé Eric Kpadé ( born September 23 , 1958 ) is a Togolese politician of the ruling Rally of the Togolese People ( RPT ) who served in the National Assembly of Togo from 1999 to 2007 .
Marin Boucher ( 1587 or 1589 - -1671 ) , was a pioneer of early New France and one of the most prolific ancestors of French Canada , being the ancestor of most of the Bouchers of North America , particularly in the Province of Quebec , Northern New Brunswick , Ontario and Western Canada .
Michael Timm ( born November 13 , 1962 in Hagenow , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a former amateur boxer from East Germany .
El Maestro Custodio is believed to have been a 14th - century Benedictine monk living in the city of Oviedo in Asturias , Spain .
Yoandry Urgellés Cobas ( born July 28 , 1981 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a left fielder for Industriales of the Cuban National Series .
Rilany Aguiar da Silva ( born 26 June 1986 ) , commonly known as Rilany , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Ferroviária and the Brazil women 's national football team .
Konstantin Syomin ( often spelled Konstantin Semin , Russian : Константин Викторович Сёмин , born March 16 , 1980 , Sverdlovsk , Soviet Union ( now Yekaterinburg , Russia ) ) is a Russian journalist and TV news presenter .
Serge Bambara ( also known by his stage name Smockey , born 24 October 1971 ) is a hip hop artist , actor and political activist from Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso .
Lothar Popp , 54 years , single , merchant , born in Furth , Germany , visa issued in Marseille , France , last permanent residence :
Theodoros Papoutsoyiannopoulos ( born 5 July 1994 in Peristeri , Greece ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for the Superleague Greece club Atromitos as a right back .
Henry Strong Price ( 8 May 1825 -- 30 November 1889 ) , generally known as H.S. Price , or simply Harry Price , was a pioneer sheep pastoralist of South Australia , best known as founder and proprietor of Wilpena Station at Wilpena Pound , today a national park .
Roger Pingeon ( pronounced : ( ʁɔ.ʒe pɛ̃.ʒɔ̃ ) ; born 28 August 1940 ) is a retired professional road bicycle racer from France .
Zhang Zhenhuan ( Chinese : 张震寰 ; 1915 - -1994 ) was a general and political leader in the People 's Republic of China .
Neela Padmanabhan ( Tamil : நீல பத்பநாபன் , born . 26 April 1938 ) , is a Tamil writer from Nagercoil , India .
Narra Raghava Reddy ( 1924 - -2015 ) was a leader of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) , a six time MLA to Andhra Pradesh Assembly represented Nakrekal constituency of Nalgonda district .
Karol Boscamp - Lasopolski ( also Boskamp , de Boscamp , de Boskamp ) ( died June 28 , 1794 ) was a Dutch diplomat in service of Poland and Russia .
Anderson Soares da Silva , known by his nickname , Neneca ( born 11 September 1980 in Rondonópolis , Mato Grosso , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian football Goalkeeper who plays for Botafogo - SP .
Jean - Marie Sander was born on December 23 , 1949 in Ohlungen , a small town in northwestern France .
Constanze Manziarly ( 14 April 1920 -- disappeared 2 May 1945 ) was born in Innsbruck , Austria .
Christos Kontis ( Greek : Χρήστος Κόντης , born 13 May 1975 in Athens , Greece ) is a retired Greek footballer who finished his career playing for APOEL as a defender .
Sangob Rattanusorn ( born 1943 ) is a former badminton player from Thailand who won numerous titles and represented his country in team play from the early 1960s through the early 1970s .
Jakob Kellenberger ( born 19 October 1944 in Heiden , Switzerland ) is a former Swiss diplomat and former president of the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) .
Chantal Groot ( born 19 October 1982 in Amsterdam ) is a butterfly and freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands , who has represented her country in many international championships since 1999 .
Elie Apper ( born 1933 ) is a Belgian classical saxophonist who is well known as a former member of the Saxophone Quartet of Belgium ( `` Le Quatuor Belge de Saxophones '' ) .
Nguyễn Văn Nhơn ( 阮文仁 , 1753 - 1822 ) was a general and official of the Nguyễn Dynasty of Vietnam .
Morten Moldskred made his international debut for Norway on 5 September 2009 , when he was substituted in for Thorstein Helstad in the 2010 World Cup qualifier away to Iceland .
Sébastien Tortelli ( born 19 August 1978 in Agen , France ) is a two - time World Champion motocross racer .
Ulrich Körner ( born October 25 , 1962 in Germany ) is a Swiss - German business person .
Alejandra Ruddoff ( born 1960 in Santiago de Chile ) is a Chilean sculptor .
Lala Mnatsakanyan ( Armenian : Լալա Բաբկենի Մնացականյան , born 8 October 1957 ) is an Armenian actress and Honoured Artist of the Republic of Armenia .
Niamh Parsons ( born in Dublin , Ireland ) is a singer of contemporary and traditional Irish music .
Michał Jonczyk ( born 11 March 1992 in Piotrków Trybunalski , Poland ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Widzew Łódź in the Ekstraklasa .
Ulrich Karger ( 3 February 1957 in Berchtesgaden , Bavaria , Germany ) is an author and teacher of religion at a school for speech disabled children in Berlin .
Mustapha Toumi is the initiator of several major international cultural events held in Algeria .
Wencho Farrell ( born 25 December 1982 ) is an international footballer from the Netherlands Antilles who plays amateur club football with HCSC .
Keith Almgren , born 8 November 1957 in Järfälla , Sweden , is a Swedish songwriter and music publisher .
Luiz Fernando Guimarães ( born November 10 , 1949 , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actor .
Trần Cao Vân ( 陳高雲 , 1866 - -1916 ) was a mandarin of the Nguyễn Dynasty who was best known for his activities in attempting to expel the French colonial powers in Vietnam .
Taras Chornovil was born on June 1 , 1964 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ( now Ukraine ) , to Vyacheslav Chornovil , a former Soviet dissident , politician , and founder of the People 's Movement of Ukraine , and his wife , Olena Antoniv .
Bhekumuzi Hyacinth Mseleku , generally known as Bheki Mseleku ( 3 March 1955 -- 9 September 2008 ) , was a jazz musician from South Africa .
A street in Odense , Denmark , Olaf Ryes Gade .
Yang Yinliu ( simplified Chinese : 杨荫浏 ; traditional Chinese : 楊蔭瀏 ; pinyin : Yáng Yìnliú ) ( 1899 - -1984 ) was a musicologist from the People 's Republic of China .
Ian Gregson ( born September 2 , 1962 ) is an actor , musician , activist and author in British Columbia , Canada .
Tanasak Srisai ( Thai : ธนะศักดิ์ ศรีใส , born September 25 , 1989 ) , simply known as Bee ( Thai : บี ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Mohammad Attai was an Afghanistan field hockey player , who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games and played in all three games .
Sean Greenwood ( born 30 July 1987 ) is a Canadian - born skeleton racer that represents Ireland .
Cristina Donà ( Rho , Italy , September 23 , 1967 ) is an Italian singer and songwriter .
Vidar Vang grew up in Bjerkvik , in Northern Norway .
Stéphane Lambese ( born 10 May 1995 in Nogent - sur - Marne , France ) is a Haitian footballer who plays for Paris Saint - Germain B.
Giovane Alves da Silva ( traditional Chinese : 基奧雲尼 ; simplified Chinese : 思华 born November 25 , 1982 in Taió , Santa Catarina , Brazil ) , commonly known as Giovane , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays as a striker for Eastern .
Ludwig Bölkow ( 30 June 1912 -- 25 July 2003 ) was one of the aeronautical pioneers of Germany .
Supaphorn Prompinit ( Thai : สุภภรณ์ พรหมพินิจ ; born March 3 , 1989 also spelled Suphaphorn Phromphinit ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Pär Granstedt ( born 1945 ) is a Swedish politician and former member of the Parliament of Sweden for the Centre Party from 1973 to 1994 .
Avigdor Dagan ( Viktor Fischl , June 30 , 1912 in Hradec Králové , Austria - Hungary - May 28 , 2006 , Israel ) was an Israeli writer , a playwright and literary translator ; a diplomat .
Yossi Katz ( Hebrew : יוסי כץ‎‎ , born 19 August 1949 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party and One Israel between 1992 and 2003 .
Amanda Truelove ( born 1961 ) is a cellist from the United Kingdom .
Aluf Dan Harel ( Hebrew : דן הראל‎ ; born 1955 ) is a retired general in the Israel Defense Forces and a former Deputy Chief of the General Staff .
Abdisalaam Issa Khatib is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania .
Joseph Villiet ( August 10 , 1823 - July 10 , 1877 ) was a French master stained glass artist born in Ébreuil , France .
Marie Monsen ( Chinese : 孟瑪麗 , born 1878 in Sandviken , Norway -- 1962 ) was a Norwegian missionary active in North and Central China between 1901 and 1932 .
Annette Kansy ( born 13 June 1955 in Dresden , Sachsen , East Germany / GDR ) was a German pair skater .
Dr. Moises Frumencio da Costa Gomez ( 1907 - -1966 ) was the first Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles .
Silvio Rafael Gamez ( born August 8 , 1963 ) , better known as Leo Gamez , is a former boxer from Venezuela .
Ernest Beaglehole ( 25 August 1906 -- 23 October 1965 ) was a New Zealand psychologist and ethnologist best known for his work in establishing an anthropological baseline for numerous Pacific Island cultures .
The German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) had been formally founded ( from what had previously been designated the Soviet occupation zone ) in October 1949 , and in 1951 Karl Linke and his wife both took East German citizenship .
John Xintavelonis ( also known as John X ) is a Tasmanian actor and comedian , known in Australia for his performance as Pumbaa the warthog in the Australian production of the stage musical , The Lion King .
A gifted ruler , Sir Kalb Ali Khan was highly literate in Arabic and Persian and patronised scholars from across India and the Islamic world .
Isabel Montero de la Cámara is a Costa Rican diplomat , born in San José , Costa Rica , in 1942 as the daughter of Francisco Montero Madrigal and Joyce de la Cámara .
Odd Bondevik ( 20 June 1941 -- 6 September 2014 ) was a Norwegian theologian who was the Bishop of the Diocese of Møre in the Church of Norway from 17 November 1991 until retirement in 2008 .
Pope Clement XIV and the customs of the Catholic Church in Rome are described in letters of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and of his father Leopold Mozart , written from Rome in April and May 1770 during their tour of Italy .
Kraison Panjaroen ( Thai : ไกรสร ปั้นเจริญ , born June 15 , 1986 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Eric Ang ( born February 2 , 1971 ) is a shooter from the Philippines .
Vladimir Cruz ( born in Villa Clara , Cuba on July 26 , 1965 ) is a Cuban actor who has appeared in a number of feature films , television series , theatre works , and shorts .
Patrice Kayo is an African scholar , poet , and author born in 1942 in Bandjoun , West Province , Cameroon .
Princess Zahra Aga Khan ( born 18 September 1970 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is the eldest child of Aga Khan IV .
Jez Mead is a singer / song writer from Perth , Western Australia .
Stig Broeckx ( born May 10 , 1990 in Mol , Belgium ) is a Belgian cyclist riding for Lotto - Soudal .
Sergio Mayer Breton Izturiz Pinilla , ( born May 21 , 1966 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican actor , singer and producer .
Shane Rangi ( born 3 February 1969 ) is a New Zealand actor from Ngati Porou .
Marcus Kretzer ( born May 9 , 1965 in Hilden , Germany ) is a German pianist and music teacher .
Lina Jacques - Sébastien ( born 10 April 1985 in Créteil , France ) is a French sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Shintaro Yoshida ( 由田 慎太郎 , born July 20 , 1981 ) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Orix Buffaloes in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Debbie White ( born 23 April 1978 in Balclutha , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand netball player .
Hassan Koeman Sesay ( born 5 September 1981 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays for Hà Nội ACB , one of the biggest clubs in the Vietnamese top football league .
Carmelo Borg Pisani ( 1915 - 1942 ) was a Maltese - born artist and Italian Fascist who , on being discovered during an espionage mission in Malta , was found guilty by a British war tribunal and executed for alleged treason .
Marthe Robin was born into a peasant farming family on 13 March 1902 in Châteauneuf - de - Galaure ( Drôme , France ) , in a hamlet called Les Moillés , which was locally known as `` La Plaine '' .
Kebawah Duli Yang Maha Mulia Maulana Al - Sultan Abdul Momin Ibnu Almarhum Pengiran Shahbandar Pengiran Anak Abdul Wahab ( before 21 May 1788 -- 30 May 1885 ) was the sultan of Brunei from 1852 until his death .
Lidia Bobrova ( born 13 June 1952 ) is a Russian film director born in Zabaikalsk , Soviet Union ( now Russia ) .
Jean - Pierre Coopman ( born in Ingelmunster , Belgium , 7 November 1946 ) is a retired Belgian boxer who is best known for his title fight against Muhammad Ali in 1976 , which Ali won by KO in round 5 .
Oséas Reis dos Santos ( born May 14 , 1971 in Salvador , Bahia , Brazil ) is a retired Brazilian football player .
Aleksandar Kolarov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Коларов ; Serbian pronunciation : ( alɛksǎːndar kɔlǎrɔʋ ) ; born 10 November 1985 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Serbia national team .
Daniel Austin was a Christian Brigadier General in the Pakistan Army .
Major - General Robert Cawthome ( Urdu : رابرٹ کاتھوم‎ ) was an Australian - born British Army general officer , later serving in the Pakistan Army .
Piero Taruffi ( 12 October 1906 , Albano Laziale -- 12 January 1988 ) , was a racing driver from Italy , and also the father of lady racer Prisca Taruffi .
Abdul Baiz Kamardeen ( sometimes Abdul Baais Kamardeen ) is a Sri Lankan politician , a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister .
Walter Augustin Villiger ( 1872 - -1938 ; his first name is sometimes spelt Walther ) was a Swiss astronomer and Carl Zeiss engineer who discovered an asteroid while was working in Munich , Germany .
Christian Isobel Johnstone ( 1781 - -1857 ) was a prolific journalist and author in Scotland in the nineteenth century .
Dame Maroie or Maroie de Dregnau de Lille ( fl . 13th century ) was a trouvère from Arras , in Artois , France .
Desmond Gregory Mair is a Jamaican Labour Party member of the Parliament of Jamaica representing the Saint Catherine North East constituency .
Ronald Cavaye is a British pianist , born in England and a resident of the United Kingdom .
Emilia de Poret , born Emilia Andreen on August 10 , 1976 , in Luleå , Sweden , is a Swedish singer and songwriter .
Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia was First Lady of Chile and the wife of President Manuel Bulnes .
Mihaela Rodica Popescu Bitănescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( roˈdika poˈpesku bitəˈnesku ) ; born 5 May 1938 in Răsuceni , Ilfov County , Romania ) is a Romanian actress .
Reyhna Malhotra ( born in Srinagar , India ) is an Indian model and bollywood film actress .
Luís Andrés Edo ( 7 November 1925 -- 14 February 2009 ) was a militant and historian of Spain 's anarchosyndicalist movement the CNT .
Jann Wilde ( Jani Tuovinen ) is a Finnish singer / songwriter from Tampere , Finland .
Francisco Fedullo , also spelt as Francesco , ( 27 May 1905 -- 30 November 1952 ) was a footballer who played international football for both Uruguay and Italy .
Zarsanga is a famous Pashto singer from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Máximo Jerez Tellería ( 6 June 1818 in León , Nicaragua -- 11 August 1881 in Washington , D.C. , USA ) was a 19th - century Nicaraguan politician , lawyer and military leader .
José Santiago de Bonilla y Laya - Bolívar was president of the Junta Superior Gubernativa of Costa Rica from April to July 1822 .
Ugyen Ugyen ( born 2 June 1974 ) is an archer who represented Bhutan internationally .
Dr Alireza Jamshidi ( or Ali - Reza Jamshidi ) is an official spokesman for Iran 's judiciary , headed by Mahmoud Shahroudi .
Valdemiro Santiago ( born November 2 , 1963 in Palma , Minas Gerais , Brazil ) is a Brazilian evangelical pastor and leader of the World Church of the Power of God .
Ahmad Suradji ( 10 January 1949 -- 10 July 2008 ) was a serial killer in Indonesia .
Humberto Nilo Saavedra ( born in Santiago de Chile in 1954 ) was the director of the University of Chile school of arts .
Nasir Imanguliyev ( Azerbaijani : Nəsir İmanquliyev ) was an eminent journalist , a scientist and public figure of Azerbaijan .
Desiderio Hernández Xochitiotzin ( born San Bernardino Contla , February 11 , 1922 -- died Tlaxcala , September 14 , 2007 ) was a Mexican artist best known for his large - scale mural work inside the State Government Palace in the state of Tlaxcala , Mexico , the last large scale mural of the Mexican muralism movement .
Elly Ney ( 27 September 1882 -- 31 March 1968 ) was a German romantic pianist who specialized in Beethoven , and was especially popular in Germany .
Krzysztof Klenczon ( born January 14 , 1942 in Pułtusk , Poland , d. April 7 , 1981 in Chicago ) was a Polish singer and songwriter , member of Czerwone Gitary , later Trzy Korony .
Mohamed Aleem is a Sri Lankan international footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Java Lane in the Sri Lanka Football Premier League .
Raymond Molinier ( 1904 - -1994 ) was a leader of the Trotskyist movement in France and a pioneer of the Fourth International .
Zairaini Sarbini is a Malaysian freelance voice actress who dubs for anime , foreign films , cartoons and TV programs in Malay that air on the Astro Ceria , Nickelodeon , Cartoon Network and Disney Channel Malaysia .
Roberto Cabot is in many public and private collections , including the MASP and MAM - Gilberto Chateaubriand , in Brazil , Deutsche Bank and Hoffmann , in Germany , and CAAM - Centro Atlantico de Arte Moderna , in Spain .
Kobi Bosshard ( born 1939 in Uster , Switzerland ) is a Swiss - born New Zealand jeweller .
Sophia Fenwick ( born 12 December 1992 ) is a New Zealand netball player .
Zaman Molla played his first game of table tennis at age 14 and at age 17 was the top player on the Iran Junior National Table Tennis Team .
Ettore Bugatti was born into an artistic family with its origin in Milan , Italy .
Rodolfo Brindisi ( 1932 - 2009 ) was an Argentine actor who appeared in film and television in Argentina between 1970 and 2003 .
Heinrich C. Berann , ( 1915 - -1999 ) the father of the modern panorama map , was born into a family of painters and sculptors in Innsbruck , Austria .
Jeewan Kumaranatunga ( born 7 November 1958 ) is a Sri Lankan film actor who later became a politician , a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister .
Alice Taticchi ( born June 25 , 1990 in Perugia , Umbria , Italy ) is an Italian fashion model , beauty pageant contestant , and the winner of the fourth cycle of Italia 's Next Top Model .
Neha Dhupia ( born 27 August 1980 in Kochi , India ) is an Indian actress and beauty queen who has worked in several Bollywood films .
Mirjam Jaeger ( Mirjam Jäger ( German : /ˈjɛːɡɐ/ ) ; born 9 November 1982 in Zürich , Switzerland ) is a former freestyle skier .
Leoncio Evita Enoy ( Udubuandolo , August 8 , 1929 - Bata , December 1996 ) was an intellectual , painter and writer from Equatorial Guinea .
Lee Dong - whun ( Korean : 이동훈 , born June 25 , 1987 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean figure skater .
Alejandro Speitzer ( Born May 31 , 1995 , Culiacán , Sinaloa , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor .
Giovanni Evangelisti ( born 11 September 1961 in Rimini ) is a retired long jumper from Italy .
Phurba Sherpa ( Nepali : फुर्वा शेर्पा ) ( born 17 September ) , is a Filmmaker , Music Video Director , Television Director / Producer and Nepali singer whose most prominent album , Geet Ek Akshar Ko features the world 's first ever one - letter song in the world music industry , `` Song of Nepal '' .
Sir James Stuart , 1st Baronet of Oxford ( March 2 , 1780 -- July 14 , 1853 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in Lower Canada .
Cheba Maria is a singer of Casablanca , Morocco .
Chandra Bahadur Thapa Magar(Nepali : चन्द्रबहादुर थापामगर ) , a.k.a . ' Sagar ' , is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
John Turnbull Thomson ( 10 August 1821 -- 16 October 1884 ) was a British civil engineer and artist who played an instrumental role in the development of the early infrastructure of nineteenth - century Singapore and New Zealand .
Alex Riel ( born 13 September 1940 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Danish jazz and rock drummer .
Nossrat Peseschkian ( June 18 , 1933 -- April 27 , 2010 ) lived in Germany since 1954 .
Malika Madi ( born 18 November 1967 ) is a Belgian novelist , living in La Louvière , Belgium .
Clem Captein , is a New Zealand Commonwealth Games silver medalist .
Ignacio Rolón ( born 23 November 1974 in San Antonio , Paraguay ) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for General Díaz of the Paraguayan Division Intermedia .
Abdulah Sidran , the second of four children , was born in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina on 2 October 1944 , although several sources inaccurately give his date of birth as 29 September 1944 .
Alhaji Abdulkadir Shehu was acting Administrator of Delta State , Nigeria between November and December 1993 immediately after General Sani Abacha had assumed power from the civilian government .
Kristian Rees ( born 6 January 1980 in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a central defender .
Sunan Murya ( or Muria ) is , according to the Babad Tanah Jawi ( `` History of the land of Java '' ) manuscripts , one of the Wali Sanga ( `` Nine Saints '' ) involved in propagating Islam in Indonesia .
Miguel Ángel Carbonell ( born in Resistencia ( Chaco ) , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina and Chile .
Arumuka Navalar ( Tamil : ஆறுமுக நாவலர் , āṟumuka nāvalar ? , 18 December 1822 -- 5 December 1879 ) was one of the early revivalists of native Hindu Tamil traditions in Sri Lanka and India .
Navy Captain ( later Commodore ) Joseph Abulu was the first Military Administrator of Anambra State in Nigeria from 27 August 1991 to 1 January 1992 after the Enugu State had been split from the old Anambra during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Gilbert Sinoué ( born 18 February 1947 in Cairo , Egypt ) is a classically trained guitarist and author who has lived in France since the age of 19 .
Tabaré Aguerre Lombardo ( born 1957 in Montevideo ) is an agronomist , entrepreneur and politician from Uruguay .
Semih Kaya ( Turkish pronunciation : ( semih kɑjɑ ) , born 24 February 1991 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Galatasaray and the Turkey national team .
Olivier Libaux ( born May 5 , 1964 in Boulogne - sur - Mer , France ) is a French record producer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Sarjoo Gowreesunkur was the Mauritius national football team coach in 1996 and 2006 .
Václav Chalupa , Jr. ( born December 7 , 1967 in Jindřichův Hradec , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech rower who competed at six consecutive Olympics from 1988 to 2008 , winning a silver medal in 1992 behind Thomas Lange in the single scull .
Tony Lomo ( born 17 December 1983 in Takwa ) is a Solomon Islands judoka who competes in the men 's 60 kg category .
Henry de Puyjalon ( born 15 March 1841 Floirac , Lot , France -- died 18 August 1905 , l'île à la Chasse , Sept - Îles , Quebec ) was a late 19th - century scientist and explorer .
Nasuhi al - Bukhari ( Arabic : نصوحي البخاري‎ ) or Nasuh al - Boukhari ( Arabic : نصوح البخاري‎ ) ( 1881 -- 1 July 1961 ) was a Syrian soldier and politician who briefly served as Prime Minister of Syria in 1939 .
Joseph - Irénée - René Hamel ( February 9 , 1910 -- December 16 , 1982 ) was a local politician in Quebec , Canada .
Uco van Wijk ( 20 May 1924 , Jogjakarta , Dutch East Indies -- 10 August 1966 ) was a Dutch astronomer and educator who founded the astronomy program at the University of Maryland and was instrumental in bringing Gart Westerhout from the Netherlands to become Department Head .
Xin Detao ( born 1991 ) is a Chinese ski mountaineer , and member of the national selection of the People 's Republic of China .
Azra Jehan is a two - time Nigar Award winning playback singer from Pakistan .
Theodor Meyer ( July 1 , 1882 -- March 8 , 1972 in Bad Bevensen , Germany ) was a mathematician , a student of Ludwig Prandtl , and a founder of the scientific discipline now known as compressible flow or gas dynamics .
Joseph Sriyal Malik Peiris ( 裴偉士 ) , FRS , Légion d'Honneur , was born on 10 November 1949 , in Sri Lanka .
María Peláez Navarrete ( born 13 November 1977 in Málaga , Andalusia ) is a former butterfly swimmer from Spain , who competed at five consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country , starting in 1992 .
Marcelo Chimento ( born 1933 ) was an Argentine actor who made several appearances in film and television in Argentina in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Houshang Montazeralzohour was the national champion of Iran in 82 kg weight class for several years .
Dirceu José Guimarães , known as Dirceu ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( dʒiʁˈsew ) ; 15 June 1952 -- 15 September 1995 ) , was a football player from Brazil .
Lieutenant General Aye Ko ( Burmese : အေးကို , 19 September 1921 -- 26 September 2006 ) is the former Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of Union of Myanmar .
Armando Zeferino Soares , ( 1920 in São Nicolau , Cape Verde - April 3 , 2007 ) was a Capeverdean composer , author of the famous song Sodade .
William Pierpont Black ( born Wilhelm Peter Negrescu ; c.1877 -- 29 April 1942 ) was a New Zealand wood carver , journal editor and publisher , journalist .
Nisbet McRobie ( 5 November 1872 -- 27 September 1929 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player , master printer , newspaper proprietor , and politician .
Fiorella Viñas ( born c. 1984 ) is the 2006 Miss Peru .
Alexander Altmann ( April 16 , 1906 -- June 6 , 1987 ) was an Orthodox Jewish scholar and rabbi born in Kassa , Austria - Hungary , today Košice , Slovakia .
Muzahim Sa'b Hassan al - Tikriti was the Air Defense Forces Commander of Iraq under the rule of Saddam Hussein from 1999 until 2003 .
Pedro Rosso Leal is the ambassador of Cuba to Angola .
Sambo Dasuki ( born December 2 , 1954 ) is a retired Nigerian Army Colonel and former National Security Adviser ( NSA ) to the President of Nigeria .
Maurice Sunguti ( born 6 October 1977 ) is a Kenya international football striker who has played for clubs in Kenya , Uganda , Sweden , Vietnam and Tanzania .
Boredoms ( ボアダムス ( Boadamusu ) ) ( later known as V∞redoms ) is a rock band from Osaka , Japan .
K. A. Soman ( born in 1953 ) , also known as Somji , is an artist from Kerala , India .
Henrique Dias ( died 1662 ) was a soldier and militia leader born in the Portuguese colony of Brazil .
She went on a Vietnam tour Tiếng Hát Mỹ Linh in 1998 , performing in Hanoi , Da Nang and Ho Chi Minh City .
Ian Fairweather ( 29 September 1891 -- 20 May 1974 ) was a Scottish painter resident in Australia for much of life .
Stefano Lentini ( born November 26 , 1974 ) is an Italian composer and musician born in Rome , Italy .
Ed Kowalchuk ( August 21 , 1926 - -June 4 , 2003 ) was an administrator and elected official in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Johannes Nevala , born 1966 in Finland , is an artist who paints birds , especially on the seashore where he captures the birds in oil , watercolors and different graphic techniques .
Natalia Duritskaya ( Russian : Наталья Ивановна Дурицкая , July 16 , 1960 , Taganrog ) is a Russian painter and a member of the Union of Artists of Russia .
Eraldon Manuel Barañao ( born 1790 ) , was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina but traveled to Chile in 1809 , becoming a revolutionary supporter of Juan Martínez de Rozas and taking up commerce .
Ardijan Nuhiji ( Macedonian : Ардијан Нухии , born 7 December 1978 in Skopje ) is an association footballer from the Republic of Macedonia .
Paraskevi Kantza ( born 8 August 1976 ) is a paralympic athlete from Greece competing mainly in category T11 sprint events and the long jump .
Sébastien Chabaud ( born 9 March 1977 in Marseille , France ) , aka Chabaud , is a former French football player who used to play in the Belgian Jupiler League .
Ali Selmi is a football manager from Tunisia .
Semra Özal ( 12 January 1934 , İstanbul ) was the 8th First Lady of Turkey .
Clint Bajada ( born 24 June 1982 in Paola , Malta ) is a television and radio personality .
Oscar Danielson is a Samoan - born former rugby league player who represented New Zealand in the 1968 World Cup .
Christophe Roux ( born July 27 , 1983 in Switzerland ) is an alpine skier representing Moldova .
George Ralph Richardson Cockburn ( February 14 , 1834 -- January 18 , 1912 ) was a Scottish - born educator and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Kritsakorn Kerdpol ( Thai : กฤษกร เกิดผล , born January 21 , 1985 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Gül Gölge ( born September 28 , 1981 in İzmir , Turkey ) is the well - known former host of the program `` Canlı Canlı '' which is aired on Kanal D. She is also a model and actress , having acted in Çiçek Taksi , Yapayalnız and Köpek among others dramas and soaps .
Antoine de Pluvinel was born in the town of Crest , then in the province of the Dauphiné in France .
Christos Maniatis ( Greek : Χρήστος Μανιάτης ) ( born 5 June 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C. in the Football League ( Greece ) as a Right back .
Mirnes Mešić ( born on 16 March 1978 in Doboj , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for Kickers Obertshausen .
He was the son of soldier and statesman Carlos María de Alvear and father of Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear , president of Argentina from 1922 to 1928 .
Carlos Alberto Campos Ávila ( born 13 April 1992 in Mexico D.F. ) is a Mexican footballer , currently playing as a Midfielder for Pumas de la UNAM of the Primera División de México .
Axel Miller ( born 20 February 1965 , Uccle , Belgium ) is a Belgian businessman .
Philippe Couvreur ( born 29 November 1951 in Schaerbeek , Belgium ) currently serves as registrar at the International Court of Justice .
Damir Skomina ( born 5 August 1976 in Koper ) is a UEFA football referee from Slovenia .
Pekka Karppinen , professionally known as Kuningas Pähkinä , is a Finnish rapper born in Vaasa , Finland .
Leslie James Ellis ( 24 November 1910 - -30 March 1971 ) was a New Zealand jockey and racehorse trainer .
Lefteris Matsoukas ( Greek : Λευτέρης Ματσούκας ; born 7 March 1990 in Piraeus ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Fostiras in the Football League ( Greece ) , as a Forward .
Abubakari Kankani ( born December 25 , 1976 ) is a Ghanaian football ( soccer ) player currently playing at the position of Goalkeeper for the Ghana club Norchip Sepe Timpom .
Helidon Gjergji ( born in Tirana , Albania ) is a contemporary artist who works in various mediums .
Jaerock Lee ( born 1943 , Muan County , Jeollanam - do , South Korea ) is a Christian author and the senior pastor of the Manmin Central Church in Seoul .
Nguyễn Đăng Kỉnh was a Mikoyan - Gurevich MiG-21 pilot of the Vietnamese People 's Air Force who flew with the 921st fighter regiment and tied for fourth place amongst Vietnam War fighter aces with six kills .
Altin Kaftira ( born 1972 in Albania ) is a former danseur with the Dutch National Ballet in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Radu Mihnea ( 1586 - -1626 ) was Voivode ( Prince ) of Wallachia between September 1601 and March 1602 , and again between March and May 1611 , September 1611 and August 1616 , August 1620 and August 1623 , and Voivode ( Prince ) of Moldavia in 1616 - -1619 , 1623 - -1626 .
Hermann Jäger ( 7 October 1815 -- 5 January 1890 ) was born October 7 , 1815 at Münchenbernsdorf , Saxony ( now Germany ) .
Dallas McIlwain ( born 24 January 1982 in Inverell , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs club in the National Rugby League competition .
Dag Hammarskjöld was born in Jönköping , Sweden , but spent most of his childhood in Uppsala .
Kalina Jędrusik was born in 1931 in Gnaszyn , now part of Częstochowa , as a daughter of Henryk Jędrusik , a member of the Senate of Poland .
Narayanacharya speaks English , Kannada , Sanskrit and Tamil and has lectured all over India .
Claude Antoine Dacosta ( 1931 -- 1 May 2007 ) was a Congolese politician who served as the Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from December 6 , 1992 , until June 23 , 1993 .
Richard Desjardins ( born March 16 , 1948 in Rouyn , Quebec , Canada ) is a Québécois folk singer and film director .
Born in Brazil , Liédson became a Portuguese citizen in 2009 and appeared with the national team at the 2010 World Cup , already in his 30s .
Born in Rijswijk , Coen Teulings was the grandson of Frans Teulings , Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands 1951 - 52 .
Aaron Trinder ( born 6 November 1980 in New Zealand ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Norths Devils in the Queensland Cup .
Oko Jumbo ( died 1891 ) was an important chief in the Kingdom of Bonny , a state in the Niger Delta , now part of Rivers State , Nigeria .
Erni Mangold lives , as of 2011 , in Sankt Leonhard am Hornerwald , a little town in Waldviertel , Lower Austria .
Michał Bajor ( born 13 June 1957 in Głuchołazy , Poland ) is a Polish actor and musician .
Cyril Panther ( born 6 June 1938 in Nigeria ) was a Nigerian boxer .
Hugh Allan MacQuarrie ( November 25 , 1874 -- February 28 , 1942 ) was an undertaker , furniture dealer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Adjaratou Abdoulaye is a Togolese politician and a member of the Pan - African Parliament from Togo .
Aliou Coly started playing football for Casa Sports in Senegal .
Peter Schutz was born to Jewish parents in Berlin , Germany .
Yeohlee Teng is an American fashion designer originally from Malaysia and of Chinese heritage .
Xue Haifeng ( Chinese : 薛海峰 ; pinyin : Xuē Hǎifēng , born January 13 , 1980 in Ili , Xinjiang , People 's Republic of China ) is an archer from the People 's Republic of China .
Jorge Córdova ( 23 April 1822 , La Paz -- 23 October 1861 ) was a military officer and constitutional president of Bolivia ( 1855 - -1857 ) .
Alexander Mar Thoma Metropolitan was the head of the Mar Thoma Church with its center in Kerala state in south - western India .
Ernesto Ledesma ( born October 23 , 1930 in Montevideo , Uruguay - died January 19 , 2011 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Uruguay , Chile and Brazil .
Tarantella is popular in Southern Italy and Argentina .
Cassoulet ( French pronunciation : ​(ka.su.lɛ ) , from Occitan caçolet ( kasuˈlet ) ) is a rich , slow - cooked casserole originating in the south of France , containing meat ( typically pork sausages , goose , duck and sometimes mutton ) , pork skin ( couennes ) and white beans ( haricots blancs ) .
Vlokken ( Dutch for flakes ) , also chocoladevlokken , is a commonly used sandwich topping in the Netherlands .
Inland with Sturt is a 1951 documentary from Film Australia consisting of the 1950 - 51 re - enactment of Captain Charles Sturt 's 1829 - 30 expedition down the Murrumbidgee and Murray Rivers .
When Putnanja hears a news regarding arrival of Roja ( Meena ) to India(who went to America for studies during childhood and whom Putnanja likes and wants to marry ) he rushes towards her place to propose her to marry him .
My School Daze ( simplified Chinese : 书包太重 ) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
On 20 and 27 July 2008 Séptimo día dealt with the so - called Narcotourism in Bogotá , Medellín , and Cartagena , showing how foreigners come to Colombia in order to get easy and cheap access to drugs .
Skopje Fest ( Macedonian : Скопје Фест ) or Festival na zabavni melodii Skopje ( Фестивал на забавни мелодии Скопје ) is one of the main musical events in the Republic of Macedonia .
Now That 's What I Call Music ! ( 1983 - -present ) ( often shortened to Now ! ) is a series of various artists compilation albums released in the United Kingdom and Ireland by EMI ( as EMI TV / Virgin Records / Universal / Sony Music ) .
Palathalikalu is a sweet dish made during Sankranthi in the Delta region of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Good News Kasama si Vicky Morales ( Good News with Vicky Morales ) is the weekly news broadcast of GMA News TV which airs in the Philippines .
As per `` ibosnetwork '' , India 's leading Box - Office portal , Mumbai Xpress collected ₹4 crore in Hindi Belt alone .
The Times of India gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5 and wrote , `` Naaigal Jaakirathai 's success lies in how cannily Soundar Rajan gives us a thriller that also feels light .
9.3×74mmR is a European medium - bore cartridge invented in Germany around 1900 .
Anna 's Storm was filmed in Maple Ridge and Abbotsford , British Columbia in Canada .
La Leyenda de la Nahuala is a 2007 Mexican animated horror comedy film released in theaters on October 31 , 2007 in Mexico .
Super Laff - In is a sketch comedy television show in the Philippines that originally aired on ABS - CBN network from 1969 to 1975 and patterned after the Rowan & Martin 's Laugh - In TV show from the United States .
Ah Long Pte Ltd was released in Singapore on 7 February 2008 , and in Malaysia on 13 March .
Wonders of the Solar System was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 7 March 2010 .
Bazlama is a single layered , flat , circular and leavened bread with a creamish yellow colour , found in Turkey .
Asterix and the Vikings ( working international English title for Astérix et les Vikings ) is a 2006 French - Danish animated feature film , produced in France and Denmark , and directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Jesper Møller .
Last Life in the Universe was awarded in Thailand two times by the Thailand National Film Association Awards and the FIPRESCI Prize ( Bangkok International Film Festival ) .
Stormworld is an Australian - Canadian television drama series aired on the Nine Network in 2009 in Australia and first aired on Space March 2009 in Canada with a repeat broadcast in August 2009 .
WA Weekender is a travel and lifestyle show featuring destinations throughout Western Australia .
Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure ( Franklin et le trésor du lac in France ) is a children 's animated adventure film released on September 6 , 2006 , based on the TV series Franklin .
Rose hip soup , ( Swedish : Nyponsoppa ) is a soup made of rose hips and is a popular delicacy in Sweden .
On the Yorkshire Buses is a British television documentary programme narrated by Simon Farnaby , first broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 11 July and 29 August 2014 .
A Breath of Scandal , known as Olympia in Italy , is a 1960 film adapted from Ferenc Molnár 's stage play Olympia .
Pig City is an animated television program originally airing on Teletoon ( Canada ) , on September 1 , 2002 .
Malt loaf is a common snack food in the United Kingdom .
TV3 News is the branding of news programmes on Irish television channel TV3 Ireland since its launch in September 1998 .
Star Awards 2007 ( Chinese : 红星大奖 2007 ) is a television award ceremony held in Singapore .
A Moment of Romance ( Chinese : 天若有情 ) is a 1990 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Benny Chan , produced by Johnnie To , and starring Andy Lau , Jacklyn Wu and Ng Man - tat .
Mavro ( Greek : μαύρο , meaning `` black '' ) is an indigenous red grape cultivated on the island of Cyprus .
Burning Flame II ( Traditional Chinese : 烈火雄心II ) is a TVB modern action drama that focuses on the duties and challenges of Hong Kong firefighters .
Taxi Payant is the French version of the Cash Cab franchise available in Canada ; the English version is called Cash Cab , and airs on Discovery Channel .
In 1996 Norma of Sweden introduced the 6 mm Norma BR which was dimensionally similar to the 6 mm BR Remington .
Infarto ( Spanish for heart attack ) is a hidden camera show on Azteca 13 in Mexico and Azteca América in the United States .
Like Yosha 's previous two films , Dead End Street represented Israel at Cannes .
Producer Roger Frappier wanted to film Seducing Doctor Lewis in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada but the film was eventually shot on an island with a population of about 300 , Harrington Harbour , Quebec , Canada .
Gado - gado is widely sold in almost every part of Indonesia , with each area having its own modifications .
Hunkeler und die Augen des Ödipus is a 2012 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Basel respectively in Switzerland .
The Song of Love ( also known as Le chant d'amour or Love Song ; 1914 ) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico .
Hardcastle and McCormick is an American action / drama television series from Stephen J. Cannell Productions , shown on ABC from 1983 through 1986 .
Magic Kamison ( lit . Magic Chemise ) was a fantasy television series aired every Sunday afternoons by GMA Network .
Ittyadi ( Bengali : ইত্যাদি ; English : `` Ittadi '' ) is a popular megazine television programme in Bangladesh created and presented by Hanif Sanket that airs on Bangladesh Television .
Portrait of Francesco Gonzaga ( c. 1461 ) is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna .
Portrait of Kitty is a painting by Lucian Freud of Kitty Garman , his wife and the eldest daughter of the sculptor Jacob Epstein and Kathleen Garman .
The Portrait of a Gentleman with a Lion Paw is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto , dating to c. 1527 .
Compared to the rest of the BBC News output , The 7 O'Clock News had a completely different image and style of presentation , with a turquoise colour scheme in contrast to the standard red and black .
Gigantor is an American adaptation of the anime version of Tetsujin 28-go , a manga by Mitsuteru Yokoyama released in 1956 .
What a Nightmare , Charlie Brown ! is the 17th primetime animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , created by Charles M. Schulz .
Zawieszenie dzwonu Zygmunta ( Polish : Zawieszenie dzwonu Zygmunta na wieży katedry w roku 1521 w Krakowie , English : The Hanging of the Sigismund bell at the Cathedral Tower in 1521 in Kraków ) is a painting by Jan Matejko finished in 1874 .
Created in 1976 by Rev. David Mainse , it first aired on June 15 , 1977 , from its first studios located at 100 Huntley Street in the St. James Town area of Downtown Toronto .
The Langlois Bridge at Arles is the subject of four oil paintings , one watercolor and four drawings by Vincent van Gogh .
Elephant and Obelisk is a sculpture designed by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini .
Portraits at the Stock Exchange ( also known as At the Bourse ) is a painting by the French artist Edgar Degas .
Sarah Siddons as the Tragic Muse is a 1784 oil painting by Joshua Reynolds .
The Green Christ ( in French : Le Christ vert ) is a painting executed by Paul Gauguin in autumn 1889 in Pont - Aven , Brittany , France .
Horace Horsecollar is a cartoon character created in 1929 by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney .
The Fantastical Portraits or Fantasy Portraits ( French : Portraits de fantaisie ) are a series of portraits by the French painter Jean - Honoré Fragonard , mostly dating to 1769 .
The Joseph Lister Memorial is a memorial to Joseph Lister , 1st Baron Lister by the sculptor Thomas Brock , situated in Portland Place in Marylebone , London .
The Noon Universe ( Russian term : `` Мир Полудня '' or `` Мир Полдня '' -- `` World of Noon '' ) is a fictional future setting for a number of hard science fiction novels written by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky .
The Mérode Altarpiece is a triptych by the Early Netherlandish painter Robert Campin , although believed by some to be by a follower , probably copying an original by Campin .
Peter and the Wolf ( Russian : Петя и волк , Petya i volk ) , Op . 67 , is a composition written by Sergei Prokofiev in 1936 in the USSR .
Femme à l'Éventail ( also known as L'Éventail vert , Woman with a Fan , and The Lady ) is an oil painting created in 1912 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger ( 1883 - -1956 ) .
Gorazd Mihajlov ( Macedonian : Горазд Михајлов ; born 21 August 1974 ) is a former Macedonian football player and a current football coach who is currently coaching FK Teteks .
Kaare Norman Selvig ( 17 July 1918 -- 20 December 2015 ) was a Norwegian business leader .
Marguerite de Béthune ( 1595 - 21 October 1660 ) was the daughter of the Maximilien , the Duke of Sully and his second wife Rachel de Cochefilet .
Veronique Zanetti ( born 1959 ) , she is professor of Political Philosophy at Faculty of History , Philosophy , and Theology , Bielefeld University .
Slater Bradley ( born 1975 ) is an American artist and `` something of a cult hero '' who works in the mediums of photography , drawing , painting , film and video .
Todd Curley ( born 14 January 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , who played for Collingwood and the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League , and played and coached for the West Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League .
Haafiz Shahid Yaqoob ( Urdu : حافظ شاہد یعقوب ) ( born 10 May 1963 , Lahore , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played three ODIs in 1988 .
Yue Wenhai ( born January 1958 ) is a former Chinese official , he served as Mayor of Zhoukou from May 2012 to May 2013 .
Vũ Minh Tuấn ( born 19 September 1990 ) is Vietnamese footballer .
Chris Feather ( born 12 July 1981 ) in Keighley , West Yorkshire ) is an English rugby league player .
Ellie Tesher ( born 1941 ) is a Canadian journalist and advice columnist .
Draško Božović ( Cyrillic : Дpaшкo Бoжoвић , born 30 June 1988 in Titograd , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Sutjeska Nikšić .
Kevin McAleer ( born 1956 ) is an Irish professional stand - up comedian .
Stephen Lack ( born 1946 ) is a Canadian painter and a film actor best known for his role as the lead character , Cameron Vale , in David Cronenberg 's film Scanners .
General William R. Looney III , USAF ( born 1949 ) was the 28th Commander , Air Education and Training Command ( AETC ) , Randolph Air Force Base , Texas .
Judith Chichi Opara Mazagwu ( born 12 July 1971 ) , commonly known by her stage name Afro Candy ( also spelled Afrocandy ) , is a Nigerian film actress , director , producer , singer - songwriter , model and pornographic actress .
Christopher Chadman ( born circa 1948 -- died April 30 , 1995 ) was an American dancer and choreographer who was nominated for Tony , Drama Desk , and Outer Critics Circle Awards and was the winner of the Fred Astaire Award for his choreography for the 1992 revival of Guys and Dolls .
Abdurrahim Boynukalın ( born 1 January 1987 ) is a Turkish politician who serves as the President of the Justice and Development Party Youth Wing since 12 October 2014 .
Leonard van Munster ( born February 1972 , Zwolle ) , is a Dutch contemporary artist making Site - specific and Subject - specific work .
Hubert Chanson ( born 1 November 1961 ) is a professor in hydraulic engineering and applied fluid mechanics in the School of Civil Engineering at the University of Queensland since 1990 .
Mark McGuigan ( born 7 November 1988 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who is currently playing for Scottish League One side Stranraer .
Joseph Nechvatal ( born 1951 ) is a post - conceptual digital artist and art theoretician who creates computer - assisted paintings and computer animations , often using custom - created computer viruses .
Roy Powell ( born 2 October 1965 in Langham , Rutland ) is a British pianist , organist , keyboardist and composer .
Richard A. Jorgensen ( born 1951 ) is an American molecular geneticist and an early pioneer in the study of post transcriptional gene silencing .
Peder Tuborgh ( born 22 April 1963 ) , also referred to as Peder Tuborgh , is the previous Chief Executive of the Danish multi - national dairy processing company Arla Foods .
Paul Carlyle ( born 19 July 1967 in Derry ) is a former Northern Irish footballer and currently a manager .
Charlene R. Nunley , Ph.D. ( born 1950 ) was the first woman to become president of Montgomery College .
Joachim Meichssner ( 4 April 1906 -- 29 September 1944 ) was a German officer and member of the Resistance against the Nazi régime .
Joakim Puhk ( 25 May 1888 -- 14 September 1942 ) was an Estonian businessman , economist and Rotarian ; a member of the International Chamber of Commerce , and a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1936 to 1942 .
Chingmy Yau Suk - zing ( born 16 May 1968 ) is a retired Hong Kong actress .
Deirdre O'Kane ( born 1970 ) is an Irish stand - up comic and actress .
Steven De Lelie ( born 25 February 1977 ) is an actor and theatre director .
Adrian Maguire , born 29 April 1971 in Kilmessan , County Meath , Ireland , is a racehorse trainer and former jockey .
Avinash Karn ( Nepali : अविनाश कर्ण ) ( born 4 February 1995 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Ryan Smillie ( born 30 May 1992 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Petershill in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Gary Lynn Harris ( born 1953 ) is a professor of electrical engineering at Howard University and director of that school 's National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network facility .
Rahat Khan ( Bengali : রাহাত খান ) ( born 1940 ) is a Bangladeshi author , novelist , editor and journalist .
Richarlyson Barbosa Felisbino , simply Richarlyson , ( born 27 December 1982 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Novorizontino .
Marusha Aphrodite Gleiß ( born 18 November 1966 ) , known by her stage name Marusha , is a German electronic music producer who had several European hits in the mid-1990s .
Max Coltheart ( born April 16 1939 ) is an Australian cognitive scientist who specialises in cognitive neuropsychology and cognitive neuropsychiatry .
Raoul Middleman ( born 1935 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American painter known for his `` provocatively prolific work -- primarily traditional , including figure studies , landscapes , and still lifes -- and for being a megawatt personality . ''
Dannielle Brent , ( born 19 September 1979 ) also known as Danielle Brent is a British actress who played the prisoner Natalie Buxton on the television drama series , Bad Girls .
Muhammad Akhtar ( Born Muhammad Akhtar محمد اختر ) ( 1928 - -1974 ) ( pseudonym Saghar Siddiqui Urdu:ساغر صدیقی ) was an Urdu poet from Pakistan .
Zhang Jialong ( simplified Chinese : 张贾龙 ; traditional Chinese : 張賈龍 ; pinyin : Zhɑ̄ng Jiɑ̌lóng ) born on May 22 , 1988 , in Guiyang , Guizhou Province , is a Chinese journalist , blogger and a former editor of Tencent Finance .
( John ) Crispian Strachan CBE QPM ( born 1949 ) was Chief Constable of Northumbria Police from 1998 to 2005 .
Tonie Walsh ( born 25 December 1960 ) in Dublin , Ireland , is an LGBT rights activist , journalist , disc jockey and founder of the Irish Queer Archive .
Hanns Alexander ( 1917 - -2006 ) was a German Jewish refugee who tracked down and arrested the Kommandant of Auschwitz Rudolf Höss .
He Lifeng ( Chinese : 何立峰 ; born February 1955 ) is a Chinese politician .
Lionel Tromp ( born 19 April 1984 ) is a football player and member of the Aruba national football team .
Raffaele Palladino ( born 17 April 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who predominantly plays as a winger , although he is also capable of being deployed as a forward .
Yao Chang ( Chinese : 姚萇 ; 331 - -394 ) , courtesy name Jingmao ( 景茂 ) , formally Emperor Wuzhao of ( Later ) Qin ( ( 後)秦武昭帝 ) , was the founding emperor of the Chinese / Qiang state Later Qin .
John Cargill Thompson ( 1938 - 2000 ) was a Scottish dramatist specialising in one - person plays .
Douglas Ete , born 4 August 1964 , is a Solomon Islands politician .
Avionne Mark ( born 1989 ) is a Trinidadian model and beauty queen who won Miss Trinidad & Tobago 2012 .
Alexander Neumeister ( born 17 December 1941 ) is a German industrial designer from Berlin .
John Patton ( Colonel ) was born 1745 in Sligo , Ireland .
Eddie Gormley ( born 23 October 1968 ) is an Irish football coach and former player who is currently manager of Cabinteely .
William Wortham Pool ( April 1842 -- 1922 ) was an American bookkeeper .
Zaur Ramazanov ( born 27 July 1976 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer striker .
Kåre Pugerup ( born 1964 in Viborg ) is a diplomat and Chief of Staff at the United Nations agency IFAD in Rome .
Jørgen Christensen - Dalsgaard ( born 6 October 1950 ) is a Danish astronomer at Aarhus University in Denmark .
Kishore Bhatt ( किशोर भट्ट Kiśhore Bhātt , born : 2 March 1951 ) is an Indian voice actor who is known for dubbing foreign content in the Hindi language such as for films and TV programs .
Dmitry Zavadsky or Dzmitry Zavadski ( Russian : Дмитрий Завадский , Belarusian : Дзмітрый Завадскі ; 28 August 1972 -- declared dead 28 November 2003 ) was a Belarusian journalist who disappeared and was presumably murdered in 2000 .
Georgios Vakouftsis ( Greek : Γιώργος Βακουφτσής ; born 30 January 1980 ) is a Greek footballer .
Michael J. Malik , Sr . ( born February 1954 ) is a developer and entrepreneur from Detroit , Michigan who resides in Birmingham , Michigan .
Greg Hutchison ( born 13 June 1957 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Melbourne in the AFL .
Mark Ideson ( born 10 April 1976 in Parry Sound , Ontario ) is a Canadian Wheelchair curler who competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi and won gold .
John Peter Galanis ( born 1943 ) was an American financier in the 1970s and 1980s , who became a notorious white collar criminal .
Sir John Arnott , 1st Baronet JP ( 26 July 1814 -- 28 March 1898 ) was a Scottish - Irish entrepreneur and a major figure in the commercial and political spheres of late-19th century Cork .
Karen Mulhallen ( born 1942 in Woodstock , Ontario ) is a Canadian educator , poet , essayist , critic and editor .
Beshir Imanov was born in the village of Horadiz , Fuzuli in 1914 .
Li Boguang ( Chinese : 李柏光 ; pinyin : Lǐ Bóguāng ) ( born 1968 ) is a Chinese legal scholar and human rights activist .
David Botstein ( born 8 September 1942 ) is an American biologist serving as the Chief Scientific Officer of Calico .
Tom Kellichan ( born circa 1954 ) was known for being The Skids original drummer from 1977 to 1979 .
Martin Klink ( born 25 September 1940 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships .
Michael Bambang Hartono ( born 1941 in Kudus , Central Java ) , also known as Oei Gwie Siong , is a Chinese Indonesian billionaire heir and businessman .
Jon Trondson Benkestok ( 1530 - circa 1593 ) was a Norwegian nobleman ( Adelsmann ) and a member of the Benkestok family , one of the original noble families of Norway .
Khurram Hussain Agha ( born 18 October 1976 ) is an internationally notable Pakistani amateur snooker player , and current Pakistan No.4 .
Lee Kohse ( born 20 March 1974 ) is a comic book writer / artist , and creative / art director of Allegory .
Rojen Barnas is the pen name of Mehmet Gemici ( born 1945 ) , a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer .
Mabel Collins ( 9 September 1851 -- 31 March 1927 ) was a theosophist and author of over 46 books .
Peter Greenaway , CBE ( born 5 April 1942 ) is a British film director .
Jacqueline Rose , FBA ( born 1949 , London ) is a British academic who is currently Professor of Humanities at the Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities .
Gail Ashley , née Mowry , ( born 29 January 1941 ) is an American sedimentologist .
Seo Ji - seok ( Hangul : 서지석 ; sometimes romanised as Suh Ji - suk ; born 9 September 1981 ) is a South Korean actor .
Vice - Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood , 1st Baronet , GCH , KCB ( 28 December 1770 -- 17 December 1832 ) , whose memorial is in Killyleagh Parish Church , was a British sailor .
Asha Randall ( born 6 April 1990 ) is an English synchronised swimmer who represented Great Britain in the team event at the 2012 London Olympics .
Vanessa Renwick ( born 1961 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an American artist and filmmaker living in Portland , Oregon .
Paul - Christian Rieber ( born 30 March 1958 ) is a Norwegian business leader and former president of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise ( NHO ) .
Naomi Kahoilua Wilson ( born 5 July 1949 ) is an American actress known for the only role she ever played , that of `` Mahana '' in the film Johnny Lingo .
Giulio Chazalettes ( * 1930 ) is an Italian opera director and former actor .
Baron Johan August Meijerfeldt ( 1664 - -1749 ) was a Swedish general .
Giorgia Palmas ( born 5 March 1982 ) is an Italian television personality and model .
Fritz Ostermayer ( born 1956 in Schattendorf / Burgenland ) , lives and works in Vienna as radio broadcaster ( `` I m Sumpf''/FM4 ) , author , DJ and musician .
Andrew Biraj ( এন্ড্রু বিরাজ ; born 1982 ) is a Bangladeshi photojournalist .
Johannes Sittard ( born 27 September 1943 ) is a former non - executive director and Chairman of Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation ( ENRC ) , having been the Chief Executive Officer of the company until 20 August 2009 .
Princess Laetitia Maria of Belgium , Archduchess of Austria - Este ( Laetitia Maria Nora Anna Joachim Zita , born 23 April 2003 ) is the third daughter and youngest child of Lorenz , Archduke of Austria - Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium .
George Turberville , or Turbervile ( about 1540 - before 1597 ) was an English poet .
Philippe Foriel - Destezet ( born 1935 ) is a French billionaire businessman .
Benoît Lecomte ( born 1967 ) is a French - born long distance swimmer ( now a naturalized citizen of the U.S.A. ) who has received wide credit for being the first man to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a kick board in 1998 .
James Ebenezer Bicheno ( 25 January 1785 -- 25 February 1851 ) was a British author and colonial official .
Dragomir Bečanović ( born 10 February 1965 ) is a Montenegrin retired judoka .
John Pelosi ( born 29 February 1956 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for St Johnstone , Hamilton Academical , Kilmarnock , Queen of the South and Stenhousemuir .
Leonora Fani ( born 18 February 1954 ) is an Italian former film actress .
Wani Ardy ( born 25 October 1984 ) is a Malaysian creative writer and independent singer - songwriter .
Keith Flett ( born 31 October 1956 ) is a socialist historian and a prolific letter writer in the British press .
Mak Soi Kun ( Chinese : 麥瑞權 ; born 15 April 1956 in Macau ) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau also a member of the Macau Jiangmen Communal Society and a property firm president .
Menachem Mendel Taub ( born 1923 ) is the Rebbe of the Kaliv Hasidic dynasty .
Pacifique Issoïbeka ( born 1941 ? ) is a Congolese political figure who served in the government of Congo - Brazzaville as Minister of Finance from 2005 to 2009 .
Etienne Leroux was born in Oudtshoorn in the Western Cape on 13 June 1922 as Stephanus Petrus Daniël le Roux , son of S.P. Le Roux , a South African Minister of Agriculture .
Marta Pihan - Kulesza ( born 23 July 1987 ; ) is a Polish gymnast .
Ashiq Khan ( pronounced ( ' aa shek ˈxaːn ) ; born 7 June 1989 ) , is a Qatar - based Pakistani film actor .
Petros Galaktopoulos ( born 7 June 1945 ) is a Greek former Olympic Greco - Roman wrestler .
Randolph Ramnarace ( born 25 July 1941 ) is a former first - class cricketer who played mostly for Guyana .
Božidar Kavran ( 1913 - -1948 ) was a member of the Croatian World War II Ustaše regime Kavran was born in Zagreb on September 22 , 1913 .
Andrey Zvezdzin ( Belarusian : Андрэй Звездзін ; Russian : Андрей Звездин ; born 17 July 1986 ) is a retired Belarusian footballer .
Tessa Hilton ( born 18 February 1951 ) is a British magazine executive and former newspaper editor .
Edward Caruana Dingli ( born 24 April 1992 ) is a retired Maltese swimmer , holding the 400 m freestyle ( LCM ) and the 200 m and 400 m individual medley ( LCM ) national record and both the LCM and the SCM relay national record in the 4x200 m Freestyle .
Richard M. Sims , Jr. ( c. 1910 -- November 9 , 1985 ) was an Associate Justice of the California First District Court of Appeal , Division One from 1940 to 1978 and the District Attorney of Marin County from 1950 to 1953 .
David Doonan ( born 1954 ) is a website designer and politician .
Magdalen Nabb ( 16 January 1947 -- 18 August 2007 ) was a British author , best known for the Marshal Guarnaccia detective novels .
Ercole Gennari ( 10 March 1597 - 27 June 1658 ) was an Italian Renaissance drawer and painter .
Jade Etherington ( born 9 March 1991 ) is a British former alpine skier who , with her sighted guide Caroline Powell , won silver in the women 's downhill skiing , combined and slalom , and bronze medals in the Super - G at the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi .
John Truelove ( born 14 February 1968 ) is a British record producer , DJ , performer and music entrepreneur .
Gareth Andrews ( born 21 December 1946 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) - now the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jack Druce ( born 16 March 1991 ) is an Australian standup comedian , and comedy writer .
Jaroslav Jakubovič ( born 1948 ) is a Czech jazz saxophonist , composer and record producer .
Alexander Roy Harwood ( 1897 - -1980 ) , better known as A. R. Harwood , or Dick Harwood , was an Australian film director and producer who also worked in exhibition .
İbrahim Şahin ( born 1956 ) is a Turkish Ultranationalist and co conspirator in the murder of the Armenian Journalist Hrant Dink .
Gerry White ( 1943 - -2008 ) was a wealthy English born businessman and self - made millionaire .
Eva Cheng Yu - wah , GBS JP (; born 1960 , Hong Kong ) was the Secretary for Transport and Housing and the chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Authority in the Hong Kong Government .
Estevão Molnar ( born 25 August 1915 ) was a Brazilian fencer .
Gjergj Arianiti or George Araniti ( 1383 - -1462 ) was an Albanian lord who led several campaigns against the Ottoman Empire .
Philip Newman ( Manchester , 12 May 1904 -- Majorca , 23 November 1966 ) , was a British violinist and pedagogue .
Henry Howard , 4th Earl of Carlisle KG ( 14 August 1694 -- 3 September 1758 ) , styled Viscount Morpeth until 1738 was a British peer and Whig politician .
Ramón Sánchez Gomes , better known by his stage name Ramón de Algeciras , ( 5 February 1938 -- January 20 , 2009 ) was a Spanish flamenco guitarist , composer and lyricist .
Lothar Stäber ( born 4 May 1936 ) is a former German cyclist who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Ferry Corsten ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈfɛri ˈkɔrstə(n ) ) ; born 4 December 1973 ) is a Dutch DJ , producer and remixer of electronic dance music , the majority of which has been Trance .
Alexander John Bell ( 15 April 1906 -- 1 August 1985 ) , also known as Sandy Bell , was a South African cricketer who played in 16 Tests from 1929 to 1935 .
Henri - Louis Wakker ( 18 March 1875 -- 17 March 1972 ) was a Swiss banker and real estate entrepreneur .
Ivan Boumans , born in November 1983 in Madrid , Spain , is a Spanish / Luxembourgish musician , composer , conductor and teacher
Marcus Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus Phosphorius ( fl . 280 - 330 ) was a Consul of the Roman Empire in 330 .
Richard Kingi ( born 17 March 1989 in Tauranga , New Zealand ) is an Australian professional Rugby union footballer .
Carll Goodpasture ( born 1943 ) is an American cytogenetics expert , entomologist , and photographer .
Louisa Fontenelle ( 31 August 1769 -- 30 October 1799 ) was an actress and singer who played in London and Scotland before marrying and heading off to America to join the Boston Theatre .
David Gosset ( born May 23 , 1970 ) is a global affairs analyst , expert in international relations and a Sinologist .
Altoon Sultan born in Brooklyn New York in 1948 , is a Vermont - based artist and author who specializes in rural landscapes painted in egg tempera .
Nazzareno Tarantino ( born 4 January 1979 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Forward for Lucchese in the Serie D.
Filiberto Hernández Martínez ( born 1971 ) was a Mexican serial killer active between 2010 and 2013 .
Hamid Tamjidi ( Persian حمید تمجیدی ) ( born 1956 ) is an Iranian writer , film director , and producer .
Michael Murphy Andregg ( born in Nevada , USA , 1951 ) is known for his study of the causes of war , global problems related to war , intelligence ethics and his peace activism .
Paolo Buso ( born 28 July 1986 ) is an Italian rugby player .
Michael Haussman ( born 1964 ) is an American artist , writer , producer and director of motion pictures , television advertisements and music videos .
Wahid Omar , also spelled as Waheed Omar , ( وحید عمر ) ( born March 1978 ) is a politician in Afghanistan who served as the spokesperson of President of Afghanistan , Hamid Karzai .
Shivam Karn ( Nepali : शिवम कर्ण ; born 2 March 1992 ) is a Nepalese Educationist .
Tom Otterness ( born 1952 ) is an American sculptor best known as one of America 's most prolific public artists .
Sagar Pun ( Nepali : सागर पुन ) ( born 1 March 1993 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Morten Steenwinkel ( 1595 , Varberg -- 1646 , Copenhagen ) , was a Danish architect and painter .
Lillie Claus - Dostal ( 1905 - -2000 ) was an Austrian lyric coloratura opera and operetta singer .
Paek Hak - rim ( 1918 - October 5 , 2006 ) was the Deputy Director of the North Korean Ministry of Public Security .
Olaf Förster ( born 2 November 1962 ) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the coxless fours .
Lorenzo Cellerino ( born 30 December 1944 ) is an Italian former sprinter
Magali Vettorazzo ( born 16 March 1942 ) is a retired Italian pentathlete .
Arthur Chichester , 3rd Earl of Donegall ( 1666 -- 10 April 1706 ) was an Irish nobleman and soldier .
Meredith Jung - En Woo ( born 1958 ) is the director of the International Higher Education Support Program at the Open Society Foundation in London .
Maria Felice Tibaldi ( born 1707-unknown ) was an Italian painter .
Mike Bamber ( 16 October 1930 - 11 July 1988 ) was a British businessman and football executive .
Aya de Leon ( born 1967 in Los Angeles ) is a novelist who teaches at the University of California Berkeley .
Luke Erceg ( born 11 August 1993 ) co - stars on the Australian television show Mortified ( 2006 - -2007 ) .
Khaled Al Zaher , sometimes reported as Khaled Zaher , ( born 2 September 1972 ) is a retired Syrian footballer .
Ben Silbermann ( born 1982 ) is an American Internet entrepreneur who co - founded and is CEO of Pinterest , a virtual pinboard which lets users organize images , links , recipes and other things .
Svetomir Belić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светомир Белић ) ( born 2 November 1946 as Svetomir Beljić ) is a former Serbian boxer .
Tony Oakey ( born 2 January 1976 , Portsmouth , England ) is an English professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division .
Wasim Haider ( born 6 June 1967 , Faisalabad , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani right arm fast medium bowler in cricket who played three One Day International matches during the 1992 Cricket World Cup .
Pory was a son of Robert Pory , born in London , probably about 1608 .
Michael de la Pole , 2nd Earl of Suffolk ( 1367 -- 17 September 1415 ) , an English nobleman , supported Henry IV ( reigned 1399 - 1413 ) against Richard II ( reigned 1377 - 1399 ) .
Amir Hossein Jahanshahi(Persian : امیرحسین جهانشاهی born 25 September 1960 ) is an Iranian political activities and businessman .
Phillip E. Hill , Sr . ( born 1956 ) was the ringleader of the largest mortgage fraud scheme ever prosecuted in the State of Georgia .
Angelo Keder , born 1955 , is a Swedish contemporary artist .
Brit Bildøen ( born 28 January 1962 ) is a Norwegian poet , novelist , essayist , children 's writer and literary critic .
Gurcharan Das ( born 3 October 1943 ) is an Indian author , commentator and public intellectual .
Deborah Andollo ( born in Havana in 1967 ) is a Cuban free - diving athlete who held several world records in different disciplines .
Jenna Randall ( born 20 September 1988 ) is an English former Synchronised swimmer who represented Great Britain at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008 and London 2012 .
Pierre Sanoussi - Bliss ( born 17 August 1962 , Berlin - Mitte ) is a German actor and director .
Philo Judson Farnsworth ( born in Westford , Vermont , 9 January 1832 ; died in Clinton , Iowa , 14 February 1909 ) was a United States physician who worked in Iowa .
Darren Mullings ( born 3 March 1987 ) is an English professional footballer .
Artist Dan Keplinger ( born 19 January 1973 ) was featured in the Oscar - winning documentary short , King Gimp .
Ilan Averbuch ( born 1953 ) is a sculptor born in Israel , but educated in England and the United States .
Odd - Karl Stangnes ( born 28 October 1968 ) is a Norwegian football coach and former player .
Sean Friars ( born 15 May 1979 in Derry , Northern Ireland ) is a footballer and former Liverpool player .
Miki Haimovich ( Hebrew : מיקי חיימוביץ'‎ pronounced ( ˈmiki ˈχa.imovitʃ ) ; born 15 June 1962 ) is an Israeli television presenter .
Harry Flemming ( 1933 -- 16 February 2008 ) was a Nova Scotian journalist focused on politics .
Michael Patsalos - Fox ( born 1953 ) is the CEO of Stroz Friedberg in New York .
Police General Seripisut Temiyavet ( Thai : เสรีพิศุทธ์ เตมียาเวส ; rtgs : Seriphisut Temiyawet , originally : Seri Temiyavet ; Thai : เสรี เตมียเวส ; born 3 September 1948 ) was Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police between February 2007 and April 2008 .
Lee Potter ( born 4 January 1972 ) , known by his stage name Cut La Roc , is a British electronic musician , considered as a pioneer of big beat , a genre fusing elements of hip hop , house and rock
Yoshika Arai ( Japanese : 荒井 悦加 , née Tatsumi Japanese : 辰巳 ; born 26 February 1982 ) is a Japanese middle- and long - distance runner who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Yang Jie ( simplified Chinese : 楊婕 ; traditional Chinese : 杨婕 ; pinyin : Yáng Jié ; born 1 March 1994 in Shanghai ) , she is the team member of China women 's national volleyball team which position is opposite and outside hitter .
Muhayman Jamil ( born 1956 ) is an Iraqi doctor and literary translator .
Conrad Roland ( born Conrad Roland Lehmann in 1934 ) is a German architect and pioneer of the construction of spacenets ( tensile structures ) , which primarily are to be found as rope climbing frames on playgrounds .
Yuan He ( 源賀 ) ( 403 -- October 22 , 479 ) , né Tufa Poqiang ( 禿髮破羌 ) , formally Prince Xuan of Longxi ( 隴西宣王 ) , was a high - level official of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei .
Luis Guillermo Pineda Rodas ( born 1984 , Guatemala ) is a global studies expert , social scientist and entrepreneur .
Massimo Barbuti ( 5 August 1958 ) is a former Italian football player and manager born in San Giulio Terme .
Tepai Moeroa ( born 2 October 1995 ) is a Cook Island -- born Australian professional rugby footballer who currently plays rugby league for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League .
Harish Shankar ( born 31 March 1979 ) is a film director and screenwriter who works in Telugu cinema .
John Ferenzik ( born John Michael Ferencsik 13 October 1955 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American musician , keyboardist , guitarist and composer .
Saleh Ould Hanenna ( born 1965 or 1966 ) is a former Mauritanian soldier and political figure .
Consort Liang ( 梁貴人 , personal name unknown ) ( 62(?)-83 ? ) , posthumous title Empress Gonghuai ( 恭懷皇后 , literally , `` empress of reverent recollection '' ) , was an imperial consort to Emperor Zhang of Han .
Kurt Jackson ( born 21 September 1961 ) is a British painter whose large canvases reflect a concern with natural history , ecology and environmental issues .
Francesco Menzocchi ( 1502 - -1574 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance and Mannerist period .
Wyatt Tee Walker ( born 16 August 1929 ) is an African American pastor , national civil rights leader , theologian , and cultural historian .
Luis Ignatius Peñalver y Cárdenas ( Havana , 3 April 1749 -- Havana , 17 July 1810 ) was a Cuban Catholic Bishop of New Orleans , and Archbishop of Guatemala .
Hella Jongerius ( born 30 May 1963 in De Meern , Utrecht ) is a Dutch industrial designer .
Richard Colburn ( born on 25 July 1970 ) is the drummer of the Scottish indie band Belle & Sebastian .
Vanessa Walters , ( born 1978 , in London , United Kingdom ) is an English novelist and playwright .
Keith Broomfield ( 1979 -- June 3 , 2015 ) was an American volunteer fighter who was killed while serving with the Kurdish YPG in Syria .
Syed Hussain was born on 16 July 1919 , in ancestral house in Mohalla Mir Maidan in Dooru--
Naomi Beckwith ( born 1976 ) is a curator at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago .
Lopito Feijóo ( born 29 September 1963 as João André da Silva Feijó , Lombe , Malanje , Angola ) is an Angolan Portuguese - speaking writer .
Paul Langheinrich ( 1895 - -1979 ) was a German genealogist who saved a large number of German records that might have otherwise been destroyed from 1945 to 1953 .
Temenuzhka Petkova ( Bulgarian : Теменужка Петкова ) ( born 18 January 1967 ) is a Bulgarian politician and accountant .
Edward Whitaker Gray ( 21 March 1748 -- 27 December 1806 ) , English botanist and secretary to the Royal Society , was uncle of Samuel Frederick Gray , author of The Practical Chemist .
James E. Moore Jr. ( born 1951 ) is an American composer , singer and music pedagogue from LaCrosse , Virginia .
Krzysztof Ratajski ( born 1 January 1977 ) is a Polish darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events .
Esmayeel Shroff ( born 12 August 1960 ) is an Indian film director and writer , noted for his work in the Bollywood industry .
Akaash Bhatia ( born 1 May 1983 in Loughborough , England ) is a British featherweight professional boxer .
Edmund Elisha Case ( April 1844 -- 1919 ) was an American painter active in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Ellen Joyce Loo ( born 27 March 1986 ) is a Hong Kong Canadian singer - songwriter , member of the Hong Kong electrofolk and cantopop musical group at17 .
Frank Schültge ( born 16 July 1968 in Bremen ) is a German author , musician , and producer , working under the pseudonym F. S. Blumm .
Donnacha Cody ( born 24 December 1985 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a corner - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Robert Newton Flew was born at Holsworthy , Devon on 25 May 1886 , the older son of Josiah Flew ( 1859 - -1925 ) , a Wesleyan Methodist minister , and his wife , Florence Jones ( 1863 - -1964 ) .
Anju Bala ( born 6 September 1979 Kathua , Jammu & Kashmir ) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha .
Professor François Diederich ( born 9 July 1952 , in Ettelbruck ) is a Luxembourgian chemist specializing in organic chemistry .
Allison Joseph ( born 1967 ) is an American poet , editor and professor .
Aaron Lopez ( 1731 - -1782 ) , born Duarte Lopez , was a Portuguese Jewish merchant and philanthropist .
Celso Esquivel González ( born on 20 March 1981 ) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently playing for Club Almagro of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina ..
Connie Kay ( born Conrad Henry Kirnon ; 27 April 1927 -- 30 November 1994 ) was an American jazz drummer .
Steve Dinneen ( born Stephen Edward Dinneen , 30 July 1982 ) is a London - based British journalist working for City AM .
Eric Blackwood ( aviator ) ( born December 7 , 1921 ) aviator , born Brookfield , Bonavista Bay , Newfoundland , Canada .
Jeanne Little ( born Jeanne Mitchell ; 11 May 1938 ) is a Gold Logie - award winning Australian entertainer and TV personality , now retired .
Thomas Kyparissis ( Greek : Θωμάς Κυπαρίσσης ; born 26 March 1970 ) is a retired Greek football player .
Paul Victor Obeng ( c. 1947 -- May 17 , 2014 ) , also known as P. V. Obeng , was a Ghanaian mechanical engineer , politician and chairman of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology council .
Johanna Dorothea Lindenaer , also Johanna Dorothea Zoutelande or Madame de Zoutelandt , ( 1664 - -1737 ) was a Dutch writer , memoirist and translator .
Lars - Erik Persson ( born 24 September 1944 ) is a Swedish professor in mathematics , which is especially known for his works in Fourier analysis , function spaces , inequalities , interpolation theory and related problems connected to convexity and quasi - monotone functions .
Jan Stanisław Jankowski ( 6 May 1882 -- 13 March 1953 ; noms de guerre Doktor , Jan , Klonowski , Sobolewski , Soból ) was a Polish politician , an important figure in the Polish civil resistance during World War II and a Government Delegate at Home .
Kiyonari Shibata ( Japanese : 柴田 清成 ; born 27 March 1973 ) is a Japanese former track and field athlete and middle - distance runner .
Arthur Yap Chioh Hiong ( Chinese : 叶纬雄 ; pinyin : Yè WěiXióng ; 1943 - -2006 ) was a Singaporean poet , writer and painter .
Elisabeth White ( born 13 June 1976 ) is an Australian singer / songwriter , abstract painter and record producer , who has gained a large international following .
Heinrich Boere ( 27 September 1921 -- 1 December 2013 ) was a convicted German - Dutch war criminal and former member of the Waffen - SS . He was on the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals .
Katie Underwood ( born 23 December 1975 ) is an Australian singer - songwriter , best known for being a member of Bardot , winners of the first Australian series of Popstars in 2000 .
Henry Gadsby ( 1842 - -1907 ) was an English musician ,
JS Clayden ( born Jonathan Seth Clayden , 24 March 1971 , London , England ) is a British singer and songwriter .
Robert Audi ( born November 1941 ) is an American philosopher whose major work has focused on epistemology , ethics -- especially on ethical intuitionism -- and the theory of action .
Alastair MacGregor Martin was born on 30 June 1954 and attended The Mackay School in Chile .
Hans Cappelen ( 18 December 1903 -- 1979 ) was a Norwegian jurist , businessperson and resistance fighter .
Miriam Green ( born ca 1950 ) is a South - African / British organizational theorist , and Senior Lecturer in Organisation Studies in the Department of Management and Professional Development at London Metropolitan University from 1980 to 2008 .
Charles Warren Adams ( 1833 - -1903 ) was an English lawyer , publisher and anti - vivisectionist , now known from documentary evidence to have been the author of The Notting Hill Mystery .
Yang Chunlin ( Chinese : 杨春林 ; pinyin : Yáng Chūnlín ; born 1954 ) is a human rights activist in Heilongjiang , China .
Ernesto Dihigo y López Trigo ( 23 January 1896 -- 1991 ) was a prominent Cuban jurist , diplomat , and professor .
Graeme Cessford ( born 4 October 1983 in Hexham ) is an English cricketer active in 2013 who plays for Worcestershire .
Ilya Trachynski ( Belarusian : Ілья Трачынскі ; Russian : Илья Трачинский ; born 29 May 1989 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer .
Chandran Kukathas ( born 12 September 1957 ) is a Malaysian - born Australian political theorist known for his work on multiculturalism and liberalism .
Mark Van Hoen ( born September 1966 , Croydon , London , England ) is an English electronic music artist .
Robert Heinrich Wagner , born as Robert Backfisch ( 13 October 1895 -- 14 August 1946 ) was Gauleiter of Baden , and Gauleiter of Alsace and Head of the Civil Government of Alsace during the German occupation of France in World War II . Robert Wagner was born in Lindach in the German Empire .
Sung Nak - yang ( born 1964 ) is a South Korean businessman and a former CEO of Yahoo ! Korea .
Roger Ainsworth ( born 1951 ) is Master of St Catherine 's College , Oxford and Professor of Engineering Science at the University of Oxford , England .
Christina Schmuck ( sometimes listed as Christa Schmuck , born 26 January 1944 ) is a West German luger who competed during the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Elio Calderini ( born 9 June 1988 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays Catania .
J. Michael Henderson ( born 1945 in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is an American general and transplant surgeon , with experience in portal hypertension , liver transplantation , and pancreatic disease .
Wally Haysom ( 17 December 1897 -- 1 November 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Álex Márquez i Alentà ( born 23 April 1996 ) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer , and the younger brother of Marc Márquez , who also competes at Grand Prix level .
Kemal Kerinçsiz ( b. 1960 in Edirne , Turkey ) is a Turkish nationalist lawyer , famous for filing complaints against more than 40 Turkish journalists and authors ( including Orhan Pamuk , Elif Şafak , and the late Hrant Dink ) for `` insulting Turkishness '' .
Shqiprim Binakaj ( born 26 April 1989 , in Gjakovë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sonnenhof Großaspach in the 3 .
Marc Zinga ( born 21 October 1984 ) is a Belgian actor , singer and filmmaker .
Dmytro Krivtsov ( Ukrainian : Кривцов Дмитро Іванович ; born 3 April 1985 ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who rides for the ISD Continental Team .
Brigitte Boisselier ( born 1956 ) , also known as Brigitte Roehr , is a French chemist and Raëlian religious leader best known for her claim to have overseen the creation of the first human clone .
Noshirvan Nagarwala ( 10 October 1909 -- 10 September 1998 ) was an Indian cricket umpire .
Peter Staley ( born January 9 , 1961 ) is an American HIV / AIDS - LGBT rights activist , known for founding the Treatment Action Group ( TAG ) and the educational website AIDSmeds.com .
Sir John Perceval , 1st Baronet ( 17 September 1629 -- 1 November 1665 ) was a substantial land owner in Ireland .
Edmond Farhat ( born 20 May 1933 in Ain Kfaa , Lebanon ) is an Emeritus Lebanese Apostolic nuncio , a diplomatic representative of the Holy See .
Alfred Holt ( 13 June 1829 -- 1911 ) was a Victorian engineer , ship owner and merchant .
Richard Stringer ( born 15 March 1772 at Leicester ; date of death unknown ) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1803 .
Thanasis Gogas ( Greek : Θανάσης Γκόγκας ; born 29 September 1980 ) is a Greek footballer .
Jules Goux ( 6 April 1885 - 6 March 1965 ) , was a Grand Prix motor racing champion and the first Frenchman , and the first European , to win the Indianapolis 500 .
Chris Centrone ( born 24 July 1991 ) is an Italian Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Wyong Roos of the New South Wales Cup .
Richard Beaudoin ( born October 10 , 1975 ) is an American composer of contemporary music .
James Ignatius Taylor was born at Gardiner 's Place , Dublin in July 1805 , to Joseph and Anne Taylor .
Edna O'Brien ( born 15 December 1930 ) is an Irish novelist , memoirist , playwright , poet and short story writer .
Fei Gaoyun ( Chinese : 费高云 ; born August 1971 ) is a Chinese politician serving since 2014 as the Mayor of Changzhou , a city in Jiangsu province .
Cargill Gilston Knott FRS , FRSE ( 30 June 1856 -- 26 October 1922 ) was a Scottish physicist and mathematician who was a pioneer in seismological research .
Tim Hargreaves ( born 30 May 1975 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) during the 1990s .
Harry Goldsborough ( born 1920 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team .
Lesley Chamberlain ( born 26 September 1951 , Rochford , Essex ) is a British journalist , travel writer and historian of Russian and German culture and has published short stories and novels and written about food .
Antonio del Rincón ( 1566 -- March 2 , 1601 ) was a Jesuit priest and grammarian , who wrote one of the earliest grammars of the Nahuatl language ( known generally as the Arte mexicana , MS . published in 1595 ) .
Pope Gregory V , né Bruno of Carinthia ( Latin : Gregorius V ; c. 972 -- 18 February 999 ) was Pope from 3 May 996 to his death in 999 .
Theo Tams ( born 12 July 1985 ) is a Canadian singer and the winner of the sixth season of the CTV reality show Canadian Idol .
Marguerite Poland ( born 3 April 1950 , Johannesburg ) is a South African writer and author of eleven children 's books .
Gabriel Goodman ( 6 November 1528 -- 17 June 1601 ) became the Dean of Westminster on 23rd September 1561 and the re - founder of Ruthin School , in Ruthin , Denbighshire .
Mohammad A. Quayum ( born 30 June 1954 ) is an academic , writer , editor , critic and translator .
Ioannis Tsilis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Τσίλης , born 15 July 1986 in Ioannina ) is a Greek rower .
Andy Hayes ( Andrew ) ( born 1977 ) is a published travel writer and travel industry entrepreneur from Oregon State , United_States , known internationally as that travel guy .
Henri Félix Camille Beaulieu ( known as Henri Beylie ; 30 November 1870 -- 1944 ) was a French accountant , naturist , anti - militarist , anarchist and then communist .
Scilla Elworthy ( born 3 June 1943 ) is a peace builder , and the founder of the Oxford Research Group , a non - governmental organisation she set up in 1982 to develop effective dialogue between nuclear weapons policy - makers worldwide and their critics , for which she was nominated three times for the Nobel Peace Prize .
Ramaz Urushadze ( Georgian : რამაზ ურუშაძე ; Russian : Рамаз Павлович ( Перузович ) Урушадзе , Ramaz Pavlovich Urushadze ; 17 August 1939 -- 7 March , 2012 ) was a Soviet Georgian footballer .
Cuthmann of Steyning ( c. 681 -- 8th century ) , also spelt Cuthman , was an Anglo - Saxon hermit , church - builder and saint .
M.L. Liebler ( born Michael Lynn Liebler in 1953 in Detroit , Michigan ) is the author and editor of several books of poetry including Brooding in the Heartlands .
Monika Kapil Mohta ( Hindi : मोनिका कपिल मोहता , born 19 January 1962 ) is an Indian diplomat , serving as Additional Secretary in the Ministry of External Affairs .
Marvin Gaye Chetwynd ( born Alalia Chetwynd , 1973 , best known as Spartacus Chetwynd ) is a British artist known for reworkings of iconic moments from cultural history in improvised performances .
Ramazan Sal ( born 27 June 1985 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a center back for Şanlıurfaspor .
Adam Cleghorn Welch ( 14 May 1864 -- 19 February 1943 ) was a Scottish clergyman and biblical scholar .
Michelle Bridges ( born 20 October 1970 ) is an Australian personal trainer , author and TV personality .
Manuel Landeta ( born José Manuel Goenaga Jassan in 1958 ) is a Mexican singer and actor of telenovelas .
Stanley Dickens ( born 7 May 1952 in Färila ) is a Swedish race car driver who won the Le Mans 24 hours in 1989 driving a Sauber C9-Mercedes .
María Fernanda Cardoso ( born 1963 ) is a Colombian Australian artist , sculptor and illustrator .
Melanie Rawn ( born 1954 ) is an author of fantasy literature .
Jonas Elmer ( born 28 February 1988 ) is a Swiss footballer who is a free agent .
Keith Harwood ( 1940 -- September 3 , 1977 ) was a recording engineer , most notable for his work at Olympic Studios with such musicians as David Bowie ( on Diamond Dogs in 1974 ) , the Pretty Things and Ron Wood .
Michael Segal ( Hebrew : מיכאל סגל ; Russian : Михаил Сегал , born 1972 in Kishinev , USSR ) is a Professor of Communication Systems Engineering at Ben - Gurion University of the Negev , known for his work in ad - hoc and sensor networks .
E. Lawrence Barcella , Jr. , often known as Larry Barcella ( 23 May 1945 - 4 November 2010 ) was an Assistant United States Attorney for the District of Columbia ( 1971 - 1986 ) and a criminal defense lawyer in private practice ( 1986 - 2010 ) , specializing in white - collar crime .
Jay Neagle ( born 17 January 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer formerly with the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Greg Phillips ( born 26 March 1959 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played with the Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and had a stint with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Jim Gaylord ( born 1974 ) is an American artist living and working in New York .
Samuel Charles Wilks ( 1789 - -1872 ) was an evangelical clergyman of the Church of England , known as a journalist .
Anita Graham ( born 1948 ) is a British film , stage and television actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
Charles Greaves M Inst CE FGS ( 1816 - 1883 ) , eldest son of Charles Greaves ( d. 1829 ) , was born in Amwell , Hertfordshire on 19 October 1816 .
Fadrique de Portugal y Noroña ( c. 1465 -- 15 January 1539 ) was a Luso - Aragonese politician and cleric .
Oktay Derelioğlu ( born 17 December 1975 ) is Turkish former international footballer .
Colm Cassidy ( born 11 March 1978 , in Kilcormac , County Offaly , Ireland ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Jakob Karl Ernst Halm ( born Bingen am Rhein : 30 November 1866 -- South Africa 17 July 1944 ) was a pioneer of stellar dynamics and the first person to suggest the existence of a mass - luminosity relation for stars .
Dale Baynes ( born 29 November 1980 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played one game for Collingwood in the Australian Football League in 2000 .
Rev. Frederick Lewis Weis , Th . D. ( August 22 , 1895 --April 11 , 1966 ) reverend , author of a number of well - known genealogical books .
Silver Eensaar ( born 29 July 1978 ) is an Estonian orienteer , rogainer and adventure racer .
Craig Baldwin ( born 1952 ) is an American experimental filmmaker .
Stjepan Hauser ( Croatian pronunciation : ( stjêpaːn xǎuser ) ; born 15 June 1986 ) is a Croatian cellist .
George Brewer ( born 1766 ) was an English miscellaneous writer .
Lisa Swerling ( born 1972 ) is a South African / British artist and a New York Times Bestselling author .
Stefan Grimm ( 1963 - 2014 ) was a biologist who held a Chair in Toxicology at Imperial College London .
Ottokar Lorenz ( 17 September 1832 -- 13 May 1904 ) was an Austrian - German historian and genealogist .
Emil Caras ( born 21 December 1967 ) is a Moldovan professional football coach and a former player , who currently works as assistant manager at Romanian side ASA Târgu Mureș .
Eiichi Yamamoto ( born 22 November 1940 ) is a Japanese film director and screenwriter of anime .
Dr. Wayne Hankey ( born 1944 ) , is a Canadian religious philosopher .
Marco Antonio Palacios Redorta ( born 6 March 1981 ) , commonly known as `` Pikolin '' is a Mexican footballer who last played for Monarcas Morelia on loan from Pumas UNAM .
Angalifu ( pronounced `` ang - uh - LEEF - oo '' ; 1970 - -2014 ) was a captive northern white rhinoceros held at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park .
Pavlos Mitropoulos ( Greek : Παύλος Μητρόπουλος ; born 4 April 1990 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panionios in the Greek Superleague as a defensive midfielder .
William Gordon Young ( 15 June 1904 -- 6 September 1974 ) was an Australian physical culturist and public servant .
Michael Joaquin Grey ( born 1961 in Los Angeles ) is an American artist , inventor , educator , and toy designer based in New York City .
Dimitris Beis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Μπέης ; 1928 -- 25 October 2012 ) was a Greek politician .
Sadat Mansoor Naderi was born in Kabul on 3 March 1977 to a spiritual family .
Lt Commander Rahul Nair ( b. 1976 - d.4th Mar 2010 ) was a pilot with the Indian Navy .
Keith Strachan ( born 21 January 1944 , Consett , County Durham ) is a British composer and theatre director .
Lyudmila Gubkina ( Belarusian : Людміла Губкіна ; born 13 August 1973 in Navapolatsk , Vitsebsk Voblast ) is a Belarusian hammer thrower .
Saskia de Brauw ( born 19 April 1981 ) is a Dutch artist and model .
Fiona Allen ( born 13 March 1965 ) is an English comedienne and actress .
Karl Wilhelm von Dalla Torre ( 14 July 1850 -- 6 April 1928 ) was an Austrian taxonomist , entomologist and botanist .
Nyala Rinpoche Rigdzin Changchub Dorje ( 1826 -- 1961/1978 ) was a teacher of Dzogchen , terton and practitioner of Tibetan medicine .
Lothar Fendler ( born 13 August 1913 in Breslau ; date of death unknown , after 1951 ) was an SS - Sturmbannführer , in Sonderkommando 4b of Einsatzgruppe C and was involved in the murder of the Jews in occupied Ukraine .
Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov ( born 21 March 1964 ) is a television evangelist , founding director of the first Christian Media Center in the former Soviet Union , pastor , and overseas missionary .
Ohn Gyaw ( Burmese : အုန်းကျော် , pronounced : ( ʔóʊɴ dʑɔ̀ ) ; born 1932 ) is a Burmese politician who served as 16th Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Anna Hackl ( born 1931 ) is a farmer in Schwertberg .
Ann Shumelda Okerson ( b. c. 1950 ) is an internationally distinguished librarian and expert on the place of new digital technologies in libraries .
Generoso Rossi ( born 3 January 1979 ) is an Italian footballer who is currently a free agent having most recently played for Sorrento in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione --
Jimmy MacBeath ( 1894 - -1972 ) was an itinerant worker and singer of Bothy Ballads from the north east of Scotland .
Keith Tippett ( born Keith Graham Tippetts ; 25 August 1947 ) is a British jazz pianist and composer .
Lyndy Brill ( also known as Lindy Brill , born 30 July 1963 ) is a former actress and singer .
Wilco Zeelenberg ( born 19 August 1966 ) is a Dutch former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and current race team manager .
Tony Brandon ( born 12 December 1933 , in Portland , Dorset ) is an English radio presenter and comedian .
Mambury Njie ( born 27 June 1962 ) is a Gambian politician who has served as both Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs and held other roles in the Cabinet of the Gambia .
Thomas Henry Goodwin Newton ( 1835 - -1907 ) was the Chairman of Imperial Continental Gas Association ( now known as Calor Gas ) , one of the United Kingdom 's largest energy businesses .
Renato Álvarez Vásquez ( born 2 December 1960 in El Porvenir , Francisco Morazán ) is a journalist from Honduras who reads the evening news on TN5 .
Dzmitry Vaitsishkin ( born 1985 ) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who has been competing since 2005 .
Carl Klönne ( 26 May 1850 - 20 May 1915 ) was a German Banker .
Rolf Solli ( born 1953 ) is a Swedish organizational theorist and Professor of Management at the University of Borås .
Gauri Shankar Chaturbhuj Bisen ( born 1 January 1952 ) is a current cabinet minister in BJP ministry of Madhya Pradesh .
Yusef Sozi born 20 December 1981 in Kampala , Uganda is a rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles in National League One .
Humphrey Owen Jones ( 20 February 1878 -- 12 August 1912 ) was a Welsh chemist and mountaineer .
Maureen Koech ( born 21 May 1989 ) is a Kenyan actress , songwriter and singer .
Robert Kidston , FRS ( 29 June 1852 - 13 July 1924 ) was a Scottish palaeobotanist .
The Rt Hon . Sir Peter Gibson ( born 10 June 1934 ) , is a former British barrister and Lord Justice of Appeal of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales , and is currently a judge of the Qatar International Court .
Gedalia Gal ( Hebrew : גדליה גל‎ , born 14 February 1933 ) is an Israeli farmer and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Labor Party from 1988 until 1996 .
Sebastien Toutant ( born 9 November 1992 ) is a Canadian snowboarder , and is occasionally called Seb Toots .
John Furniss ( born near Sheffield , England , 19 June 1809 ; died at Clapham , London , 16 September 1865 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest , known for his mission to children .
Kyle Coney ( born 1990 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Northern Ireland .
Anthimos Kapsis ( Greek : Άνθιμος Καψής ; born 3 September 1950 ) is a Greek former International football player .
Katarína Horáková ( born 12 October 1934 ) , published in English speaking countries as Katarina Horak , is a professor of biology at Faculty of Chemical and Food Technology , Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Harpreet Singh Bhatia ( born 11 August 1991 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Madhya Pradesh in Indian domestic cricket .
Prashant Chopra ( born 7 October 1992 ) is an Indian Under-19 player .
Lorenz Bogaert , born 1976 , is a Belgian online media entrepreneur .
Jacqueline Kudler ( born 1935 ) is a poet and educator who lives in Sausalito , California .
Yeoh Ken Nee ( simplified Chinese : 杨健立 ; traditional Chinese : 楊健立 ; pinyin : Yáng Jiànlì ; born 30 April 1983 ) is a Malaysian diver .
Moniruddin Khan ( Bengali : মনিরুদ্দিন খান , born August 1974 ) , is a Bengali poet and writer .
Majid Michel ( nicknamed Shaker , born 22 September 1980 ) is a Ghanaian actor .
Edmund Joseph Sullivan ( 1869 - -1933 ) , usually known as E. J. Sullivan , was a British book illustrator who worked in a style which merged the British tradition of illustration from the 1860s with aspects of Art Nouveau .
Robert Charles Anderson , ( born 1944 ) Director of the Great Migration Study Project , was educated as a biochemist and served in the United States Army in electronics intelligence .
Jillian Lauren ( born August 30 , 1973 ) is an American writer , performer and former escort .
Lydia Thompson , born Eliza Hodges Thompson ( 19 February 1838 -- 17 November 1908 ) , was an English dancer , comedian , actress and theatrical producer .
Alan Brogan ( born 11 January 1982 ) is a Gaelic footballer from the St Oliver Plunketts / Eoghan Ruadh club who played inter - county with Dublin from 2002 until his retirement in 2015 .
Goran Ješić ( Serbian : Горан Јешић ; born 3 August 1974 in Sremska Mitrovica , SFR Yugoslavia ) is the Vice President of the Democratic Party in Serbia and was the Vice President of the Government of Vojvodina from 2012 to 2014 .
Emily Dubberley ( born 1974 , Cheltenham ) is a British author and journalist specialising in sex and relationships .
Walter Jon Williams ( born 1953 ) is an American writer , primarily of science fiction .
Tenshin Zenki Reb Anderson ( born 1943 ) is a Zen teacher and lineage holder in the Sōtō Zen tradition of Shunryu Suzuki .
Neil Abel ( born 22 December 1960 in Kirkcaldy , Fife , Scotland , United Kingdom ) is a British professional ice hockey player who has played in the United Kingdom since 1980 .
Brian McConaghy ( born 1963 ) is the founder of Ratanak International and a former Canadian forensic scientist who left the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) in order to dedicate all his energies to ending child abuse and human trafficking in Cambodia .
Stanley Glasser ( born 28 February 1926 ) , is a South African - born composer and academic who studied with Matyas Seiber at Cambridge .
Mike Süsser ( born 8 January 1971 in Itzehoe ) is a German chef and author .
Asoke Kumar Mukerji ( born December 1955 ) is an Indian diplomat and writer .
Richard Foulkes ( born 1902 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a right half .
Tom Gleisner ( born 1962 ) is an Australian director , producer , writer , comedian , occasional actor and author .
Annabel Chong ( born 22 May 1972 ) is the stage name of a Singaporean - born American former pornographic film actress who became famous after starring in an adult film that was promoted as The World 's Biggest Gang Bang .
Agni Sapkota ( born 7 March 1960 , Sindhupalchok , Kubinde ) is a Nepalese politician .
Edmund , 2nd Earl of Kent ( 1326 -- before 5 October 1331 ) was a member of the English royal family .
Michael F Smith ( born 1948 ) is an Anglo - American computer scientist , medical informatician and businessman .
Desmond Rex Williams ( born 20 July 1933 ) , son of Minnie Roberts and William Williams , is a retired English professional snooker and billiards player .
Theodor Bull ( 1870 -- 1958 ) was a Norwegian businessperson and genealogist .
John Leeson ( born 16 March 1943 ) is a British actor who is best known for voicing K-9 on the television series Doctor Who from 1977 to 1979 , then from 1980 to 1981 , and has returned for two single episode in the revived series .
Jeffrey Paul Smith ( born 1956 ) is an attorney , community organizer , and political activist from Illinois who is known for advocacy of progressive , reform , and independent causes .
Srđan Radovanović ( born 1959 ) is a Serbian lawyer and business executive .
Antoine Aureche ( born 4 December 1981 ) is a French musician : guitarist , singer , electro producer and composer .
Haim Steinbach ( born Rehovot , Israel , 1944 ) is an American artist , who lives in New York City .
Mohammad Akefian ( born 31 May 1984 ) is an Iranian sprinter specializing in the 400 metres .
Herbert Kisza ( born 16 June 1943 in Podobora , near Český Těšín ) is a Czech painter and sculptor .
Ivan Morley ( born 1966 , Burbank , California , United States ) is an artist based in Los Angeles .
Tamás Benkócs ( born 1972 ) is a Hungarian classical basoonist .
Sumalagu ( Chinese : 苏麻喇姑 ; pinyin : Sūmálàgū ; 1615 - -1705 ) was a palace attendant of the Qing Dynasty .
Patsy Chapman ( born 3 May 1948 ) is a former British newspaper editor .
Sarah Bowen , OAM(born 15 April 1984 ) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer .
Ivar Sisniega Campbell ( born 29 May 1958 ) is a Mexican modern pentathlete , politician , and businessman .
Professor Matthew Weait ( born 24 August 1963 ) BA ( Hons ) , MA , MPhil , DPhil is Dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at the University of Portsmouth .
Barbara Sukowa ( born 2 February 1950 ) is a German theatre and film actress .
Henk Savelberg ( Mechelen , 11 July 1953 ) is a Dutch head chef .
Camille Zaidan ( born on 9 March 1944 in Kassaibé , Matn District , Lebanon ) is the current Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Antelias in Lebanon .
John Ker , 1st Duke of Roxburghe , PC , FRS ( 30 April 1680 - -27 February 1741 ) was the second son of Robert Ker , 3rd Earl of Roxburghe , and Margaret Hay , daughter of John Hay , 1st Marquess of Tweeddale .
Trygve Kaldahl ( 1922 -- 9 January 2015 ) was a Norwegian agrarian leader .
Pafsanias Katsotas ( Greek : Παυσανίας Κατσώτας , 1896 - -1991 ) was a Greek Army officer and politician .
Kate Raison ( born 2 February 1962 ) is an Australian actress , best known for her roles on television , predominately in soap operas , including Cathy Hayden in A Country Practice , Sheridan Sturgess in E Street and Georgina Ellis in Pacific Drive Raison has also appeared in Home and Away , Farscape and All Saints .
Luce Caponegro ( born 12 December 1966 ) , is an Italian actress and TV presenter and a renowned former pornographic actress who also goes by her stage name of Selen , by which she is still better known today .
Nicholas Alwyn ( born 13 June 1938 ) is an English first class cricketer who played for Cambridge University Cricket Club .
Dr . José Luis Gilarranz ( 1954 , Madrid - Feb. 20 , 2009 ) was a key figure in the development of rapid deployment systems for use in medical emergencies .
John Holmes McDowell ( born 25 September 1946 ) is a Professor in the Department of Folklore and Ethnomusicology at Indiana University Bloomington .
Ebs Akintade ( born 5 December 1981 ) is British TV Presenter and Radio DJ .
James Ingleby DL , born 1945 , was appointed Lord - Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire by Her Majesty The Queen on 13 July 2010 having been made a Deputy Lieutenant in July 1992 .
Ambrosius Bosschaert the Elder ( 18 January 1573 -- 1621 ) was a still life painter of the Dutch Golden Age .
Michael Denner ( born 5 November 1958 ) is a Danish heavy - metal guitarist .
Pedro Cuatrecasas ( born 27 September 1936 ) is an American biochemist and an Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology & Medicine at the University of California , San Diego .
Giuseppe Marsigli ( Naples , 1795 - circa 1835 ) was an Italian painter and engraver .
Amish Tripathi ( born 18 October 1974 ) , is an Indian author , known for his novels The Immortals of Meluha , The Secret of the Nagas and The Oath of the Vayuputras .
Elias Sunny ( Bengali : ইলিয়াস সানি , born 2 August 1986 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer .
Friedrich - Karl Burckhardt was born on 24 December 1889 in Koslin , Prussia , which is now located in Poland .
Nevenka Petrić was born on 11 March 1927 at Maslovare ( then Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , now Republika Srpska , Bosnia ) .
Roman Madrolle ( born 16 April 1980 , in France ) is a French singer - songwriter who released his debut album in 2009 .
Madis Kallas ( born 22 April 1981 ) is an Estonian decathlete .
Ty Eriksen ( born 1984 ) is an American professional baseball player who plays in the German Bundesliga for the Haar Disciples and also played in the inaugural year of the Israel Baseball League in 2007 .
Robert Priest ( born July 10 , 1951 , in Walton - on - Thames , England ) is a Canadian poet , children 's author and singer / songwriter .
Muhammed Akbar Khan , Crown Prince of Afghanistan ( 4 August 1933 in Arg - i - Shahi , Kabul - 26 november 1942 in Kabul ) was the first son of Mohammed Zahir Shah , the former King of Afghanistan , and the heir apparent to the throne of Afghanistan during his lifetime .
Ion Caras ( born 11 September 1950 ) is a Moldovan former footballer and formermanager of the Moldova national team .
William Blum ( /blʌm/ ; born 6 March 1933 ) is an American author , historian , and critic of United States foreign policy .
Tom Boxer ( born Cosmin Simionică , 6 January 1977 ) is a Romanian DJ and producer .
Eva Justin ( 23 August 1909 -- 11 September 1966 ) was a German racial anthropologist and psychologist , and a prominent Nazi anthropologist .
Louis E. Schwend ( 1875 - 1900 ) was an architect in North Carolina at the firm of Hayden , Wheeler , and Schwend .
Thomas Garoghan ( 1845- ? ) was an Irish uilleann piper .
Chellamalla Suguna Kumari , M.D. ( born 25 July 1955 ) is an Indian parliamentarian from Hyderabad , Telangana .
Rohan Blizard ( born 20 May 1984 ) is an Australian professional golfer , who currently plays on the Asian Tour .
Ludwig Späth ( 1793 - -1883 ) was a German botanist and nurseryman .
Robin Lovejoy ( 1923 - -85 ) was an Australian director , actor and designer best known for his work on television and in theatre .
Stefan Jackiw ( /stɛˈfɑːn dʒæˈkiːv/ ; born 1985 ) is an American classical violinist .
Ting Man ( born 20 June 1983 ) , better known by her stage names Cherrie Ying or Ying Choi - yi , is a Taiwan - born Hong Kong actress .
Joseph Thomas Sheridan Le Fanu ( /ˈlɛfənjuː/ ; 28 August 1814 -- 7 February 1873 ) was an Irish writer of Gothic tales and mystery novels .
Claudia Karvan ( born 19 May 1972 ) is an Australian actress known for her roles in the television series The Secret Life of Us and Love My Way .
Luís André da Silva or simply Da Silva ( born 3 March 1972 ) is a former Brazilian football player .
Colin Frederick Jacobsen AM ( born 13 April 1936 in Sydney ) , better known by his stage name Col Joye , is an Australian pioneer rock musician , popular entertainer and entrepreneur , ( he has also recorded various other cross - over styles such as country music ) .
Toranosuke Takagi , known simply as Tora Takagi ( 高木 虎之介 ; born 12 February 1974 ) is a Japanese former race car driver .
Aymen Abdennour ( Arabic : أيمن عبد النور‎ ; born 6 August 1989 ) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF as a central defender .
Daniel Nghipandulwa ( born 8 June 1985 ) is a Namibian middle distance athlete .
General Necdet Özel ( born 1950 ) was a Turkish Army general , who served as the 28th Chief of the General Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces .
Marian Price ( born 1954 ) , also known by her married name as Marian McGlinchey , is a prominent Irish republican .
Hugh Llewellyn Keenleyside , CC ( 7 July 1898 -- September 27 , 1992 ) was a Canadian university professor , diplomat , and civil servant .
Saneita Been ( born 1986 ) represented the island nation of Turks and Caicos in the beauty pageant Miss Universe 2007 in Mexico City , Mexico on 28 May 2007 .
Daley Williams ( born 15 May 1986 in Halifax , West Yorkshire ) is a rugby league footballer for Keighley .
Martina Školková ( born 21 December 1984 ) is a Slovak handballer who plays for French club Cercle Dijon Bourgogne and the Slovak national team .
Baothghalach Mór Mac Aodhagáin ( 1550 - -1600 ) was an Irish poet .
Nobutoshi Kihara ( 木原 信敏 Kihara Nobutoshi , 14 October 1926 -- 13 February 2011 ) was an engineer at Sony , best known for his work on the original Walkman cassette - tape player in the 1970s and was commonly called Mr. Walkman in the press .
Mehmet Kurt ( born 1 January 1947 , in Ceyhan , Turkey ) is the son of Mehmet Kurt , who was Ceyhan 's most significant and well known community leader and landowner .
Saint Barbatus of Benevento ( Italian : San Barbato ) ( c. 610 -- February 29 , 682 ) , also known as Barbas , was a bishop of Benevento from 663 to 682 .
Martin Alfsen ( born 4 January 1959 ) is a musician , producer , songwriter and choir director .
Rok Golčar ( born 23 December 1985 in Slovenj Gradec , Slovenia ) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Gorenje Velenje .
Dean Capobianco ( born 11 May 1970 ) is an Australian businessman and former athlete .
George Ryley Scott ( 1886 -- c. 1980 ) was a prolific British author of books about sexual intercourse , active from the late 1920s to the 1970s .
Fabijan Knežević ( born 27 April 1987 ) is a Canadian - Croatian football ( soccer ) player .
Vera Filatova ( born 6 November 1982 ) , also known as Vera Graziadei is a Ukrainian - British actress .
Vasundhara Raje Scindia ( born 8 March 1953 ) , commonly referred to as Vasundhara Raje , is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Rajasthan since 2013 ; previously she served in the same post from 2003 to 2008 .
Walter Hunziker ( 1899 - -1974 ) was a Swiss professor who founded the Tourism Research Institute at the University of St. Gallen , co - developed the scientific study of tourism , developed the travel savings fund concept , co - founded the Association Internationale d'Experts Scientifiques du Tourisme ( AIEST ) and the Institut International de Glion .
Norm Brown ( born 6 August 1943 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL .
Simon Wing ( 1827 --1911 ) was a daguerreotypist and camera inventor and socialist politician .
Oliver Beeck ( born 1988 ) is an American football Offensive Lineman , Center for the Kiel Baltic Hurricanes of the German Football League .
Andrey Ashyhmin ( Belarusian : Андрэй Ашыхмін ; Russian : Андрей Ашихмин ; born 2 December 1974 ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and currently a coach .
Dr Philip R. Lane ( born 27 August 1969 ) is an economist and was appointed Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland in November 2015 .
Jae Lee ( born 1972 ) is a Korean American comic book artist known for his work for various publishers , including Marvel and DC Comics .
Sue Belinda Giblin ( born 2 March 1950 ) is an Australian actress , prominent in soap operas .
Andrew Keary ( born 1987 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - forward for the Galway senior hurling team .
Myloh Jaqory Mason ( born 28 June 1990 ) is an American man who is listed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) of the United States within the FBI list of the ten most wanted persons for crimes alleged committed .
Claude Ake ( 18 February 1939 in Omoku -- 7 November 1996 ) was a Nigerian political scientist .
Kym Wilson ( born 1 April 1973 ) is an Australian actress and former television host .
Ayọ ( born as Joy Olasunmibo Ogunmakin , 14 September 1980 ) is a Nigerian - German singer - songwriter and actress .
Alix Pearlstein ( born 1962 ) is an American visual artist , who is particularly well known for her work in video art and performance art . Pearlstein is currently on the faculty of the School of Visual Arts in New York City , New York .
Dominicus Custos ( 1560 - -1612 ) was a Flemish artist , printer and copperplate engraver , who worked in the service of Emperor Rudolph II in Prague .
Dr. Ong Kian Ming ( Chinese : 王建民 ; pinyin : Wáng Jiàn Mín ; born 12 September 1975 ) , is a Malaysian Chinese politician from the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) .
Konrad Raiser ( born 25 January 1938 ) is a former General Secretary of the World Council of Churches ( WCC ) .
David Sigachev ( Russian : Дави́д Сигачёв ; IPA : ( dɐˈvʲɪt sʲɪgəˈtɕɵf ) , born 6 January 1989 in Moscow ) is a Russian race car driver .
Antonio Beduschi ( born 1576- alive 1607 ) was an Italian painter active in the early - Baroque period , mainly in his hometown of Cremona .
Wade Fenton ( born 31 July 1971 ) , was a rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Vladimir Boyarsky ( Russian : Влади́мир Ильи́ч Боя́рский , 10 December 1901 , Berdetskoye , Kiev Governorate , Russian Empire -- 7 May 1945 , Příbram , Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia ) was a Soviet Red Army officer who became a collaborator with Nazi Germany during World War II , serving in Andrey Vlasov 's Russian Liberation Army .
Janice Hart ( born 1955 ) was an unsuccessful candidate for the office of Illinois Secretary of State in 1986 .
Lierre Keith ( /liˈɛər/ ; born 1964 ) is an American writer , radical feminist , food activist , and radical environmentalist .
Hamza Chatholi ( born 1 November 1981 ) is an Indian athlete who competes in the 1500 metres event .
Tommy Godfrey ( 20 June 1916 -- 24 June 1984 ) was an English film and television actor , mostly playing working class Cockney characters .
Jan Karol Opaliński ( 1642 -- 26 March 1695 ) was a Polish starost and kasztelan of Poznań .
Sir John Norwich , 1st Baronet ( 19 September 1613 -- 9 October 1661 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at times between 1654 and 1660 .
Suneeta Peres Da Costa ( born 1976 ) is an award - winning Australian author and playwright .
Dioh Williams ( born 8 October 1984 ) is a Liberian football striker , who is currently playing in the Swedish premier division Allsvenskan for Gefle IF .
Anna Klemens ( 1718 - -1800 ) was a Danish murder victim and an alleged witch .
Max Bedacht Sr . ( 1883 - -1972 ) was a German - born American revolutionary socialist political activist , journalist , and functionary who helped establish the Communist Party of America .
Qian Nengxun ( 1869 -- June 5 , 1924 ) was a Chinese politician from 1918 until his death in 1929 .
Francisco Nocete ( born in 1961 ) is a Neo - Marxist Spanish archaeologist , chair of prehistory at the University of Huelva .
Alabi ( 1783 - -1820 ) was a leader of the Saramaccans , a Maroon people in Suriname .
Zhang Fengyi ( born 1 September 1956 ) is a Chinese actor best known for his role as `` Duan Xiaolou '' in Farewell My Concubine ( 1993 ) , Jing Ke in The Emperor and the Assassin ( 1998 ) , and Cao Cao in Red Cliff ( 2008 - 2009 ) .
Li Chengyu ( Chinese : 李成玉 ; pinyin : Lǐ Chéngyù ) ( born August 1946 ) is a Chinese politician .
Paulien van Deutekom ( born 4 February 1981 ) is a Dutch former speed skater who specialised in the middle long distances , over 1000 and 1500 metres .
Billy C. Sanders ( born 21 July 1936 ) was the fifth Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy .
Henk Groot ( born 22 April 1938 ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a striker and attacking midifielder .
David Lee Freedman ( born 12 August 1956 ) is an Australian racehorse trainer .
Mary Fairchild MacMonnies Low ( 1858 - -1946 ) was an American painter who specialized in landscapes , genre paintings , and portraits .
Nello Carrara ( 19 February 1900 -- 5 June 1993 ) was an Italian physicist and founder of the Electromagnetic Wave Research Institute .
Ljubiša Samardžić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубиша Самарџић , born 19 November 1936 ) is a Serbian actor and director , who is best known as Šurda in the Vruć vetar TV series .
Georg Wilhelm Schöning ( 8 June 1908 -- 2 November 1987 ) served as commander of the 66th Panzergrenadier Regiment of the 13th Panzer Division during the Siege of Budapest .
Jacques - André Istel ( born 1929 in Paris , France ) is a French - American recreational parachutist and investment banker and later in life , historian , widely responsible for popularizing parachuting in the United States .
Hope Black ( née MacPherson , born 1919 ) is an Australian scientist , a marine biologist and malacologist .
Prakash Narain Tandon ( born 13 August 1928 ) is a distinguished Indian neuroscientist and neurosurgeon .
Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato ( 1425 - -1484 ) ( called the Cardinal of Montferrato ) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop .
Sir Robert Dalrymple Ross ( 1827 - -1887 ) was an army officer , politician and businessman .
George Lyttelton , 1st Baron Lyttelton PC ( 17 January 1709 -- 22 August 1773 ) , known as Sir George Lyttelton , Bt between 1751 and 1756 , was a British statesman and patron of the arts from the Lyttelton family .
Eugene Izotov ( born 1973 ) is a Russian - born oboist and recording artist .
Ciarán McMenamin ( born 1 October 1975 ) is a Northern Irish actor , resident in London .
Jan Valckenburgh ( 1623 -- 8 July 1667 ) was a civil servant of the Dutch West India Company .
Matt Haley ( born 10 June 1970 in Houston , Texas ) is an American film director , art director and book illustrator artist .
Alfred Byrd Graf ( December 1901 -- December 14 , 2001 ) was a German - American botanist who traveled the world in search of obscure plant species , discovering more than 100 previously undocumented varieties .
Shen Rong ( Chinese : 谌容 ; pinyin : Chén Róng ) ( born 1936 ) is a Chinese writer .
Ralph Heller Beittel , the eldest of ten children of Benjamin David Beittel and Lavina Heller Ebersole , was born in Columbia , Pennsylvania on November 5 , 1884 .
Theodore Rothstein ( Russian : Фёдор Аронович Ротштейн , Fyodor Aronovich Rotshteyn ; 14 February 1871 -- 30 August 1953 ) was a journalist , writer and communist .
Jeff McDonald ( born 1963 , in Hawthorne , California ) is a rock and roll singer and guitarist who co - founded the alternative rock , power pop band Redd Kross with his younger brother Steven Shane McDonald and remains in the band .
Sandro Miller ( 1958 ) is an American photographer ( working professionally as `` Sandro '' ) known for his expressive images , and his close work with John Malkovich and the other ensemble members of Chicago 's Steppenwolf Theatre Company .
Walter Hilton ( b. 1340 - -45 , d. 24 March 1396 ) was an English Augustinian mystic .
Fabrizio Donato ( born 14 August 1976 ) is an Italian athlete competing in the triple jump and occasionally in the long jump .
Vinny Whelan ( born 22 June 1989 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Dublin .
David Hoflin ( /ˈdɑːvᵻd/ ; born 25 February 1979 ) is a Swedish - born Australian actor .
Wu Zhenglong ( Chinese : 吴政隆 ; born November 1964 ) is a Chinese politician who has served since 2014 as the Communist Party Secretary of Taiyuan , the capital of Shanxi province .
Rohinton Fali Nariman ( Hindi : रोहिंटन नरीमन ) ( born 13 August 1956 ) is a judge of the Supreme Court of India .
Valentin J. Peter ( 1875 - -1960 ) was a Bavarian - born publisher of a German language newspaper called the Omaha Tribüne and the president of the Nebraska chapter of the National German - American Alliance .
Dr. Jozef Vengloš ( born 18 February 1936 ) is a former Slovak football player and coach .
Pavlo Khrystiuk ( Ukrainian : Павло Оникійович Христюк Pavlo Onykiyovych Khrystiuk ) ( 1880 -- September 19 , 1941 ) was a Ukrainian cooperator , historian , journalist , political activist , and statesman .
Trần Quang Vinh ( Ho Chi Minh City , 18 May 1982 ) , also known by his stage name Quang Vinh , is a Vietnamese - American pop singer .
Cathy Lesurf , born 1953 , is a British folk music singer - songwriter who was brought up in Stevenage , Hertfordshire .
Ian Inaba ( b. 1971 ) is an American film and music video director , producer , and journalist for the Guerrilla News Network .
Rita Pavone ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈriːta paˈvoːne ) ; born 23 August 1945 ) is an Italian ballad and rock singer who enjoyed success through the 1960s .
Tamsin Hinchley ( née Barnett , born 10 March 1980 ) is an Australian volleyball player .
Billy G. Mills ( born 1929 ) is a retired Los Angeles Superior Court judge and a former Los Angeles City Council member , serving from 1963 to 1974 .
Luc Hoebeke ( born 27 December 1941 ) is a Belgian consultant , author and lecturer in the field of self - organization , innovation processes and human activity systems , known for his seminal book Making Work Systems Better :
Mihalj Mesaroš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михаљ Месарош , Hungarian : Mészáros Mihály ; born in 1935 ) is a Yugoslav / Serbian footballer .
John - Edward Kelly ( October 7 , 1958 -- February 12 , 2015 ) was an American conductor and saxophonist .
Zoubida Laayouni ( born 5 February 1956 ) is a retired Moroccan athlete who specialised in the discus throw .
Sheikha Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum ( Arabic منال بنت محمد بن راشد آل مكتوم ) ( born 12 November 1977 ) , is a United Arab Emirati politician and member of ruling family of Dubai .
N. Thiagarajan ( 1933 - -2008 ) was an Indian photojournalist and photographer who described himself as `` a pictorial photojournalist . ''
Stephen Rodefer ( November 20 , 1940 -- August 22 , 2015 ) was an American poet and painter who lived in Paris and London .
Sonia Vinci ( born 1971 ) is a former journalist and co - anchor of Nine News in Perth .
Anna Maria Walker ( née Patton ) ( c. 1778 - -1852 ) and her husband Colonel George Warren Walker ( 1778 - -1843 ) were Scottish botanists in Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) who made extensive collections of plants between 1830 and 1838 .
John Filby Childs ( 1783 - -1853 ) was an English printer , known as a political radical , a successful lobbyist against the monopoly on printing the Bible , and a congregationalist active against church rates .
Branko Pauljević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранко Пауљевић ; born 12 June 1989 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a right - back for Puskás .
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare FRS FREng ( born 11 January 1934 ) , commonly known as Tony Hoare or C. A. R. Hoare , is a British computer scientist .
Major Henry Somerset , 7th Duke of Beaufort KG ( 5 February 1792 -- 17 November 1853 ) , styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1803 and Marquess of Worcester between 1803 and 1835 , was a British peer , soldier and politician .
Svend - Allan Sørensen ( born 1975 ) is a conceptual artist from Kjellerup , Denmark .
William Haydn Flood ( 1830 -- 17 July 1908 ) was an English organist and composer , who moved to New Zealand .
Win Labuda ( born Winfried Gerhard Labudda , 26 June 1938 , Danzig ) is a German researcher , photographer and entrepreneur .
Stuart McLaren ( born 28 August 1975 ) is a Scottish / Australian football player and coach .
Alberto Aquilani ( Italian pronunciation : ( alˈbɛrto akwiˈlaːni ) ; born 7 July 1984 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Sporting CP and the Italian national team .
Zhou Laiqiang ( Chinese : 周来强 ; born 1949 ) is a retired lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Colonel Edward James Saunderson PC , JP , DL ( 1 October 1837 -- 21 October 1906 ) was an Anglo - Irish landowner and prominent Irish unionist politician .
Salvator Fabris ( 1544 - 1618 ) was an Italian fencing master from Padua .
Lee Cartwright ( b. 19 September 1972 ) is a retired footballer who made over 400 league appearances for Preston North End .
Benno Schmitz ( born 17 November 1994 ) is a German professional footballer who currently plays as a right full - back for Austrian side Red Bull Salzburg .
Matthew Shlomowitz ( born 7 February 1975 ) is a composer of contemporary classical music and Associate Professor in Composition at the University of Southampton .
Aurembiaix ( or Aurembiax ) ( 1196 - -1231 ) was the Countess of Urgell from 1208 , the last of her dynasty .
Phillip Bradley ( born 18 May 1955 ) is an Australian military historian who has written five books as well as numerous articles for Wartime and After the Battle magazine .
Louis - Casimir Escoffier , known primarily by the pseudonym Casimir Ney or L. Casimir - Ney , ( 1801 -- 3 February 1877 in Arras ) was a French composer and one of the foremost violists of the 19th century .
Jay Rubenstein ( born 1967 ) is an American historian of the Middle Ages .
Sharanya Haridas ( Born 2 November 1990 ) is an Indian poet and entrepreneur , best known as the Founder , C.E.O. and Editor - in - Chief of That 's So Gloss , India 's first web magazine and online community exclusively for teenage girls and young women .
George Hucks ( born 18 January 1968 ) is an Australian wheelchair rugby player .
Jocelyn Jee Esien ( born 2 March 1979 in Hackney , London ) is an English comedian , actress and writer of Nigerian origin , perhaps best known for her part in the hidden - camera show 3 Non - Blondes , and her own comedy sketch show , Little Miss Jocelyn .
Hasan Kleib , ( born 1 October 1960 in Cirebon , West Java ) is an Indonesian diplomat and the current Director General of Multilateral Affairs of Indonesia .
Dr. Lawrence A. May ( born 1948 ) is an American physician , author and public speaker .
George Avery Young ( June , 1866 - 21 January 1900 ) was an English - born sportsman who played international rugby union for Wales and cricket for Glamorgan .
Sarah Emily Miano , b. 1974 , is an American author .
Marco Martino ( born 21 February 1960 ) is an Italian former discus thrower .
Suzanna von Nathusius ( born 12 April 2000 ) is a Polish child television actor .
Chris Pozniak ( born 10 January 1981 ) is a retired Canadian soccer player .
Mark McLennan ( born 28 April 1991 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Pollok in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Murray Fishlock ( born 23 September 1973 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a left back for Hereford United .
William Darton , Sr . ( 1755 - -1819 ) was a children 's book publisher at Gracechurch Street .
Andrew Fung Wai - kwong ( Chinese : 馮煒光 , born 27 June 1961 ) is the current Information Coordinator for the Office of the Chief Executive of Hong Kong .
Shira Geffen ( Hebrew : שירה גפן‎ ; born April 23 , 1971 ) is an Israeli actress , screenwriter and film director .
Stanley Allen Bastian ( born 1958 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington .
Thomas Bellerby Wilson ( 1807 , Philadelphia -1865 ) was an American naturalist .
Prince Arron ( born 27 December 1987 ) is an English professional boxer fighting in the light middleweight division .
Gregor von Feinaigle ( 1760 - -1819 ) , was a German mnemonist and Roman Catholic monk .
Ricardo Castro ( 1935 - November 14 , 2003 ) , better known as Carding Castro , was a Filipino actor , comedian and entertainer .
Lucky Vatnani ( 23 December 1985 ) is an Indian former professional snooker player .
Samson Morpurgo ben Joshua Moses ( 1681 -- April 12 , 1740 ) was a Bosnian - Italian rabbi , physician , and liturgist .
Hilary Tann ( born 1947 ) is a Welsh composer now based in the United States .
Ove Røsbak ( born 5 August 1959 ) is a Norwegian poet , novelist , children 's writer and biographer .
Mark Peter Wright ( born 1979 ) is a British sound artist who works with field recording and phonography .
Glen Orbik ( 1963 -- May 11 , 2015 ) was an American illustrator known for his fully painted paperback and comic covers , often executed in a noir style .
Mélodie Chataigner ( born 28 March 1988 ) is a French former pair skater .
Nhlanhla Vilakazi ( born 25 February 1987 ) is a South African professional footballer , who currently plays as either a left midfielder or left back for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town .
Sonia Bompastor ( born 8 June 1980 ) is a retired French football player who played for French club Lyon of the Division 1 Féminine .
Rakep Patel ( Gujarati : રાકેપ પટેલ ) ( born 12 July 1989 ) is a Kenyan international cricketer .
Joseph - Alphonse Teste , J .- Alphonse Teste or Alphonse Teste ( France , 1814 - 1888 ) was a homeopath , mesmerizer and doctor in France .
Per Gade ( born 24 August 1977 ) is a former Danish football player , who played as a defender .
Rob Vickerman ( born 25 September 1985 ) is a rugby union player who currently plays for the England Sevens team .
Eleanor de Braose ( c. 1228 - -1251 ) was a Cambro - Norman noblewoman and a wealthy co - heiress of her father , who was the powerful Marcher lord William de Braose , and of her mother , Eva Marshal , a co - heiress of the Earls of Pembroke .
Ola Abidogun ( born 3 August 1993 ) is a British athlete who competes in T46 sprinting events .
Andrew Grainger ( born 1965 ) , is a 6'2 `` ( 188 cm ) tall English theatre and film actor , particularly noted for playing stage and screen characters of large physicality .
Sir Herbert Atkinson Barker ( 21 April 1869 -- 21 July 1950 ) was an English manipulative surgeon .
Roberto Pruzzo ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto ˈpruttso ) ; born 1 April 1955 ) is an Italian former football striker , now a coach .
Anne Meson ( born 12 May 1975 ) is a French show host and singer .
Eliyahu Ben Haim ( born August 4 , 1940 ) is a Sephardi rabbi , Talmudic scholar , and Orthodox halachist .
Axel Brusewitz ( 9 June 1881 -- 27 September 1950 ) was a Swedish professor in political science , well known for his belief in democracy and his opposition towards the traditional anti - democratic conservatism of Swedish royal court and bureaucracy .
John Pendarves ( 1622 - -1656 ) was an English Puritan controversialist .
Sanigaram Santosh Reddy ( born 12 November 1942 ) , more commonly known as Santanna , Santosh Reddy , Mrudhu Swabhavi , Pedala Pennidhi by his followers , is an Indian politician , statesman and former minister of Telangana state .
Jean Aubert the Elder ( ca . 1680 -- 13 October 1741 ) was a French architect , `` responsible for many fine interiors but not a leader of the first rank . ''
Szabó Gábor István ( 8 March 1936 -- 26 February 1982 ) , better known as Gábor Szabó , was an influential jazz guitarist , famous for mixing jazz , pop - rock and his native Hungarian music .
Giuliano Crognale ( Castel Frentano , province of Chieti , Abruzzo , 10 July 1770 - 20 July 1862 ) was an Italian poet and painter , active in illuminated manuscripts and oil painting of sacred and historical subjects .
Kalle Palling ( born 27 February 1985 in Käru ) is an Estonian politician , representing the Reform Party .
Udo Poser ( born 21 August 1947 ) is a German former swimmer .
Charles Fitzgeoffrey ( 1576 - -1638 ) was an Elizabethan poet and clergyman .
Cristian Del Real is a professional musician , born in 1989 in Cartagena , Colombia .
Gustavo Adrián Ramos Vásquez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈðɾjan ˈramos ) ; born 22 January 1986 ) , commonly known as Adrián Ramos , is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund .
Motiur Rahman Mollik ( Bengali : মতিউর রহমান মল্লিক ; 1 March 1950 -- 2010 ) was a poet lyricist , compositor , writer , organizer , researcher , editor , singer and a cultural leader .
Bernard Julia ( born 1952 in Paris ) is a French theoretical physicist who has made contributions to the theory of supergravity .
Liang Yimin ( Chinese : 梁毅民 ; pinyin : Liáng Yìmín ; born August 1964 ) is a Chinese politician from Guangdong province .
Joseph Rykwert CBE ( born 1926 ) is Paul Philippe Cret Professor Emeritus of Architecture at the University of Pennsylvania , and one of the foremost architectural historians and critics of his generation .
Espen Stueland ( born 30 May 1970 ) is a Norwegian poet , novelist , literary critic and essayist .
Peter Kovačič Peršin ( born 1945 ) is a Slovene writer and theologian .
Tim Darcy ( born 15 January 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL / AFL .
Jorge Pereira da Silva ( born 4 December 1985 ) or better known as Jorginho is a Brazilian football player who currently plays as a striker for Hibernians F.C. of the Maltese Premier League .
Thomas Anders ( born Bernd Weidung , 1 March 1963 ) is a German singer , composer , and record producer .
Ola Balogun ( born 1 August 1945 ) is a Nigerian filmmaker and scriptwriter .
Mette Ove - Petersen ( born 15 January 1934 ) is a retired Danish swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay .
Dorcas Denhartog ( born 1965 ) is a retired American cross country skier who competed in the late 1980s .
Rikesh Chauhan ( born 5 June 1990 ) , better known by his stage name RKZ , is a British recording artist , writer , photographer , creative and ambassador for Campaign Against Living Miserably .
William Alvin Howard ( born 1926 ) is a proof theorist best known for his work demonstrating formal similarity between intuitionistic logic and the simply typed lambda calculus that has come to be known as the Curry--
Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai ( simplified Chinese : 杨康海 ; traditional Chinese : 楊康海 ; pinyin : Yáng Kānghǎi ; born 28 March 1962 ) , is a lawyer and former Singaporean politician .
Ryan Casey ( born 3 January 1979 ) is a retired Irish footballer and he played as left back .
Mustafa Bello ( born 31 January 1954 ) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Commerce in the first cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo , holding office between June 1999 and 2002 .
Cornelis Niels van den Berge ( born 28 December 1984 in Bad Honnef ) is a Dutch former politician .
Marcis Dzelzainis , born in 1982 , is a bartender who works at the Quo Vadis , a restaurant in London , England .
Roei Shukrani ( Hebrew : רועי שוקרני born 26 June 1990 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona .
Paul Lewis Anderson ( 1880 - -1956 ) was an American photographer and author who wrote young adult historical fiction focussing on ancient Rome .
Jeff Dayton ( 1953 ) is an American musician , singer , producer and songwriter most known as being the bandleader of the Jeff Dayton Band from 1984 - 2000 .
Michael Feast ( born 25 November 1946 ) is an English actor of stage and screen .
Anja Konstantinova ( Russian : Аня Kонстантинова ; born 24 July 1990 ) is a Russian - Australian model who has broken the mold of model stereotypes due to her short height .
Bernard of Trilia ( Bernard de la Treille , Bernardus de Trilia ) ( Nîmes , c. 1240 -- 1292 ) was a French Dominican theologian and scholastic philosopher .
Thomas Begley ( 10 November 1970 -- 23 October 1993 ) , was a volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
Ilan Shalgi ( Hebrew : אילן שלגי‎ , born 13 July 1945 ) is an Israeli lawyer , politician and a former member of the Knesset .
Don Anthony MBE ( 6 November 1928 -- 28 May 2012 ) was a British hammer thrower .
Lee Weiss ( born 1928 in Inglewood , California ) , is an American painter .
Michael Hardt ( born 1960 ) is an American literary theorist and political philosopher .
Rev. Martin Coen , Irish priest and historian ( 6 October 1933 -- 2 December 1997 ) .
Norbert Nachtweih ( born 4 June 1957 ) is a retired German professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Declan Browne ( born 16 June 1978 ) is an Irish Gaelic football player who played at inter - county level for Tipperary for 11 years .
Richard Risby , O.F.M. , ( 1489 - 20 April 1534 ) was an English Catholic Franciscan friar who was executed for treason during the reign of King Henry VIII .
Marian Kozicki ( born 5 April 1941 , in Brody near Poznań ) is a Polish show jumping champion , who won an Olympic silver medal in 1980 .
Maude Meagher ( 8 April 1895 -- 1977 ) was a novelist , author of Fantastic Traveller , the tale of a young man living in a world of his dreams .
Stuart Parnaby ( born 19 July 1982 ) is a retired English professional footballer who played as a right back .
Balaji Baji Rao ( 8 December 1720 -- 23 June 1761 ) , also known as Nana Saheb , was a Peshwa ( prime minister ) of the Maratha Empire in India .
Carole Caplin ( born 8 January 1962 ) was the style adviser to Cherie Blair and a fitness adviser to Tony Blair , when he was the British Prime Minister .
Gordon Henry(born 1955 ) is a poet and fiction writer .
Nicola Pecorini ( born 10 August 1957 ) is an Italian - born cinematographer .
Naomi K. Lewis ( born 1976 ) is a Canadian fiction and nonfiction writer who resides in Calgary .
Henry David Inglis , pseudonym Derwent Conway ( 1795 - -1835 ) was a Scottish travel writer and journalist .
Tore Olaf Rimmereid ( born 1962 ) is a Norwegian businessperson .
Tim Davidson ( born 3 November 1982 , in Young , Australia ) is a rugby union footballer .
Wanda Ventham ( born 5 August 1935 ) is an English actress , known primarily for her role as Colonel Virginia Lake in the 1970s science - fiction television series UFO , and for her recurring role as Cassandra Trotter 's mother Pamela Parry in the sitcom Only Fools and Horses from 1989 - -92 .
Danijel Pranjić ( pronounced ( dǎnijel prǎːɲit͡ɕ ) ; born 2 December 1981 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panathinaikos .
Raymond Corbett Shannon ( 4 October 1894 -- 7 March 1945 ) was an American entomologist who specialised in Diptera and medical entomology .
Elizabeth Cunningham ( born 1953 ) is a feminist visionary novelist and author of The Maeve Chronicles , which includes the books The Passion of Mary Magdalen , Magdalen Rising ( a prequel ) , Bright Dark Madonna , and Red - Robed Priestess .
Sir David Lyndsay of the Mount ( c. 1490 -- c. 1555 ) , ( alias Lindsay ) , was a Scottish herald who gained the highest heraldic office of Lyon King of Arms .
Daouda Bassock ( born 13 March 1995 ) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for French side Chamois Niortais .
Tobias Stranover or Toby Stranovius ( 1684 -- 1756 ) was a Romanian Transylvanian - born painter ( 1684 - after 1731 ) .
Ivan Fijolić ( born 1976 , in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a contemporary Croatian artist working primarily in the medium of sculpture .
Michalis Boukouvalas ( Greek : Μιχάλης Μπουκουβάλας ; born 14 January 1988 ) is a football player currently playing for Iraklis .
Mirco Baldacci ( born 19 September 1977 ) is a rally driver from San Marino , who scored two World Rally Championship points by finishing seventh on the 2006 Rally Australia .
Glen Alyn ( 1913 - -1984 ) was an Australian actress who appeared in a number of British films during the 1930s .
Tatapuram Sukumaran ( 22 October 1923 -- 26 October 1988 ) was a Malayalam writer , born in Kaloor , Kochi , Kerala , India .
Rogers Birnie ( 1851 - -1939 ) was an American army officer and explorer of Death Valley .
Ximena Cuevas ( born 1963 ) is a Mexican video performance artist .
Sonia King ( born 1953 ) is a mosaic artist , author and educator with studios in Dallas , Texas and San Francisco , California .
Manuel Gálvez ( 18 July 1882 -- 14 November 1962 ) was an Argentine novelist , poet , essayist , historian and biographer .
Guilherme Afonso ( born 15 November 1985 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Primeiro de Agosto .
Anna Galiena ( born 22 December 1954 ) is an Italian actress , best known to English - speaking audiences for her appearances in Le Mari de la coiffeuse , Jamón , jamón and Being Human .
Nehemia Gordon ( 1972 -- ) is a Karaite Jew .
Rosa Campbell Praed ( 27 March 1851 -- 10 April 1935 ) , often credited as Mrs. Campbell Praed ( and also known as Rosa Caroline Praed ) , was an Australian novelist in the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Jan Koller ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈkolɛr ) ; born 30 March 1973 ) is a former Czech footballer who played as a striker .
Barbara Milano Keenan ( born 1950 ) is a judge on United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and a former justice on the Supreme Court of Virginia .
Maryam Tousi ( Persian : مریم طوسی‎‎ , born 5 December 1988 in Tehran ) is an Iranian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres .
Wafae Charaf ( Arabic : وفاء شرف , born 1988 ) is a Moroccan human rights activist .
Geir Hansteen Jörgensen ( born 18 February 1968 ) is a Swedish television , film and commercials director .
Richard Bingham Sheridan ( 1 August 1822 -- 8 June 1897 ) , was a Queensland public servant , liberal - oriented Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and government minister ( minister without portfolio 1883 - 85 and later Post Master General in 1885 ) .
Liberty Bartlett ( born 1810 ) was a circuit judge in Arkansas .
Although his date of birth is unknown , it is known that Thomas Sheasby was christened on 28 October 1740 in Tamworth , Staffordshire .
Rolf Gehlhaar ( born 30 December 1943 ) in Breslau ( now Wrocław , Poland ) , is an American composer , Professor in Experimental Music at Coventry University and researcher in assistive technology for music .
Friedrich Schedl ( born 1903 , date of death unknown ) was an Austrian sprinter .
Kim Sei - young ( born 21 January 1993 ) , also known as Sei Young Kim , is a South Korean professional golfer .
Habib Mazini ( born 1954 ) is a Moroccan academic and writer .
Zehava Gal - On ( Hebrew : זֶהָבָה גַּלְאוֹן ; born 4 January 1956 ) is an Israeli politician .
Samuel Sindamuka ( Gitara , Province of Bururi , 1928 - December 18 , 2005 ) was the first Primate of the Anglican Church of Burundi , then called the Episcopal Church of Burundi , entitled in French Église Episcopale du Burundi .
Sarah Lihan ( born on 15 August 1988 ) is an American sports sailor .
Maurice Bunau - Varilla ( 1856 -- 1 August 1944 ) was a French press magnate , and proprietor of the newspaper Le Matin .
Jane Crafter ( born 14 December 1955 ) is an Australian - American professional golfer and golf broadcaster for ESPN who played on the LPGA Tour .
Patricio Ballagas Palacio ( Camagüey , 17 March 1879 -- Havana , 15 February 1920 ) was an important innovator in trova music .
Lotte Meldgaard Pedersen ( born 13 October 1972 ) is a Danish Olympic sailor competing in match racing .
Miles Tulett ( born 24 December 1987 ) is a former Australian television personality .
Moshe Arens ( Hebrew : משה ארנס‎ , born 27 December 1925 ) is an Israeli aeronautical engineer , researcher and former diplomat and politician .
Adel Yahya ( born 1982 ) is one of six men convicted in connection with alleged attempted bombings in London on 21 July 2005 .
Born in Harrow , North London on 12 August 1938 and brought up in Cleeve in Somerset , David Telling was educated at Cheltenham College .
Javed Burki ( Urdu : نذیر اللہ برکی , جاوید برکی ) ( born 8 May 1938 ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 25 Tests from 1960 to 1969 to eventually become an ICC match referee .
Gilles Tréhin ( born 1972 ) is a French artist , author , and creator of the imaginary city of `` Urville '' .
Mark Lovatt ( born 12 August 1971 ) is a British road racing cyclist who represented the United Kingdom at the 2001 UCI Road World Championships and England at the 2002 Commonwealth Games .
Mara Lane ( born Dorothy Bolton ; 1 August 1930 ) is a British - Austrian actress .
Clay Ketter ( born 1961 in Brunswick ) is an American painter and photographer .
Terence Ian Shuttleworth ( born 6 July 1963 in Belfast , UK ) is a British theatre critic and author .
Stuart Dickinson ( born 19 July 1968 ) is an Australian former Rugby union referee .
Jack Mockler ( born 1893 ) was an Irish hurler who played for the Tipperary senior team .
Nicolas Morês da Cruz ( born 2 February 1995 ) , best known as Nicolas Careca , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Grêmio .
Jan Tomáš Kuzník ( 1716 -- 13 April 1786 ) was a Czech teacher of music , musician , composer and poet , active in the in Hanakia in the heart of Moravia .
Julian Hirsch ( 1922 - November 24 , 2003 ) was an electrical engineer and audio critic .
William E. Doolittle ( Born 3 September 1947 in Texas , USA ) is an American geographer who is prominent among the fourth generation of the Berkeley School of Latin Americanist Geography .
María Belén Jerez Spuler ( born 1989 ) is a Argentine--
Yang Jia ( Chinese : 杨佳 ; pinyin : Yáng Jiā ; 27 August 1980 -- 26 November 2008 ) was a Chinese citizen executed for murdering six Shanghai police officers with a knife .
Keith William Morton ( born 28 May 1930 in Ipswich ) is a British mathematician working on partial differential equations , and their numerical analysis .
Pinki Virani ( born 30 January 1959 ) is an Indian writer , journalist , human - rights activist and author who has won critical acclaim for her four best - selling books Once was Bombay ( frequently referred to as a `` cult book '' ) ;
Pandit Sahadeo Tiwari was born in the village of Sarwan in Bihar , India on 25 February 1892 .
Nesria Al - Jelassi ( also Nesria Jelassi , Arabic : نسرية الجلاصي‎ ; born 19 August 1989 ) is a Tunisian judoka , who played for the lightweight category .
Justice Arturo Zaldívar Lelo de Larrea ( born August 9 , 1959 ) is a Mexican lawyer who has been a member of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation ( SCJN ) since December 2009 .
Julines Herring ( 1582 - -1644/5 ) was a Puritan clergyman within the Church of England who served in Derbyshire and at Shrewsbury .
Rita Donagh ( born 1939 ) is a British artist known for her realistic paintings and painstaking draughtsmanship .
Stan Browne ( born 17 May 1962 ) is an Australian teacher , education administrator and former first grade rugby league player .
Bill Zacha ( born 1920 in Garland , Texas , died March 18 , 1998 at Fort Bragg , California ) was an artist and entrepreneur who founded the Mendocino Art Center in Mendocino , California and by doing so started the artistic revival of Mendocino .
Christian - Friedrich Vahl ( born 1955 in Zeven ) is a German cardiac surgeon .
Sir Thomas Hudson Beare MICE MIME FRSE RSSA LLD ( born 30 June 1859 , died 10 June 1940 ) was an eminent British engineer .
Amir Nosrat'ollah Balakhanlou ( Persian : اميرنصرت الله بالاخانلو‎‎ ) ( 1917 -- May 20 , 2007 ) was an Iranian ( Persian ) politician .
Jan de Bont ( born 22 October 1943 ) is a Dutch cinematographer , producer , and film director .
Ismaël Isaac ( born Kaba Diakité Issiaka in 1966 ) is a reggae singer from Côte d'Ivoire .
Oscar Mellor ( 7 June 1921 -- 2005 ) was an English surrealist artist and publisher of poetry .
Professor Joshua H. Ritchie ( born 1938 ) , MD is an American - Israeli haredi Rabbi , counselor and medical practitioner .
Domenico Panaroli ( 1587 - -1657 ) was a physician and herbalist of Rome .
Gart Westerhout ( 15 June 1927 -- 14 October 2012 ) was a Dutch - American astronomer .
Adolphe Blanc ( 24 June 1828 -- May 1885 ) was a French composer of chamber music .
Gal Nevo ( Hebrew : גל נבו‎ ; born 29 June 1987 ) is a record - holding Israeli swimmer .
Patrik Ingelsten ( born 25 January 1982 ) is a Swedish footballer , who plays as a winger and forward .
Safet Gjici ( born 30 April 1972 in Kukës ) is an Albanian businessperson who is the CEO of EuroGjici Security and Kevin Construction .
Frances Harriet Whipple Green McDougall ( 1805 - -1878 ) was an abolitionist , poet , novelist , editor , botanist , spiritualist medium , and advocate of women 's , voters ' , and workers ' rights .
Chris Parr ( born 1944 ) is a British theatre director and television executive .
Born in Portsmouth , Rhode Island on 22 August 1661 , Joseph Sheffield was the son of Ichabod Sheffield and Mary Parker .
Stephen Amoanor Kwao ( born 12 September 1951 ) is a Ghanaian educationist and politician .
Matthew Higgs ( born 1964 in West Yorkshire ) is an English artist , curator , writer and publisher .
Krasae Chanawongse ( Thai : กระแส ชนะวงศ์ , rtgs : Krasae Chanawong , born 1 March 1934 ) is a Thai physician , professor of medicine , and politician .
Charles Moore , 1st Earl of Charleville PC ( 24 January 1712 -- 17 February 1764 ) , known as The Lord Moore between 1725 and 1758 , was an Irish peer and freemason .
Johan Christian Strøm ( born 14 June 1947 ) is a Norwegian luger .
Albert Delannoy ( born 1881 ) was a French long jumper who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Sallie Robinson ( born 1851 , date of death unknown ) , a 19th - century African - American civil rights activist .
John Washington Steele ( born in Sheakleyville , Pennsylvania , 1843 ; died in Fort Crook , Nebraska , in December , 1920 ) , also known as Coal Oil Johnny , was one of the first oil millionaires acquiring their wealth from the oil discovered in Pennsylvania in the mid-19th century .
Hans Minder ( born 28 August 1908 , date of death unknown ) is a Swiss wrestler .
Perumanoor Gopinatha Pillai , more popularly known as Guru Gopinath ( 24 June 1908 -- 9 October 1987 ) was a well known actor - cum - dancer .
Dr Dov Bar - Nir ( Hebrew : דב בר - ניר‎ , born Bernard Zilbershitz on 3 December 1911 , died 7 May 2000 ) was a Belgium - born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam between 1949 and 1951 .
Delmi Álvarez ( born 1958 ) is a Galician photojournalist and independent filmmaker .
James Dodds ( born 1957 ) is a British painter and carver .
Rasmus Flo ( 29 September 1851- 30 November 1905 ) was a Norwegian teacher , philologist , magazine editor and translator .
Daniel Kemmis ( born c. 1946 ) is an American attorney and the author of several books including :
Edward Kennion ( 1744 - -1809 ) was an English artist , initially a soldier and businessman .
George Nicolaou ( born 16 September 1945 ) is an Cyprus judge born in Larnaca and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Cyprus
Rory Bosio is an American athlete born in 1984 .
Alison Whyte ( born 1968 , Tasmania ) is an Australian actress best known for her role on the Australian television series Frontline and Satisfaction .
Mohammad Tavasoli ( Persian : محمد توسلی‎‎ , born 1 January 1938 ) is an Iranian democracy activist and politician .
Kerrie Friend ( born 2 October 1963 ) is an Australian model and TV presenter best known for co - hosting Wheel of Fortune and Perfect Match .
Kim Tiddy ( born 3 September 1977 , in Surrey ) , is an English actress best known for playing the part of PC Honey Harman , in the ITV soap opera The Bill , and Heidi Costello in the British Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks .
Powys Thomas ( 1926 - -1977 ) was a British - born actor who played an important role in the development of theatre in Canada .
David A. Galloway ( born 1943 ) , a Canadian , was the CEO of Torstar and is chairman of the board of Bank of Montreal , which is also known as BMO Financial Group .
Sir Henry Normand MacLaurin , ( known as Normand MacLaurin , 10 December 1835 , Kilconquhar , Scotland -- 24 August 1914 , Sydney , Australia ) , was a Scottish - born physician , company director , Australian politician and university administrator .
William John O'Meally , born 25 November 1920 in Young , New South Wales , was an Australian criminal , notorious as the last man to be flogged in Victoria .
John Heald ( born 22 January 1965 ) is the senior cruise director of Carnival Cruise Lines and a blogger for the cruise line .
Dan Webb ( born 13 August 1989 ) , is an Australian musician , singer , songwriter and record producer .
Johannes Stark ( German pronunciation : ( joˈhanəs ʃtaʁk ) , 15 April 1874 -- 21 June 1957 ) was a German physicist and Physics Nobel Prize laureate , who was closely involved with the Deutsche Physik movement under the Nazi regime .
Festus Okotie - Eboh ( 1919 - 1966 ) was a Nigerian politician and former Minister of Finance during the administration of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa .
Aleksandar Lilov ( Bulgarian : Александър Лилов ) ( 31 August 1933 -- 20 July 2013 ) was a Bulgarian politician and philosopher .
Ann Southam , CM ( 4 February 1937 -- 25 November 2010 ) was a Canadian composer and music teacher .
James Leigh Strachan - Davidson ( born Strachan ) ( 22 October 1843 -- 28 March 1916 ) was an English classical scholar , born at Byfleet , Surrey , southern England .
William H. Peirce ( died 1944 ) was an American civil engineer and metallurgist , who pioneered copper production in the early 20th century .
Hugh de Vere , 4th Earl of Oxford ( c. 1208 -- December 1263 ) was the only son and heir of Robert de Vere , 3rd Earl of Oxford and Isabel de Bolebec , daughter and eventual sole heiress of Hugh de Bolebec .
Leonard Keith Ward ( 17 February 1879 -- 30 September 1964 ) was an Australian geologist and public servant .
Dave Magnier ( 1916 - -1979 ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Emanuel Cvjetićanin ( August 8 , 1833 -- 1919 ) was an Austro - Hungarian Feldmarschalleutnant , a rank equivalent to Lieutenant General .
Stanton P. Sender died November 7 , 1995 , several days after suffering a massive heart attack .
Phyllis Forbes Dennis ( 31 May 1884 -- 22 August 1963 ) was a British novelist and short story writer who wrote under her birth name , Phyllis Bottome ( /bəˈtoʊm/ bə - TOHM ) .
Sir Francis Brewster ( fl . 1674 - -1702 ) was a writer on trade , and a citizen and alderman of Dublin , Ireland .
Jerolim Zagurović ( Serbian : Јеролим Загуровић ) , ( Italian : Girolamo Zagurovich ) ( c. 1550 - -1580 ) was a Venetian printer of Serbian Cyrillic books ( srbulje ) .
William John Woodhouse ( 7 November 1866 -- 26 October 1937 ) was a classical scholar and author , professor of Greek at the University of Sydney
Mensa Bonsu ( c. 1840 -- c. 1896 ) was the tenth king of the Kingdom of Ashanti , from 1874 until his forced abdication on 8 March 1883 .
Daniel Baransky ( 1955 - -1986 ) was rumoured to be the youngest member of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love .
Andrew Allan ( 1907 - -1974 ) , born in Arboath , Scotland , was the national head of CBC Radio Drama from 1943 to 1955 .
Gary Hemming ( 1934 -- 1969 ) was a noted American mountaineer .
Charles Magniac ( 1827 -- 23 November 1891 ) was a British financier and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1886 .
George Hepplewhite ( 1727 ? -- June 21 , 1786 ) was a cabinetmaker .
Frits Schlegel ( 4 May 1896 - 5 March 1965 ) was a Functionalist Danish architect active during the transition from traditional craftsmanship to industrialized construction methods in the building industry .
Fred Rutley ( 10 July 1902 - 28 May 1947 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jeanne Roques ( 23 February 1889 -- 11 December 1957 ) , better known by her stage name Musidora , was a French actress , film director and writer .
Hermann Schmitz ( 1 January 1881 -- 8 October 1960 ) was a German industrialist and Nazi war criminal .
Awar Khan Aibak ( alternately Latinised Aor , Awor ) was the governor of Bengal at Lakhnauti during 1235 - -1236 CE under Delhi Sultan Shamsuddin Iltutmish .
John Hingston ( 1612 - -1683 ) was an English composer , organist and viol player .
Hiu Lui Ng , a.k.a . Jason Ng , was a 34-year - old New Yorker who died on August 5 or 6 , 2008 in the custody of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Ebenezer Allen ( 1743 - -1806 ) was an American soldier , pioneer , and member of the Vermont General Assembly .
Max Beloff , Baron Beloff , FBA , FRHistS , FRSA ( 2 July 1913 -- 22 March 1999 ) was a British historian and Conservative peer .
Elysa Ayala ( 1879 - -1956 ) was an Ecuadorian writer and painter .
Captain The Hon . Hugh Tyrwhitt ( 14 July 1856 -- 26 October 1907 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Naval Secretary .
Captain Sir Eyre Massey Shaw KCB ( 17 January 1828 - -25 August 1908 ) was the Superintendent of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade ( now renamed the London Fire Brigade ) , and its predecessor , the London Fire Engine Establishment , from 1861 to 1891 .
Eduard Glaser ( 15 March 1855 -- 7 May 1908 ) was an Austrian Arabist and archeologist .
Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo ( Maria Vittoria Carlotta Enrichetta ; 9 August 1847 -- 8 November 1876 ) was an Italian noblewoman and was the Princess della Cisterna in her own right .
Catherine Suckling ( 9 May 1725 -- 26 December 1767 ) was the mother of Horatio Nelson .
Sir James David Marwick ( 15 July 1826 -- 24 March 1908 ) was a Scottish lawyer , historian and town clerk .
Johannes van den Broek ( 26 October 1882 , Haarlem -- 22 October 1946 , The Hague ) was a businessman and Dutch minister of finance from 1942 to 1945 .
Aco Mavec ( 8 December 1929 -- 17 August 1982 ) was a Slovene painter , best known for his illustrations of children 's books and comics .
Matteo Pacelli ( Born in Basilicata - 1731 ) was an Italian historical painter .
( Edythe ) Ellison Harvie ( 18 May 1902 -- 27 September 1984 ) was an Australian architect and an advocate for the professional development of women .
Manju Qamaraidullāhī ( 1908 - -1983 ) was a Urdu dramatist , playwright and a poet , born in Channapatna , Karnataka state of India and established his career in Hyderabad Deccan .
Maria of Galicia ( before 1293- 11 January 1341 ) was a princess of Galicia - Volhynia and a member of the Rurik Dynasty .
Florence Fleming Noyes ( 1871 - -1928 ) was an American classical dancer .
Louis Claude Purser ( 28 September 1854 Abbeyside--20 March 1932 Dublin ) was an Irish classical scholar .
Christopher Richard Sandford Buckle , CBE , better known as Richard Buckle ( 6 August 1916 -- 12 October 2001 ) , was a lifelong devotee of ballet , and a well - known ballet critic .
Vojtěch Kubašta ( 1914 , Vienna -- 1992 ) was a Czech architect and artist .
Charles Samuel Myers , CBE , FRS ( 13 March 1873 -- 12 October 1946 ) was an English physician who worked as a psychologist .
William Warren Orcutt ( February 14 , 1869 -- 1942 ) was a petroleum geologist who is considered a pioneer in the development of oil production in California , and the use of geology in the oil industry .
Lieutenant General John Neptune Sargent CB ( 18 June 1826 -- 20 October 1893 ) was Commander of British Troops in China , Hong Kong and the Straits Settlements .
Heinrich Eggestein ( born around 1415/1420 in Rosheim , Alsace ; died 1488 or later ; also spelled Eckstein or Eggesteyn ) is considered , along with Johannes Mentelin , to be the earliest book printer in Strasbourg and therefore one of the earliest anywhere in Europe outside Mainz .
John VI , Duke of Mecklenburg ( 1439 - -1474 ) was a Duke of Mecklenburg .
Antoine Vérard ( active 1485 - -1512 ) was a late 15th and early 16th century French publisher , bookmaker and bookseller .
Edward Sparke ( died 1692 ) was an English clergyman and devotional writer .
Joseph Dandridge ( January 1665 Winslow , Buckinghamshire - 23 December 1747 London ) , was an English silk - pattern designer of Huguenot descent , a natural history illustrator , an amateur naturalist specialising in entomology , and a leading figure in the Society of Aurelians of which he was a founder member .
Margherita Cagol ( 1945 - -5 June 1975 ) was a former leader of the Italian left - wing militant organization , the Red Brigades ( Brigate Rosse ) .
Eduardo Ruberté Bisó ( ca . 1917 - ca . 1985 ) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce , Puerto Rico from 1964 to 1968 .
Donald Gregory ( 1803 - -1836 ) was a Scottish historian and antiquarian , who published a valuable history of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland .
Tiberius Julius Aspurgus Philoromaios ( Greek : Τιβέριος Ἰούλιος Ἀσποῦργoς Φιλορώμαιος , Philoromaios means lover of Rome , flourished second half of 1st century BC & first half of 1st century AD , died 38 ) was a Prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom .
Paul Dognin ( 1856 - -1931 ) was a French entomologist who specialised in the Lepidoptera of South America .
Domenico Caldara ( 1814 - -1897 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of portraits and genre painting .
Fintan Kennedy ( died 24 March 1984 ) was an Irish trade unionist .
Heber Hugo Carámbula , ( 31 October 1945 -- 14 November 2015 ) , also known under the stage name of Berugo Carámbula , was a Uruguayan actor , comedian and TV host , born in Las Piedras in 1945 .
Chimalpopoca ( Classical Nahuatl : Chīmalpopōca /t͡ʃiːmaɬpoˈpoːka/ for `` smoking shield '' ) ( 1397 - -1427 ) was the third king of Tenochtitlan ( 1417 - -1427 ) .
Charles Barker ( 1791 - -1859 ) was an English advertising agent .
Karol Chodura ( 9 September 1921 - 22 March 2001 ) is a Polish cinematographer and first assistant director .
Sister Katherine Butler ( 27 May 1914 -- 8 August 2000 ) was a nun with the Religious Sisters of Charity , teacher , writer , and aviator .
Sir John Hay of Alderston , 1st Baronet ( died 1706 ) was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia on 22 February 1703 .
William Greener ( 1806 - -1869 ) was an English inventor and gunmaker .
D. Maria Francisca of Savoy ( Marie Françoise Élisabeth ; 21 June 1646 -- 27 December 1683 ) was twice queen consort of Portugal as the spouse of two Portuguese kings .
Charles Cecil , Viscount Cranborne ( 1619 - -1660 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648 .
Robert M. Bond ( 16 December 1929 -- 26 April 1984 ) was a lieutenant general of the United States Air Force ( USAF ) .
Jan Frederik Schouten ( 29 May 1910 -- 12 August 1980 ) was a Dutch physicist , and Professor at the Eindhoven University of Technology , known for his contributions to biophysics .
Karl Kaspar von der Leyen ( 18 December 1618 -- 1 June 1676 ) was Archbishop - Elector of Trier and a Prince - Elector of the Holy Roman Empire from 1652 to 1676 .
Kenneth Rayner ( 20 June 1808 -- 4 March 1884 ) was a whig U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1839 and 1845 .
Frederick Thomas Pilkington ( 1832 -- 18 September 1898 ) was a Scottish architect , practising in the Victorian High Gothic revival style .
Saverino or Severino Galante ( ca . 1750 - -1827 ) was an Italian painter , active in Abruzzo and Naples .
Sharda Rani Trivedi ( died 1998 ) was a north Indian educator who contributed to higher education for women , for which she is remembered in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh .
Eloy d'Amerval ( fl . 1455 -- 1508 ) was a French composer , singer , choirmaster , and poet of the Renaissance .
Emil Schulz ( 25 May 1938 -- 22 March 2010 ) was a German amateur boxer and five - time national champion , who lost only 21 of his 223 fights .
Antonio Pacchioni ( 1665 - -1726 ) was an Italian scientist and anatomist , who focused chiefly on the outermost meningeal layer of the brain , the dura mater .
Sir Henry Garraway ( died July 1646 ) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1639 .
Paul Esser ( 24 April 1913 -- 20 January 1988 ) was a German stage and television actor and voice actor .
Francis M. Pottenger , Jr. ( 1901 - -1967 ) was the son of Francis M. Pottenger , Sr . , the physician who co - founded the Pottenger Sanatorium for treatment of tuberculosis in Monrovia , California .
Jan Kociniak ( 8 November 1937 -- 20 April 2007 ) was a Polish film and theatre actor .
Gao Shengtai ( died 1096 ) was the ruler of the Dazhong Kingdom ( 1094 - -1096 ) .
Michel Casseux , also known as `` Pisseux '' ( 1794 - -1869 ) was a Savate instructor .
Paul Ambrose ( 11 October 1868 -- 1 July 1941 ) was a Canadian organist , conductor , composer , and music educator who was primarily active in the United States .
Kyrillos Makarios also written as Cyrillus Macaire ( in Arabic كيرلس مقار ) ( born 9 February 1867 - died 18 May 1921 ) was a leader of the Coptic Catholic Church , an Eastern Catholic sui juris particular church of the Catholic Church .
Beriah Botfield FRSE FRS FSA FRGS ( 5 March 1807 -- 7 August 1863 ) was a British Member of Parliament representing Ludlow in Shropshire .
David Nelson Beach ( November 30 , 1848 -- October 18 , 1926 ) was an American theologian , born at South Orange , N. J. , and a brother of Harlan Page Beach .
Torolv Solheim ( 7 November 1907 , Radøy -- 23 May 1995 ) was a Norwegian educator , essayist , resistance member and politician .
Jan Nepomuk Štěpánek ( 19 May 1783 -- 12 February 1844 ) was a Czech playwright , director , actor and theatre manager .
Federico Cafiero ( 24 May 1914 -- 7 May 1980 ) was an Italian mathematician known for his contributions in real analysis , measure and integration theory , and in the theory of ordinary differential equations .
Ólchobar mac Duib - Indrecht ( died 805 ) was a supposed King of Munster from the Eóganacht Áine branch of the Eóganachta .
Otto IV , Count of Ravensberg ( c. 1276 -- 1328 ) was a German nobleman .
George Dalgarno ( c.1626 - -1687 ) was a Scottish intellectual interested in linguistic problems .
Jan Vilímek ( German : Johann Vilimek ; 1 January 1860 -- 15 April 1938 ) was a Czech illustrator and painter .
Alexander Hamilton Church ( 28 May 1866 -- 11 February 1936 ) was an English efficiency engineer , accountant and writer on accountancy and management , known for his seminal work of management and cost accounting .
René Raphy ( 27 December 1920 - 11 May 2008 ) is a former French footballer .
Eógan mac Néill ( modern orthography : Eoghan mac Néill ) ( reportedly died 465 ) was a son of Niall Noígiallach and the eponymous ancestor of the Cenél nEógain branch of the Northern Uí Néill , who founded the over - kingdom of Ailech and later Tír Eoghain .
Margaret Germano , better known as Peggy Mann ( September 27 , 1919 -- summer 1988 ) , was an American Big Band singer who was prominent in the 1930s and 40s .
Romain - Octave Pelletier II ( sometimes spelled Peltier ) ( 26 August 1904 - 11 January 1968 ) was a Canadian music critic , music producer , and violinist .
Edward Carrick ( born Edward Anthony Craig ) ( 3 January 1905 -- 21 January 1998 ) was an art designer for film , an author and illustrator .
Elizabeth Farren ( c. 1759 -- 23 April 1829 ) was an English actress of the late 18th century .
S. Ramanathan ( 1917 - 1988 ) was a Carnatic music singer and musicologist .
Dimitry Markevitch ( 1923 - -2002 ) was a Russian concert cellist , researcher , teacher and musicologist .
Saint Vitonus ( died 525 ) , also called Vanne or Vaune , became a monk as a young man and was made Bishop of Verdun , c.500 .
Dumenko Borys Mokiyovych ( Ukrainian : Думенко Борис Мокійович , Russian : Думенко Борис Мокеевич ) ( 1888 - 11 May 1920 ) was a red cossack with a Ukrainian enslaved cossack origin , who was one of co - founders and commanders of the first red cossack troops , and the Red Army as a whole .
George Febres ( born Jorge Xavier Febres Cordero Icaza , Guayaquil , 10 September 1943 -- 1996 ) was an Ecuadorian - born painter , internationally acclaimed for his wildly imaginative style and humorous `` visual puns . ''
Helen Abbot Merrill ( 1864 -- 1949 ) was an American mathematician , educator and textbook author .
François Borne ( 1840 - -1920 ) , sometimes spelled Bourne , was a French flautist playing with the orchestra of `` Le Grand Théatre de Bordeaux '' ( Bordeaux Opera House ) , composer and professor at `` Conservatoire de Musique de Toulouse '' ( High School for Music in Toulouse ) .
Paul Behrens ( 1893 - -1984 ) was a clockmaker in Lübeck .
This album is now part of the Smithsonian Folkways collection , and may be found here : http://www.folkways.si.edu/frank-schildt/songs-of-love-play-and-protest/american-folk/music/album/smithsonian Frank Schildt died from a heart attack on January 15 , 1988 .
Marzio di Colantonio or di Colantonio Ganassini or di Cola Antonio ( c. 1580s -- after 1623 ) was an Italian painter , as a painter of still - lifes and landscapes , and fresco decorations of grotteschi and battle scenes with small figures .
Ralph Dodd ( c.1756 - -11 April 1822 ) was a late 18th century British civil engineer primarily known for his attempt to produce the first tunnel underneath the Thames in 1798 .
Reginald Erskine Foster , nicknamed Tip Foster , commonly designated R. E. Foster in sporting literature ( 16 April 1878 - 13 May 1914 ) was an English cricketer and football player .
Horrie Riley ( 10 September 1902 -- 8 February 1970 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Sturt in the SAFL .
Owen Browne Carter ( 1806 -- 30 March 1859 ) was an English architect , based in Winchester .
Stella Maria Sarah Miles Franklin , known as Miles Franklin ( 14 October 1879 -- 19 September 1954 ) was an Australian writer and feminist who is best known for her novel My Brilliant Career , self - published in 1901 .
Thomas Brome ( died 1380 ) was an English Carmelite monk , provincial of his order from 1362 .
Thomas Wentworth Beaumont ( 5 November 1792 -- 20 December 1848 ) of Bretton Hall , Wakefield in Yorkshire , was a British politician and soldier .
Detty Kurnia ( 1960 -- 20 April 2010 ) was an Indonesian vocalist who sang Pop Sunda ( a mix of Western pop and Sundanese music ) by blending traditional Indonesian music with western music .
Alexander Tolmer ( 1815 -- 7 March 1890 ) was a South Australian police officer and Police Commissioner .
Harry Lindbäck ( 19 December 1926 -- 9 August 2010 ) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s .
Ronald Montagu Burrows ( 16 August 1867 -- 14 May 1920 ) was a British academic archaeologist who served as Principal of King 's College London from 1913 to 1920 .
Käte Fenchel née Käte Sperling ( 21 December 1905 -- 19 December 1983 ) Jewish German mathematician , best known for her work on non - abelian groups .
Joseph Weintraub ( 1908 - 1977 ) was Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1957 to 1973 .
Vardan I Dadiani ( Georgian : ვარდან I დადიანი ) ( died c. 1213 ) was a Georgian noble and the forefather of the Dadiani , the princely dynasty of Samegrelo ( Mingrelia ) , a region in western Georgia which Vardan ruled as eristavi ( `` duke '' ) from 1183 to 1213 .
Giambattista Scandella ( 1770 - 1798 ) was an Italian physician and scientist who emigrated to the United States in 1796 .
Justin - Marie Bomboko Lokumba Is Elenge ( 22 September 1928 -- 10 April 2014 ) , known as Justin Marie Bomboko , was a Congolese civil servant .
Jamie Tape ( 5 April 1974 -- 3 January 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer .
José de la Cruz ( 21 December 1746 -- 12 March 1829 ) , more popularly known as Huseng Sisiw , was one of the great Filipino writers during the Spanish regime .
Andrew Sexton Gray ( 1826 -- 10 July 1907 ) was an Irish surgeon , who founded the Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital in Melbourne , and is considered a `` founder of ophthalmology in Australia '' .
Fa Zheng ( 176 - -220 ) , courtesy name Xiaozhi , was an adviser to the warlord Liu Bei in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Hector Theophilus de Cramahé ( 1 October 1720 -- 9 June 1788 ) , born Théophile Hector Chateigner de Cramahé , was Lieutenant - Governor of the Province of Quebec , and titular Lieutenant Governor of Detroit .
Sir William Brereton , 1st Baronet ( 13 September 1604 -- 7 April 1661 ) was an English writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1659 .
Wally Cameron ( 13 November 1896 -- 22 April 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the VFL during the 1920s .
Agegnehu Engida ( 1905 in Mahdere Maryam - 1950 ) was an Ethiopian modern artist .
Chaleo Yoovidhya ( Thai : เฉลียว อยู่วิทยา , rtgs : Chaliao Yuwitthaya , Thai pronunciation : ( ʨʰàlǐːaw jùːwíttʰájaː ) ; born 17 August 1923 ; died on 17 March 2012 ) was a Thai businessman and investor .
Adam Sedgwick ( 22 March 1785 -- 27 January 1873 ) was one of the founders of modern geology .
Fred J. Hart ( August 20 , 1888 -- 1976 ) was an American farmer and businessman .
Erica Wilson ( 8 October 1928 -- 13 December 2011 ) was an English - born American embroidery designer based in New York , known particularly for needlepoint .
Abraham ben Isaac of Narbonne ( c. 1110 -- 1179 ) was a Provençal rabbi , also known as Raavad II , and author of the halachic work Ha - Eshkol ( The Cluster ) .
George Ernest Hamilton CE ( ca.1800 -- 8 October 1872 ) was a British civil engineer who played a leading role in development of the Colony of South Australia .
Stan Parker ( 31 May 1920 in Worksop -- 1994 ) was a professional footballer .
Nuccio Costa ( 1925 -- 27 February 1991 ) was an Italian television presenter .
Pier Francesco Tosi ( c. 1653 -- 1732 ) was a castrato singer , composer , and writer on music .
Edward Strachey , 1st Baron Strachie PC ( 30 October 1858 -- 25 July 1936 ) , known as Sir Edward Strachey , Bt , between 1901 and 1911 , was a British Liberal politician .
Dr John Fewster ( 1738 - 1824 ) was a surgeon and apothecary in Thornbury , Gloucestershire .
John Poulett , 2nd Baron Poulett DL ( 1615 -- 15 September 1665 ) , of Hinton St George in Somerset , was an English peer and Member of Parliament who fought on the Royalist side during the English Civil War .
William Brewer , 1st Baron Brewer ( alias Briwere , etc . ) ( died 1226 ) was a prominent administrator and judge in England during the reigns of Kings Richard I , his brother King John , and the latter 's son Henry III . He was a major landholder and the founder of several religious institutions .
Joseph Wasse ( 1672 - -1738 ) was an English cleric and classical scholar .
Peter Peckard ( c. 1718 -- 8 December 1797 ) was an English Whig , Vice - Chancellor of Cambridge University , Church of England minister and abolitionist .
John Hazlewood SSC ( 19 May 1924 -- 4 September 1998 ) was the seventh Anglican Bishop of Ballarat from 1975 to 1993 .
George A. Schilling ( 1850 - 1936 ) was a prominent American union leader and Georgist in the late nineteenth century .
Emanuel Shinwell , Baron Shinwell , CH , PC ( 18 October 1884 -- 8 May 1986 ) , known informally as Manny Shinwell , was a British trade union official , Labour politician and one of the leading figures of Red Clydeside .
Franz Studniczka ( 14 August 1860 -- 4 December 1929 ) was a German professor of classical archaeology born in Jasło , Galicia .
Thomas Westfield ( 1573 - -1644 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of Bristol and member of the Westminster Assembly .
John Antes ( 1740 - -1811 ) was the first American Moravian Missionary to travel and work in Egypt , one of the earliest American - born chamber music composers , and the maker of perhaps the earliest surviving bowed string instrument made in America .
Joseph Windmills ( c1640 - 1724 ) , was an eminent London watch- and clock - maker who , with his son Thomas , produced outstanding timepieces between 1671 and 1737 .
Jerry Lordan ( 30 April 1934 -- 24 July 1995 ) was an English songwriter , composer and singer .
Aqa Mirak ( fl . 1520 -- Qazvin , 1576 ) was a Persian illustrator and painter .
Edith Ranum ( 23 May 1922 -- 25 October 2002 ) was a Norwegian crime writer , novelist and playwright .
Jascha Horenstein ( Russian : Яша Горенштейн ; 6 May ( O.S. 24 April ) 1898 -- 2 April 1973 ) was an American conductor .
Darcy McDougall ( 16 April 1886 -- 7 April 1952 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ljubomir Kovačević ( 4 January 1848 - 19 November 1918 ) was a Serbian writer , historian , academic , and politician .
Sarah Mary Fitton ( c. 1796 -- 30 March 1874 ) was an Irish writer , who had an interest in botany .
Tsai Horng Chung ( also , Chai Chung Ying ; 蔡洪鐘 ) ( 1915 - -2003 ) , was a Chinese - Sarawakan painter .
Thomas Moryson ( died 19 February 1592 ) was an English government official , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1572 and 1589 .
Morgan Owen ( 1584/5 -- 1645 ) was bishop of Llandaff , Wales from 1639 but imprisoned and unable to exercise his charge from 1644 .
Frans Claerhout ( 15 February 1919 -- 4 July 2006 ) was a Belgian painter who spent most of his adult life in South Africa .
Peter Kern ( 13 February 1949 -- 26 August 2015 ) was an Austrian actor , film director , screenwriter and producer .
Robert Hutton ( 1876 -- 5 August 1970 ) was an English metallurgist and Goldsmiths '' Professor in Metallurgy at Cambridge University from 1931 to 1942 and known for his work with the Society for the Protection of Science and Learning in assisting academics to flee the Nazi regime in Germany .
Pierre de L'Estoile ( 1546 -- 8 October 1611 ) was a Parisian diarist and collector .
William Wilson Kettle ( 21 September 1860 -- 25 January 1963 ) was a Canadian centenarian .
Claude - Antoine de Bermen de La Martinière ( 12 July 1700 -- 24 December 1761 ) was a Quebec born son of Claude de Bermen de la Martinière .
Frank Grouard ( also known as Frank Gruard ) ( 20 September 1850 -- 15 August 1905 ) was a Scout and interpreter for General George Crook during the American Indian War of 1876 .
K. M. Daniel ( 9 May 1920 -- 18 July 1988 ) was an Indian literary critic and scholar from Kerala , India .
John Poppitt ( 20 January 1923 -- 12 February 2014 ) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Derby County and Queens Park Rangers .
William Francis Finlason ( 1818 - -1895 ) was an English journalist and legal writer .
Salim Ben Ali Al - Qasimi ( 1918 ? 2002 ) served as prime minister of Comoros under President Ahmed Abdallah from December 22 , 1978 until February 8 , 1982 .
Saint Bonifacia Rodríguez y Castro , S.S.J. , ( 6 June 1837 -- 8 August 1905 ) was the co - foundress of the Religious Congregation of the Servants of St. Joseph , who developed the `` Nazareth workshop '' as both a new format for consecrated life and to help poor and unemployed women .
Sir Douglas Veale CBE ( 2 April 1891 -- 27 September 1973 ) was a British civil servant and university administrator , who served as Registrar of the University of Oxford from 1930 to 1958 .
Zachary Langton ( 1698 - -1788 ) was an English divine .
Irina Nijinska ( 20 November 1913 - 2 July 1991 ) was a Russian - born ballet dancer .
Claudio Carosino , MD ( 12 March 1951 -- 24 October 2010 ) was an Italian general practitioner and family physician , tutor and mentor engaged in rural medicine .
Christen Winther Obel ( 1800 - 1860 ) was a Danish businessman who contributed to Aalborg 's prosperity in the 19th century by successfully developing the family 's tobacco business founded in 1787 .
Christopher Frimann Omsen ( 11 December 1761 -- 25 April 1829 ) was a Norwegian `` Founding Father '' and later Supreme Court Justice .
Edward La Trobe Bateman ( 8 January 1816 -- 1897 ) was a pre - Raphaelite watercolour painter , book illuminator , draughtsman and garden designer .
Ferdinand Grossmann ( 4 July 1887 -- 5 December 1970 ) was an Austrian choral conductor , vocal teacher and composer .
Aloisio Gardellini ( August 4 , 1759 in Rome -- October 8 , 1829 ) was an Italian editor and compiler of religious documents .
Jean Baptiste Morel or Jan Baptist Morel ( 1662 -- 1732 ) was a Flemish still life painter who specialized in flower pieces and garlands .
George Alexander Stevens ( 1710 -- 6 September 1780 ) was an English actor , playwright , poet , and songwriter .
Tikkana ( or Tikkana Somayaji ) ( 1205 - -1288 ) was born into a family of Shaivite family during the Golden Age of the Kakatiya dynasty .
Vladimír Padrůněk ( 17 February 1952 -- 30 August 1991 ) is a Czech rock bass guitarist .
Lady Louisa Stuart ( 12 August 1757 -- 4 August 1851 ) was a British writer of the 18th and 19th centuries .
Johann Christian Gottlieb Graupner ( 1767 - -1836 ) was a musician , composer , educator and publisher .
Rico Tomaso ( 1898 in Chicago , Illinois -- 1985 in New York , New York ) was an illustrator and painter .
Bhupendranath Datta ( 4 September 1880 -- 25 December 1961 ) was an Indian revolutionary and later a noted sociologist .
Phraya Phahonphonphayuhasena ( Thai : พระยาพหลพลพยุหเสนา , Thai pronunciation : ( pʰrá.jaː.pʰá.hǒn.pʰon.pʰá.jú.hà.sě.naː ) ) , 29 March 1887 -- 14 February 1947 ) , short Phraya Phahon , born as Phot Phahonyothin ( Thai : พจน์ พหลโยธิน ) , was a Thai military leader and politician .
Horace Walter Gilbert ( 1855 - 1928 ) was an English landscape painter during the Victorian era , and a member of the Williams family of painters .
Geneviève de Brunelle , Marquise de Combray ( 1742 - -1823 ) , was a French counter - revolutionary and royalist during the French Revolution and the first empire .
Johannes Andreas August Grabau ( March 18 , 1804 - -June 2 , 1879 ) was an influential German - American Old Lutheran pastor and theologian .
Charles Edmund Raven ( 1876 - -1940 ) was an Ontario merchant and political figure .
Edmund Różycki ( born January 13 , 1827 in Volhynia , died 1893 in Kraków ) was a Polish general in the January Uprising , and the overall commander of the uprising in Volhynia and Podolia .
Albrecht von Kalckstein ( 4 November 1592 -- 26 May 1667 ) was a Prussian count , Lieutenant General and opponent of Frederick William , Elector of Brandenburg .
George Selway ( 21 February 1924 - May 1994 ) was a British actor who had a lengthy career in film and television .
Gladstone Porteous died of Typhus in Salaowu ( also known as Sayingpan ) on 10 November 1944 .
Johan Hjalmar Théel ( 14 June 1848 -- 20 July 1937 ) was a Swedish zoologist and university professor .
Antun Augustinčić ( 4 May 1900 -- 10 May 1979 ) was a prominent Croatian sculptor active in Yugoslavia .
Anton Heinrich Hermann Fassl ( 1876 - 1922 , Manaos ) was a German entomologist .
Maggy Rouff ( 1896 - -1971 ) was a French fashion designer of Belgian origin .
Ole Ernst Pedersen ( 16 May 1940 -- 1 September 2013 ) was a Danish actor , active on stage , TV and film .
Ignaz von Szyszyłowicz ( 30 July 1857 -- 17 February 1910 ) also known as Ignacy Szyszyłowicz was a Polish botanist born in Granica ( Kielce ) .
James G. Wilson ( 1915 - -1987 ) was an embryologist and anatomist , known for his Six Principles of Teratology .
Robert Talbott Miller III or Bob Miller ( April 5 , 1910 -- January 1999 ) was an American citizen who worked in the United States Office of the Coordinator of Inter - American Affairs during World War II . He was alleged to be part of the Soviet espionage group known as the `` Golos ring '' .
Jan of Cieszyn ( Polish : Jan cieszyński ; 1339/40 -- after 18 May 1359 ) , was a Polish prince , member of the Piast dynasty in the Cieszyn branch .
Kishore Te ( Tamil : கிஷோர் ) ( 24 March 1978 - 6 March 2015 ) was an Indian film editor .
Rowland Lockey ( c. 1565 - -1616 ) was an English painter and goldsmith .
Eliza Meteyard ( 1816 - -1879 ) was an English writer .
Jean Goldschmit ( 20 February 1924 -- 14 February 1994 ) was a professional Luxembourgian road bicycle racer .
Henry Septimus Sutton ( 1825 - -1901 ) was an English journalist and temperance activist , known as a religious poet .
Stacey Tendeter ( 21 June 1949 -- 26 October 2008 ) was a British actress best known for her performance as Muriel in the 1971 film Two English Girls .
Professor Dr. Robert Eberan von Eberhorst ( 23 October 1902 - -14 March 1982 ) , later known as Robert Eberan - Eberhorst , was a noted Austrian engineer , who designed the Auto Union Type D Grand Prix motor racing car .
General Flower Mocher ( c. 1729 -- 18 July 1801 ) , was a British army officer who served 50 years in the cavalry .
John Hope Smith ( died 15 March 1831 ) was an English Colonial Head of the Gold Coast ( now Ghana ) as Governor of the Committee of Merchants of the Gold Coast from 19 January 1817 until 27 March 1822 .
Richard Senhouse ( died 1626 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of Carlisle from 1624 to 1626 .
Abel Pifre ( 1852 - 1928 ) , was a French engineer who developed the first solar power printing press .
Frederic Boase ( 1843 - -1916 ) was an English librarian and biographer .
Helen Thomas Dranga ( 1865 - -1940 ) , who is also known as Carrie Helen Dranga , was an American painter who made paintings of Hawaii .
Gonzalo de Olavide y Casenave ( 28 March 1934 -- 4 November 2005 ) was a Spanish composer born in Madrid .
Helen D'Arcy Stewart ( née Cranstoun ; 1765 - -1838 ) was Scottish poet and a noted Edinburgh society hostess of the late 18th and early 19th century , as wife to Dugald Stewart , an influential Scottish philosopher and mathematician best known for popularizing the Scottish Enlightenment .
Alexander Hamilton , 10th Duke of Hamilton , 7th Duke of Brandon KG PC FRS FSA ( 3 October 1767 -- 18 August 1852 ) was a Scottish politician and art collector .
William Michael Berry , Baron Hartwell MBE ( 18 May 1911 -- 3 April 2001 ) , was a British newspaper proprietor and journalist .
Bobby Beasley ( 26 August 1935 -- 9 January 2008 ) was an Irish jockey and horse trainer .
Edward Joseph Hansom ( 22 October 1842 -- 27 May 1900 ) was an English Victorian architect who specialised in ecclesiastical buildings in Gothic Revival style , including many Roman Catholic churches .
Eric Huxtable ( 27 October 1908 - 10 October 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the VFL during the 1930s and briefly with South Melbourne in the early 1940s .
Penny Dwyer ( born Penelope Rosemary Dwyer ; 24 September 1953 -- 4 September 2003 ) was a British comedy writer and performer , noted for being a member of the Cambridge Footlights revue The Cellar Tapes which won the inaugural Perrier Comedy Awards in 1981 .
Zhao Shangzhi ( simplified Chinese : 赵尚志 ; traditional Chinese : 趙尚志 ; pinyin : Zhào Shàngzhì ; 1908 - 1942 ) was a Chinese military commander .
Lord William Hamilton ( c. 1706 - 11 July 1734 ) was a member of Parliament for Lanarkshire .
Francis Folliott ( 1667 - -1701 ) was an Irish Member of Parliament .
Charles Boyle , 3rd Viscount Dungarvan , 3rd Baron Clifford , FRS ( bapt . 12 December 1639 -- 12 October 1694 ) , was a British peer and politician .
Shirley Crabtree , Jr ( 14 November 1930 -- 2 December 1997 ) , better known as Big Daddy , was an English professional wrestler with a record - breaking 64 inch chest .
Arnold Kendall ( 6 April 1925 -- 12 December 2003 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger .
John Charles Herries PC ( November 1778 -- 24 April 1855 ) , known as J. C. Herries , was a British politician and financier and a frequent member of Tory and Conservative cabinets in the early to mid 19th century .
Erich Leo Lehmann ( 20 November 1917 -- 12 September 2009 ) was an American statistician , who made a major contribution to nonparametric hypothesis testing .
Rigmor Andersen ( 11 December 1903 , Aarhus - 10 March 1995 , Søllerød ) was a versatile Danish designer , educator and author .
Adam Drummond ( 31 January 1713 -- 17 June 1786 ) , 11th of Lennoch and 4th of Megginch in Perthshire , was a Scottish merchant , banker and Member of Parliament .
Samuel Fisher Lafone ( Liverpool , 1805 -- Buenos Aires , 1871 ) was a British - born Uruguayan businessman .
Akbar Hussain Rizvi , popularly known as Akbar Allahabadi ( Urdu : اكبر الہ آبادی ) ( October , 1846 ; 15 February 1921 ) , was an Indian Urdu poet .
Ummidia Cornificia Faustina ( AD 141 - -182 ) was a wealthy Roman noblewoman , an heiress and the niece of the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Gustav Heynhold ( or Gustav Heinhold , 1800 - -1860 ) was a German botanist who worked at the botanic gardens of Dresden and Frankfurt .
Emil Rupp ( Philipp Heinrich Emil Rupp , 1898 - -1979 ) was a German physicist , regarded by many as a respectable and important experimentalist in the late 1920s .
Fred Mutch ( 21 November 1898 -- 11 November 1986 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Eugene Bordinat , Jr. ( 10 February 1920 -- 11 August 1987 ) was a Ford Motor Company styling executive whose career spanned several decades .
Dorothy Stevens ( 2 September 1888 -- 5 June 1966 ) was a Canadian etcher , portrait painter , print maker , illustrator and teacher , perhaps the most accomplished Canadian etcher of her day .
Domenico Paolella ( 18 October 1915 - 7 October 2002 ) was an Italian director , screenwriter and journalist .
John Padgett ( 21 November 1860 -- 2 August 1943 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1882 and 1889 , and one match for Lord Hawke 's XI in 1889 .
Dr Phay Seng Whatt ( died 2009 ) was the Chairman of Public Service Commission in Singapore from January 1962 to June 1975 .
Ingebjørg Kasin Sandsdalen ( 6 September 1915 -- 4 September 2003 ) was a Norwegian poet and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Saint Mac Laisre mac Luighdeach ( also called Mac Lasre , MacLaisre , M’Lasre , Macc - Laisre , mcLasre , M.Laisre ) b. c.560 - d. 12 September 623 , was the Bishop of Armagh , Ireland from 610 to 12 September 623 .
Malik Muhammad Jayasi ( Hindi : मलिक मोहम्मद जायसी ) ( 1477 - -1542 ) was an Indian poet who wrote in the Avadhi dialect of Hindi .
Veh Mihr Shapur was a Sasanian military officer and the first Marzban of Armenia from 428 to 442 .
Scott Bloemendaal ( 11 September 1912 Rotterdam - 31 October 1964 ) was a Dutch composer , music critic and essayist .
Giles Collier ( 1622 - -1678 ) , was an English divine .
Giorgio Gomelsky ( 28 February 1934 -- 13 January 2016 ) was a film maker , impresario , music manager , songwriter ( as Oscar Rasputin ) and record producer .
Alexander Nicolson ( 1827 - -1893 ) was a Scottish lawyer and man of letters , known as a Gaelic scholar and sheriff - substitute of Kirkcudbright and Greenock , and as a pioneer of mountain climbing in Scotland .
Josias Braun - Blanquet ( 3 August 1884 -- 20 September 1980 ) was an influential phytosociologist and botanist .
Raba bar Rav Huna was a Jewish Talmudist who lived in Babylonia , known as an amora of the third generation ( died 322 ) .
Angelo Sanudo ( died 1262 ) was the second Duke of the Archipelago from 1227 , when his father , Marco I , died , until his own death .
Benjamin B. Hinkson ( c. 1799 - March 1877 ) was the fourth Ohio Secretary of State .
Aert Jansse van Nes ( 1626 -- 13 or 14 September 1693 ) was a 17th - century Dutch naval commander , notable for commanding the second squadron in the raid on the Medway in 1667 .
Frederick of Montbéliard or Frederick of Mömpelgard ( died 29 June 1091 ) was from a noble family in Lotharingia .
Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr was the Emir of Harar ( 1852 - -1866 ) .
İhsan Ketin ( April 10 , 1914 -- December 16 , 1995 ) was a Turkish earth scientist .
Ana Pelegrín ( 1938 - -2008 ) was an Argentine researcher , writer , and educator .
Marcel Martí ( 1925 - -2010 ) was an Argentine - born sculptor of Catalan descent .
Hekuran Isai ( 7 May 1933 in Peqin -- 26 March 2008 in Tirana ) was an Albanian politician of the Albanian Party of Labour ( PPSh ) .
Thomas Lionel Hodgkin ( 3 April 1910 -- 25 March 1982 ) was an English Marxist historian of Africa `` who did more than anyone to establish the serious study of African history '' in the UK .
Charles Schild ( 1902 - -1980 ) was an American inventor .
Adolph Klauber ( 29 April 1879 − 7 December 1933 ) was an American drama critic and theatrical producer .
Ernesto Galarza ( August 15 , 1905 - -June 22 , 1984 ) was a Mexican - American labor activist , professor , poet , writer , and key figure in the history of immigrant farm worker organization in California .
Alick - Maud Pledge ( 1893 - -1949 ) was an English folk dance and gymnastics teacher .
Pope Felix IV ( III ) ( died 22 September 530 ) served as the Pope of the Catholic Church from 12 July 526 to his death in 530 .
Eric Coutts ( 30 December 1913 -- 16 August 2001 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nellie Parker Spaulding ( 1870 - -1945 ) was an American silent film actress who appeared in at least 37 films between 1915 and 1925 .
Sidney Louie Gunter Jr. ( 27 February 1925 -- 15 March 2013 ) , known as Hardrock Gunter , was a singer , songwriter and guitarist whose music at the turn of the 1950s prefigured rock and roll and rockabilly music .
Tom Jarvie ( 8 June 1916 -- 1 February 2011 ) was a Scottish professional footballer , veterinary surgeon and television personality
Richard Werner Lang ( 23 March 1922 -- 17 June 2013 ) was a German automotive engineer .
William Biggs ( 1804 - 3 October 1881 ) was a British politician and hosier .
William Frederick Webb ( March 1829 in Sussex -- 1899 in Africa ) was a High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire and officer in the British army .
James Kempson ( 1742 -- 10 March 1822 ) was an English choirmaster , the founder of the Birmingham Musical and Amicable Society in 1762 and the Birmingham Triennial Music Festival in 1768 .
Saint Curcodomus ( died ca . 680 ) was a Benedictine abbot and saint .
Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar ( 2 February 1927 -- 27 July 2011 ) was an exponent of Dagar vani Dhrupad of Indian classical music .
Aodh Ua Goirmghiallaigh , King of Partraige Cera , died 1206 .
Jacopo Gattilusio ( or Giacomo ; died 1428 ) was the third Lord of Lesbos .
Frederick Jaeger ( 29 May 1928 -- 18 June 2004 ) was a German - born actor who found success working in British television .
Bennet Woodcroft FRS ( 20 December 1803 -- 7 February 1879 ) was an English textile manufacturer , industrial archaeologist , pioneer of marine propulsion , a leading figure in patent reform and the first clerk to the commissioners of patents .
Joseph Trani ( 1538 - -1639 ) or Joseph di Trani was a Talmudist of the latter part of the 16th century who lived in Greece .
Fernando Ureña Rib ( 21 March 1951 -- 27 December 2013 ) was a Dominican painter , whose career spanned four decades .
Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Gazi ( Arabic-مُحَمَّد إِبنُ أَحمَد إِبن غَازِي ) ( circa 1437 -- 1513 ) was a prominent mathematician from the Maghreb .
Sir Thomas Williams , 1st Baronet ( c. 1621 - 1712 ) was an English medical doctor and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1675 to 1679 .
Johan , or Jan Lagoor ( 1620 -- 1660 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Yolande Harmer ( full name : Yolande Gabbai and then Yolande de - Botton ) ( 1913 - -1959 ) ( Hebrew name Yolande Har - Mor ) ( Hebrew : יולנדה הארמר‎ ) maiden name ) was an Israeli intelligence officer who operated in Egypt in 1948 .
William Vaux , 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden ( before 14 August 1535 -- 20 August 1595 ) was an English peer .
Habib Painter or Habeeb Painter ( 1915 - February 22 , 1987 ) was a noted Indian Qawwal and a folk singer .
Tong Guan ( 1054 - -1126 ) , courtesy name Daofu ( 道夫 ) , was a court eunuch , military general , political adviser , and Council of State to Emperor Huizong in the Song Dynasty .
Saluva Narasimha Deva Raya ( r. 1486 - -1491 CE ) ( or Saluva Narasimha , Saluva Narasimha I ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Saluva Dynasty .
Colin McWilliam ( 1928 - -1989 ) was a British architecture academic and author .
Joseph Beldam ( 26 December 1795 -- 6 June 1866 ) was an English writer , historian and advocate of the abolition of slavery .
Ray Perry ( February 25 , 1915 -- 1950 ) was an American jazz violinist and saxophonist .
Paul Foelsche , ISO ( 30 March 1831 -- 31 January 1914 ) was a South Australian police officer and photographer born in Germany , remembered for his work in the Northern Territory of Australia from 1870 to 1904 .
John Wolley ( 13 May 1823 -- 20 November 1859 ) was an English naturalist best known for his large collection of bird eggs and studies on the dodo and great auk .
Philip Joseph , Prince of Salm - Kyrburg ( 1709 - -1779 ) was the first prince of Salm - Kyrburg , from 1743 to 1779 .
Gordon Bowman ( 10 February 1927 -- 23 September 2013 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rochus Gliese ( 6 January 1891 -- 22 December 1978 ) was a German actor , director , production designer , and Academy Award - nominated art director of early films from the 1910s and 1920s .
Léopold Louis - Dreyfus ( 5 March 1833 - 9 April 1915 ) was a French businessman , founder of the Louis Dreyfus Group and patriarch of the Louis - Dreyfus family .
John Wycliffe Lowes Forster ( 31 December 1850 -- 24 April 1938 ) was a Canadian artist specializing in portraits , particularly those relating to Canadian history .
Tommy Potts ( 1912 - -1988 ) was an Irish fiddle player and composer from Dublin who gained iconic status in traditional Irish music circles for his virtuoso musicianship .
Homa Nategh ( 1935 -- 1 January 2016 ) was an Iranian historian , Professor of History at Tehran University .
Jacqueline Mazéas ( 10 October 1920 -- 9 July 2012 ) was a French athlete who competed mainly in the discus event .
Milan Nedić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Недић ; 2 September 1878 -- 4 February 1946 ) was a Serbian Nazi collaborator , general and politician .
Thomas Hubbard Sumner ( 20 March 1807 -- 9 March 1876 ) was a sea captain during the 19th century .
John Lovelace , 3rd Baron Lovelace ( 1641 -- 27 September 1693 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1670 when he inherited the peerage as Baron Lovelace .
Carlo II Tocco ( died 1448 ) was the ruler of Epirus from 1429 until his death .
Herbert Lee Waters ( 1902 - -1997 ) was an American photographer and filmmaker .
Thomas O'Connor ( born Dublin , Ireland ; died 30 June 1987 ) , also known as Tommy O'Connor or Tom O'Connor , was an Irish footballer who played for Shamrock Rovers .
Vincenzo dal Prato ( 1756 - -1828 ) was an Italian castrato singer , famous for his work with Mozart .
Erminie Wheeler - Voegelin ( 2 April 1903 -- 10 July 1988 ) was an anthropologist , folklorist , and ethnohistorian .
Sixto Adalberto Tejeda Olivares ( born 28 March 1883 in Chicontepec de Tejeda , Veracruz -- died 8 September 1960 ) was a Mexican politician , who served two terms ( 1920 - -1924 and 1928 - -1932 ) as Governor of Veracruz .
Karl Klindworth ( 25 September 1830 -- 27 July 1916 ) was a German composer , pianist , conductor , violinist and music publisher .
Sng Boh Khim ( 5 February 1950 -- 29 August 2006 ) was a Singaporean poet , particularly notable in the 1970s .
Muriel Angelus ( 10 March 1912 -- 26 June 2004 ) was an English stage , musical theatre and film actress .
Johan Willem Emile Louis Hilgers ( 19 December 1886 -- 21 July 1945 ) , more commonly known as Jan Hilgers or John Hilgers , was an Indo ( Eurasian ) aviator and one of the leading pioneers of Dutch aviation .
Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein ( Maria Theresia Anna Felicitas ; 11 May 1694 -- 20 February 1772 ) was the heiress to the Silesian Duchy of Troppau ( now Opava in Czech Republic ) .
After a brief illness , Dwarkanath Tagore died `` at the peak of his fortune '' on the evening of Saturday 1 August 1846 at the St. George 's Hotel in London during a tremendous thunderstorm the likes of which had not been seen for many years past .
Alvin Clarence Thomas ( November 30 , 1893 -- May 19 , 1974 ) was an American gambler , golfer and hustler better known as Titanic Thompson .
Iacopo VI Appiani ( 1539 -- 15 May 1585 ) was the lord of Piombino from 1545 until his death , although he was expelled from his state between 1548 and 1557 .
Maria Graham ( 19 July 1785 -- 21 November 1842 ) , later Maria , Lady Callcott , was a British writer of travel books and children 's books , and also an accomplished illustrator .
John Foulston ( 1772 -- 30 December 1841 ) was an English architect who was a pupil of Thomas Hardwick and set up a practice in London in 1796 .
Kenneth George Hall , AO , OBE ( 22 February 1901 -- 8 February 1994 ) , better known as Ken G. Hall , was an Australian film producer director , considered one of the most important figures in the history of the Australian film industry .
Maharaja Jhanda Singh Dhillon ( died 1774 ) was a famous royal Sikh warrior of the late 18th century .
Gabriele Manfredi ( 25 March 1681 -- 13 October 1761 ) was an Italian mathematician who undertook important work in the field of calculus .
Bhakta Bir Singh Tuladhar ( Devanagari : भक्तवीरसिंह तुलाधर ) ( 1912 - 1989 ) was a Nepalese merchant and philanthropist .
Rev Henry Hickman ( 1629 - 1692 ) was an English ejected minister and controversialist , and some time pastor of the English church at Leyden .
George Featherstone ( 5 June 1889 -- 1 January 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Miguel de Bonilla y Laya - Bolívar ( 1763 - -1826 ) was a Costa Rican Roman Catholic priest and politician .
William Prout FRS ( 15 January 1785 -- 9 April 1850 ) was an English chemist , physician , and natural theologian .
Milica Branković ( died 1464 ) was the first wife of Leonardo III Tocco , whom she married on 1 May 1463 .
Reece Winstone FRPS ( 1909 - -1991 ) was an English photographer from Bristol .
William Exmew , O.Cart . , ( died Tyburn , 19 June 1535 ) was an English Catholic priest and Carthusian hermit .
Harmesh Malhotra ( 14 June 1936 -- 22 November 2005 ) was an Indian film director , producer & screenplay writer .
Uroš Knežević ( 2 January 1811 -- 21 October 1876 ) ( Урош Кнежевић ) was a Serbian painter .
Emīlija Gudriniece ( Russian : Эмилия Юлиановна Гудриниеце ; 3 August 1920 -- 4 October 2004 ) was a Latvian chemist who specialized in organic synthesis .
Arnold Wienholt ( 25 November 1877 -- 10 September 1940 ) was an Australian grazier , author and politician .
Doug Dench ( 29 January 1930 -- 19 August 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Johann Georg von Werdenstein ( 1542 - -1608 ) , canon of Augsburg and Eichstätt , was the owner of a very substantial library consisting of tens of thousands of books .
Berke Khan ( died 1266 ) ( also Birkai ; Mongolian : Бэрх хаан , Tatar : Бәркә хан ) was the ruler of the Golden Horde ( division of the Mongol Empire ) who effectively consolidated the power of the Blue Horde and White Hordes from 1257 to 1266 .
Gustave Loehr ( 1864 - -1918 ) was one of the four founders of Rotary International , one of the premier service organizations of the world .
George William Lockhart ( real name Locker , 1849 - 24 January 1904 ) was a Victorian era elephant trainer .
Viola Tree ( 17 July 1884 -- 15 November 1938 ) was an English actress , singer , playwright and author .
Lord Charles Arthur Francis Cavendish ( 5 August 1905 -- 23 March 1944 ) was the second son of Victor Cavendish , 9th Duke of Devonshire and his wife Lady Evelyn Emily Mary Petty - FitzMaurice .
Hugo Conrad von Hötzendorf ( c.1807 , Darda ( ? ) - 28 February 1869 , Osijek ) was a Croatian painter and art instructor of German ancestry .
Gopal Raju ( 3 January 1928 -- 10 April 2008 ) was an Indian - born American publisher , editor , journalist , businessman and philanthropist .
Ong Eng Guan ( Chinese : 王永元 ; pinyin : Wáng Yǒngyuán ; b. 1925 , Malacca , Malaya -- d . 2008 ) was a Singaporean politician .
Natan Ilyich Zabara ( 1908 - 1975 ) was a Jewish writer born in Rogachev , a shtetl located in the Zhytomyr area of Ukraine .
James Riker ( New York City , May 11 , 1822 -- 1889 ) was a New York historian and genealogist .
John George Will ( died on 25 March 1917 , aged 24 ) was a Scottish rugby union player .
Herman V , Margrave of Baden - Baden ( c. 1180 -- 16 January 1243 ) ruled Verona and Baden from 1190 until his death .
Patrick Moylett ( 1878 - -1973 ) was a 20th - century Irish nationalist who , during the initial armistice negotiations to end the Irish War of Independence , briefly served as president of the Irish Republican Brotherhood during late-1920 .
Thomas Shillington ( 9 May 1835 - -24 January 1925 ) was an Irish factory owner and politician .
George Mason Graham ( 21 August 1807 -- 31 January 1891 ) , often called the `` Father of LSU , '' was the first Chairman of the board of trustees of the Louisiana State Seminary of Learning , the forerunner of Louisiana State University .
Charlie Gaudion ( 14 April 1904 -- 10 October 1979 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Henry Noll ( 1871 - -1925 ) was a resident of Bethlehem , Pennsylvania made famous in a ( fictionalized and error - riddled ) anecdote used by Frederick Winslow Taylor to illustrate his theories of scientific management .
Sergeant Howard Eugene Beagle ( 31 January 1946 in Glens Falls , New York -- 11 April 1967 ) was a medical corpsman who served in the Vietnam War .
Dr. Jean Deleage Ph.D. ( 1940 - -2011 ) was an early venture capital investor responsible for the founding or co - founding of three notable venture capital firms since 1971 :
Cathassach mac Lurgain ( or Cathassach mac Fíachnai ) ( died 668 ) was a Dal nAraide king of the Cruithne in Ulaid ( Ulster ) .
Varqá ( Arabic : ورقا‎ , born Mírzá ` Alí - Muhammad ( Persian : ميرزا علي محمد‎‎ ) ; died 1896 ) was an eminent follower of Bahá'u'lláh , the founder of the Bahá'í Faith .
Alberto Terrones ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈβerto teˈrones ) ; 1894 -- 1957 ) was an Argentine film and theater actor , with an extense filmography .
Robert Raynolds McMath ( 1891 - 1962 ) was a U.S. solar astronomer .
David Barclay of Cheapside ( 1682 - -1769 ) was a Scottish merchant and banker .
Benjamin Furly ( 1636 - -1714 ) was an English Quaker merchant and friend of John Locke .
Elimar Klebs ( 15 October 1852 -- 16 May 1918 ) was a German historian of ancient history .
Lionel Wafer ( 1640 - -1705 ) was a Welsh explorer , buccaneer and privateer .
William Paulet Carey ( 1759 - -21 May 1839 ) was an Irish art critic and publicist , known also as an engraver and dealer .
James Wollaston ( 1873 -- December 1918 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath .
Frans Hendrik Odendaal ( 1898 - -1966 ) ( known as Fox Odendaal ) was a South African politician , governor of the Transvaal province , best remembered for heading the commission that became known by his last name .
Flight Lieutenant `` Wally '' Henry Wallace McLeod DSO , DFC and Bar RCAF ( 17 December 1915 -- 27 September 1944 ) was a Canadian who flew for the RCAF as a fighter pilot during the Second World War .
Ruth Elfriede Hildner ( 1 November 1919 -- 2 May 1947 ) was a guard at several Nazi concentration camps during World War II . Hildner was conscripted into camp service in July 1944 , arriving at Ravensbrück concentration camp to be trained as a camp matron .
Paddy Scanlan ( 6 September 1896 -- 1 January 1977 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached South Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Abul - Ḥasan Bahmanyār ibn Marzubān Salari ' Ajamī Aḍarbāyijānī , known as Bahmanyār ( died 1067 ) from sallarid dynasty , was a famous pupil of Avicenna .
Edward Ermatinger ( February 1797 -- October 1876 ) was a Canadian fur trader , businessman and political figure .
Sir Edward Seymour Hicks ( 30 January 1871 -- 6 April 1949 ) , better known as Seymour Hicks , was a British actor , music hall performer , playwright , screenwriter , actor - manager and producer .
Essad Pasha Toptani or Esad Pasha Toptani ( Albanian : Esad Pashë Toptani ; c. 1863 -- 13 June 1920 ) , primarily known as Essad Pasha , was an Ottoman army officer who served as Albanian deputy in the Ottoman parliament .
Marcel Auguste Denise ( February 3 , 1906 -- 1991 ) was a `` President of the provisional government '' of Côte d'Ivoire during the colonial and autonomous period .
Sir Alexander Cunningham KCIE CSI ( 23 January 1814 -- 28 November 1893 ) was a British army engineer with the Bengal Engineer Group who later took an interest in the history and archaeology of India which led to his appointment in 1861 to the newly created position of archaeological surveyor to the government of India .
Shlomo Hestrin ( Hebrew שלמה הסטרין ; born 1914 ; died 2 February 1962 ) was an Israeli biochemist .
Thomas Embling ( 26 August 1814 -- 17 January 1893 ) was a doctor from the United Kingdom who took an interest in the humane treatment of inmates in asylums before emigrating to Melbourne , Australia where he set about reforming the Yarra Bend Asylum .
Eric Percival `` Percy '' Trewern ( 1895 - 1959 ) was an architect who was known professionally as E. P. Trewern .
Sir John Puckering ( 1544 in Flamborough , Yorkshire -- 30 April 1596 ) was a lawyer , politician , Speaker of the English House of Commons , and Lord Keeper from 1592 until his death .
Sumati Kshetramade ( Devanagari : सुमती क्षेत्रमाडे ) ( 7 March 1913 -- 1997 ) was an India Marathi writer from Maharashtra .
Ren Bishi ( simplified Chinese : 任弼时 ; traditional Chinese : 任弼時 ; pinyin : Rén Bìshí ; 30 April 1904 -- 27 October 1950 ) was a military and political leader in the early Chinese Communist Party .
Thomas Walkington ( died 1621 ) was an English cleric and author .
Sir Thomas Wilkes ( c.1545 -- 2 March 1598 ( N.S in Rouen ) ) was an English civil servant and diplomat during the reign of Elizabeth I of England .
Walter Colman ( 1600 - -1645 ) was an English Franciscan friar .
Alexander Mavrocordatos ( Greek : Ἀλέξανδρος Μαυροκορδάτος ; 1636 -- 23 December 1709 ) was a member of the Greek Mavrocordatos family , a doctor of philosophy and medicine of the University of Bologna , and dragoman to Sultan Mehmed IV in 1673 -- notably employed in negotiations with the Habsburg Monarchy during the Great Turkish War .
Perctarit ( also Berthari ) ( died 688 ) was king of the Lombards from 661 to 662 the first time and later from 671 to 688 .
Sir George Hare Philipson , M.D. , F.R.C.P. ( 18 May 1836 -- 24 January 1918 ) was an English physician knighted in 1900 .
Mulla Mahmud Jaunpuri ( 1606 - -1651 ) was an important Indian natural philosopher and astronomer of the 16th century .
Charles Warren Greene ( 1840 -- 1920 ) was an American journalist and author , born in Belchertown , Massachusetts .
Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy , 1st Baronet ( 15 July 1783 -- 14 April 1859 ) , also spelt Jeejeebhoy or Jeejebhoy , was a Parsi - Indian merchant and philanthropist .
George Procter Hawtrey ( 1847 - -1910 ) was a British actor , playwright and pageantmaster .
Joan Bocher ( died 2 May 1550 Smithfield , London ) was an English Anabaptist burned at the stake for heresy .
Eva Heinitz ( 1907 - -2001 ) was a German musician , best known as a cellist but also highly acclaimed for her recordings on the viola da gamba .
Abdu al - Hamuli ( 1836 -- May 12 , 1901 ) ( Arabic : عبده الحامولي‎ ) was an Egyptian musician .
John Blakiston - Houston DL JP ( 11 September 1829 -- 27 February 1920 ) was an Irish Member of parliament .
Bob de Moor is the pen name of Robert Frans Marie De Moor ( 20 December 1925 -- 26 August 1992 ) , a Belgian comics creator .
Stan Paterson died on 8 October 2013 , at Campbell River , Vancouver Island , Canada .
Michael Clements ( died 1796 ? ) was a captain in the Royal Navy .
Jeffery Ekins D.D. ( died 1791 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Carlisle Cathedral from 1782 .
David Paltenghi ( 1919 - 4 February 1961 ) was a British ballet dancer , choreographer , director and film director .
Ganesh Lal Shrestha ( Devanagari : गणेशलाल श्रेष्ठ ) ( July 1911 -- 24 July 1985 ) was a Nepalese poet , musician and social worker .
Luc Melua ( French : Luc Méloua , Georgian : ლუკა მელუა ; 27 December 1936 -- 17 December 2010 ) was a French motorist and journalist .
Henry Peters ( c. 1763 -- 21 December 1827 ) was the Member of Parliament for Oxford from May 1796 to 1802 .
Constantijn à Renesse ( 1626 -- 1680 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter and pupil of Rembrandt .
Josephine Phelan ( 1905 - -1979 ) , Canadian writer and librarian , won the Governor General 's Award for English - language non - fiction in 1951 for The Ardent Exile , a biography of Thomas D'Arcy McGee .
Abibatu Mogaji , MFR , OON ( October 1917 - -June 2013 ) was a Nigerian Business magnate and the President - General , Association of Nigerian Market Women and Men .
Claudius Silvanus ( died 7 September 355 ) was a Roman general of Frankish descent , usurper in Gaul against Emperor Constantius II for 28 days in AD 355 .
Léon Bollack ( 1859 -- 1925 ) was a rich French trader who created The Blue Language or Bolak in 1899 .
Riccardo Morandi ( 1 September 1902 -- 25 December 1989 ) was an Italian civil engineer best known for his interesting use of reinforced concrete .
James Curtis Booth ( 28 July 1810 -- 21 March 1888 ) was a United States chemist who was the melter and refiner at the U.S. Mint in Philadelphia for many years .
Yannick Andréi ( 18 February 1927 - -28 December 1987 ) was the alias of French film director and screenwriter Jean Antione Andréi .
Edward Emily ( 1617 - -1657 ) was an English physician and the first Harveian orator .
Paresh Lal Roy ( Bengali : পরেশলাল রায় ) ( 20 December 1893 -- 30 December 1979 ) was an Indian amateur boxer , credited with popularising the sport among Indians .
George Breinton ( fl . 1413 - 1425 ) was an English politician .
Sir Joseph Leigh ( 1841 - 22 September 1908 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician and Cotton spinner .
Maha - Mandalaswara Birud - antembara - ganda Srimad Rajadhiraja Raja Paramaswara Apratima - vira Kathariya - salva Vairi - gaja - ganda - bherunda Raja Shri Bettada Chamaraja Wodeyar VI ( 21 April 1603 - 2 May 1637 ) or Chamaraja Wodeyar VI , was the Raja of Mysore ( r. 1617 - 1637 ) .
Chan Shu - woon ( 1921 -- 2004 ) was an educator in China , Hong Kong and the United States .
John Neville , 4th Baron Latimer ( 1520 -- 22 April 1577 ) was an English peer , and the stepson of Katherine Parr , later the sixth wife of King Henry VIII .
Alfred Pal ( 30 November 1920 -- 30 June 2010 ) was Croatian painter and graphic designer .
Albert Aernoult ( 19 October 1886 -- 2 July 1909 ) was a French ditch digger .
Satyendra Coomaraswamy ( 1920 -- 15 January 1988 ) was a Sri Lankan first - class cricketer prior to his country being granted Test status .
George Hay Forbes ( 1821 - -1875 ) was a priest of the Scottish Episcopal Church and the brother of Alexander Penrose Forbes , Bishop of Brechin .
Clément Haentjens ( born 30 May 1847 - 16 January 1923 ) , is a Haitian diplomat and politician .
Edward Topsell ( circa 1572 -- 1625 ) was an English cleric and author best remembered for his bestiary .
Guido Seborga , pseudonym of Guido Hess ( Torino , 10 October 1909 -- Torino , 13 February 1990 ) , was an Italian journalist , poet , painter and writer .
William St Julien Arabin ( 1773 - -1841 ) was a British jurist who served as the United Kingdom Judge Advocate General for a three - and - a - half - month period ( 6 November 1838 -- 21 February 1839 ) .
John A. Moaney , Jr. ( 1914 - 1978 ) was born in Easton , Maryland .
Anne Anjaiah ( 1905 - -1975 ) was an Indian freedom fighter and politician from the state of Andhra Pradesh .
Ian Aston ( 14 October 1938 -- 10 November 1988 ) was an Australian rules football player in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dr Hanan Rubin ( Hebrew : חנן רובין‎ , born Hans Rubin on 10 August 1908 , died 24 October 1962 ) was a German - born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1962 .
Leonid Zhdanov ( Russian : Леонид Жданов ) ( 1927 - 2009 ) was a Russian dancer and photographer .
Alfred Mitchell - Innes ( 30 June 1864 -- 13 February 1950 ) was a British diplomat , economist and author .
Ralph Venning ( c. 1621 -- 10 March 1673 or 1674 ) was an English nonconformist Christian .
Anthony Dopping ( Dublin , 1675 - -1743 ) was the Anglican Bishop of Ossory .
Daniel G. C. Wu ( 1883 - -1956 ) , an Episcopal priest , became a leader among Chinese - Americans , especially in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Lafayette Head ( 9 April 1825 -- 8 March 1897 ) was the first Lieutenant Governor of Colorado , serving from 1876 to 1879 under Governor John Long Routt .
Alberto da Veiga Guignard ( 25 February 1896 -- 25 June 1962 ) was a Brazilian painter , known by painting the landscapes of Minas Gerais .
Margaret Calderwood ( 1715 -- 1774 ) was a British diarist just after the Jacobite uprising in 1745 .
Karl Gerland ( 14 July 1905 , Gottsbüren -- 21 April 1945 ) was a Nazi Gauleiter of Kurhessen .
Hewitt Pantaleoni ( 1929 - -1988 ) was a twentieth - century ethnomusicologist , best known for his work on African music .
Margaret Polley ( died 1555 ) was an English Protestant martyr from Popingberry , Rochester , Kent .
Joshua Thomas ( 1719 - -1797 ) was a Welsh writer and Particular Baptist minister , known for his history of Welsh Baptists .
Alfred Ainger ( 9 February 1837 -- 8 February 1904 ) was an English biographer and critic .
Garret Wesley ( circa 1665 -- 28 September 1728 ) was an Irish Member of Parliament .
Prince Heinrich XV of Reuss - Plauen , Viceroy of Lombardy - Venetia ( 22 February 1751 -- 30 August 1825 ) was the fourth of six sons born into a high - ranking noble family .
Barry Flanagan RA OBE ( 11 January 1941 -- 31 August 2009 ) was a Welsh sculptor .
Pierre André Marie Raymond Rollinat ( 2 September 1859 , Saint - Gaultier - 27 December 1931 ) was a French herpetologist .
Nicolas Talon ( 31 August 1605 -- 29 March 1691 ) was a French Jesuit , historian , and ascetical writer .
Admiral of the Fleet George Anson , 1st Baron Anson , PC FRS ( 23 April 1697 -- 6 June 1762 ) , was a Royal Navy officer .
Denis Horgan ( 18 May 1871 -- 2 June 1922 ) was a champion Irish athlete and weight thrower , born in Banteer , County Cork , who competed mainly in the shot put .
John Orrok ( c1779 - 1838 ) was a junior British army officer in the late 18th century and early 19th century .
Władysław Mackiewicz ( 21 December 1903 -- 19 May 1963 ) was a Polish Cavalry Captain ( rotmistrz ) in the 15th Uhlan Regiment and a recipient of the Virtuti Militari , Poland 's highest decoration .
Samuel Fothergill ( 1715 - -1772 ) , was a Quaker minister .
Baltasar de Quiñones ( died 1798 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1777 to 1798 .
Ann Charlotte Bartholomew ( 1800 - -1862 ) , was an English flower and miniature painter , and author .
Petty Officer Patrick Keohane ( 1879 - -1950 ) was an Irish member of Robert Falcon Scott 's Antarctic expedition of 1910 - -1913 , the Terra Nova Expedition .
Elizabeth Somerset , Duchess of Beaufort ( née Berkeley ; c. 1713 -- 9 April 1799 ) was born in Stoke Gifford in Gloucestershire to John Symes Berkeley and Elizabeth Norborne .
Peter Illing ( 4 March 1899 -- 29 October 1966 ) was an Austrian born , British film and television actor .
Hansraj Behl ( 19 November 1916 -- 1984 ) was an Indian music composer , who composed music for Hindi and Punjabi films .
James Pytts ( c1627 - 1686 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1686 .
Ciriaco Rocci ( 1581 - 25 September 1651 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and papal nuncio to Switzerland , Austria and Cologne .
Khin Myo Chit ( Burmese : ခင်မျိုးချစ် , pronounced : ( kʰɪ̀ɴ mjó tɕʰɪʔ ) ; 1 May 1915 -- 2 January 1999 ) was a Burmese author and journalist , whose career spanned over four decades .
Claude Hobday ( b. Faversham , Kent 12 May 1872 ; d. Surbiton , 10 March 1954 ) was an English double - bass player , a member of a well - known musical family , who took part in various early chamber - music recordings .
Maxie McFarland died on 8 November 2013 and is buried at Arlington Cemetery .
Count Imre Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈimrɛ ˈzitʃi ) ; Hungarian : Zichy Imre ; 22 July 1909 -- 28 September 1999 ) was a Hungarian left - handed amateur tennis player , count and inventor .
Gunnar Dyrberg ( 12 November 1921 Faaborg -- 8 January 2012 ) was a member of the Danish resistance movement during World War II , leading the Holger Danske , a Danish resistance group in the capital Copenhagen , from 1943 to 1945 .
Abu Salih Mansur ( died 915 ) was a Samanid prince , who served as governor during the reign of his uncle Isma'il ibn Ahmad , his cousin Ahmad Samani , and Nasr II .
Sir Arthur Atye or Atey ( died 1604 ) was an English academic and politician .
Richard Cosin ( died 1596 ) was an English jurist .
Bernard Hedges ( 10 November 1927 -- 8 February 2014 ) was a Welsh cricketer who played for Glamorgan , making his first - class debut in 1950 and playing his last match in 1967 .
Thomas Spofforth , born 1743 and died on 16 May 1826 , was an English Organist .
Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay ( 3 April 1903 -- 29 October 1988 ) was an Indian social reformer and freedom fighter .
Henry Dillon , 8th Viscount Dillon ( died 1713 ) was Lord Lieutenant of Roscommon .
Esther Sandoval ( 28 December 1927 -- 6 February 2006 ) was an actress and a pioneer in Puerto Rico 's television .
Mary Anna Needell ( née Lupton , 1830 - -1922 ) , was a popular English novelist , who usually wrote as Mrs. J. H. Needell .
Kanken Tōyama ( 遠山寛賢 Tōyama Kanken , 24 September 1888 -- 24 November 1966 ) was a Japanese schoolteacher and karate master , who developed the foundation for the Shūdōkan karate style .
Peter Pond ( January 18 , 1739 or 1740 -- 1807 ) was a soldier with a Connecticut regiment , a fur trader , a founding member of the North West Company and the Beaver Club , an explorer and a cartographer .
Jacob Sonderling ( 19 October 1878 -- 30 September 1964 ) was a German and American Rabbi .
M. K. Rocksamy ( 1932 - -1988 ) was a prolific Sri Lankan musician and music director .
Violet Florence Martin ( 11 June 1862 -- 21 December 1915 ) was an Irish author who co - wrote a series of novels with cousin Edith Somerville under the pen name of Martin Ross in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Sextus Miskow ( 3 February 1857 in Nyborg -- 24 November 1928 ) was a Danish singer , composer and music critic .
Thomas Beard ( died 1632 ) was an English clergyman and theologian , of Puritan views .
Lejaren Hiller , Sr./Lejaren à Hiller / John Hiller ( 1880 - 1969 ) , was an accomplished American illustrator and photographer .
Beaumont Brenan ( died 1761 ) was an Irish poet and playwright .
Paul Laymann ( 1574 -- 13 November 1635 or 1632 ) was an Austrian Jesuit and important moralist .
Edward Arden ( c. 1542 - -1583 ) was an English nobleman and head of the Arden family , who became a Catholic martyr .
Harinath De ( 1877 - -1911 ) , was an Indian historian , scholar and a polyglot , who later became the first Indian librarian of the National Library of India ( then Imperial Library ) from 1907 to 1911 .
Marcus Fronius ( 1659 -- 14 April 1713 ) was a Lutheran theologian , pedagogue , and author whose published works covered topics such as theology , metaphysics , and humoural physiology .
Peter Arne ( born Peter Randolph Michael Albrecht , 29 September 1918 -- 1 August 1983 ) was a British character actor best known for various performances in British film and television .
T. S. Law ( Thomas Sturdy Law , 31 October 1916 -- 12 May 1997 ) was a Scottish poet whose work was published throughout the latter half of the 20th Century .
John Guillim ( c. 1565 -- 7 May 1621 ) of Minsterworth , Gloucestershire , was an antiquarian and officer of arms at the College of Arms in London .
Éamonn Ceannt ( 21 September 1881 -- 8 May 1916 ) , born Edward Thomas Kent , was an Irish republican , mostly known for his role in the Easter Rising of 1916 .
Hermann Lutz ( 1881 - 1965 ) was a German civil servant and writer .
William John Ansell ( 4 August 1921 -- 22 April 2008 ) , more commonly known as Jack Ansell , was an English footballer who played for Bletchley Brick Works , Northampton Town and Oxford United .
Korrie Layun Rampan ( 17 August 1953 -- 19 November 2015 ) was an Indonesian novelist , short story writer , poet , literary critic , journalist , and politician .
Maithripala Senanayake ( 7 July 1916 -- 12 July 1998 ) was a Sri Lankan politician and Governor of the North - Central province .
Giuseppe Fiorini ( 1861 - -1934 ) was an Italian luthier and is considered one of the most important Italian violin makers .
Emperor Shun of Han ( simplified Chinese : 汉顺帝 ; traditional Chinese : 漢順帝 ; pinyin : Hàn Shùn Dì ; Wade -- Giles : Han Shun - ti ; 115 - -144 ) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty and the seventh emperor of the Eastern Han .
Haniji ( 怕尼芝 ) , sometimes spelled Haneji , was the founder of the Okinawan kingdom of Hokuzan , which he ruled from roughly 1322 to 1395 .
Pip Harris ( 6 August 1927 - 22 February 2013 ) , born Peter Valentine Harris , was a British motorcycle racer in the sidecar class .
Eleanor Hilowitz ( 1913 - -2007 ) was an abstract expressionist painter and sculpture who was active in New York City and Rome .
Thomas Eyre Lambert ( 25 April 1820 -- 1919 ) was an Irish soldier and landlord .
Phelan Beale , Jr. ( 16 June 1920 -- 26 June 1993 ) was an American journalist and unemployment compensation law expert .
Basil Wright ( 12 June 1907 , Sutton , Surrey -- 14 October 1987 , Frieth , Buckinghamshire , England ) was a documentary filmmaker , film historian , film critic and teacher .
Constance Vella ( 1687 - -1759 ) was a major Maltese mediaeval philosopher who specialised mainly in physics , logic , cosmology , and metaphysics .
Romilly Lisle Holdsworth , commonly known as R. L. Holdsworth , ( 25 February 1899 -- 20 June 1976 ) was a British scholar , academic , educationalist , cricketer and a distinguished Himalayan mountaineer .
Queenie Leighton ( 18 July 1874 -- 19 November 1943 ) was a British music hall star of the Edwardian era .
Alexander Eduard Friedrich Eversmann ( 23 January 1794 -- 14 April 1860 ) was a biologist and explorer .
Dorothy Savile , Viscountess Halifax ( née Spencer ) ( 1640 -- 16 December 1670 ) was the first wife of George Savile , 1st Viscount Halifax and the daughter of Henry Spencer , 1st Earl of Sunderland .
Lord Arthur Chichester ( 30 September 1808 -- 25 January 1840 ) , was an Anglo - Irish Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Maria Cattarina Locatelli ( or Lucatelli ; died 1723 ) was an Italian painter .
Adolph Ernst ( April 7 , 1887 - -November 10 , 1966 ) , better known for his ring name Ad Santel , was an American professional wrestler , considered one of the greatest practitioners of catch wrestling ever .
Stanley Chapman ( 15 September 1925 -- 26 May 2009 ) was a British architect , designer , translator and writer .
Martanda Cinkaiariyan ( Tamil : மார்த்தாண்ட சிங்கையாரியன் ) ( died 1348 ) ascended the throne of Jaffna Kingdom under the throne name Pararasasekaram III . He is one of the early Aryacakravarti kings about whom historical and epigraphical evidence is available .
Felix Bowness ( 30 March 1922 -- 13 September 2009 ) was an English comedy actor best remembered for his portrayal of the jockey Fred Quilley in the BBC sitcom Hi - de - Hi!.
Gabriel Druillettes ( Dreuillettes , Drouillettes , Drouillet , Droulletes , Drueillettes , Druilletes ) ( 29 September 1610 -- 8 April 1681 ) was born in France and became a Jesuit priest .
George I , Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont ( German : Georg Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont ; 6 May 1747 -- 9 September 1813 ) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1812 to 1813 .
Wilhelm Junker ( Russian : Василий Васильевич Юнкер ; 6 April 1840 - 13 February 1892 ) was a Russian explorer of Africa .
Matthias van den Gheyn ( Dutch : Matthijs Vanden Gheyn or Ghein ; 7 April 1721 -- 22 June 1785 ) was a Flemish composer from a family of famous bell - founders .
Mark Perakh ( Russian : Марк Пэрах ; born Mark Yakovlevich Popereka in 1924 , Kiev , Ukraine , died 7 May 2013 in Escondido , California ) , was a professor emeritus of Mathematics and statistical mechanics at California State University , Fullerton in Fullerton , California .
Ernest Masson Anderson FRSE FGS ( 1877 - -1960 ) was a Scottish geologist .
Louis III , Count of Löwenstein ( 17 February 1530 in Vaihingen † 13 March 1611 in Wertheim ) was the ruling Count of Löwenstein - Wertheim from 1571 until his death .
John David Love ( 17 April 1913 -- 23 August 2002 ) was an American field geologist and specialist in Rocky Mountain geology who worked for the United States Geological Survey from 1942 to 1987 .
Stephen Vail ( 1780 - -1864 ) was a founding partner of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia and the creator of the Speedwell Ironworks in Morristown , New Jersey .
Samuel Victor Perry FRS ( 16 July 1918 -- 17 December 2009 ) was an English biochemist who was a pioneer in the field of muscle biochemistry .
Henry Willoughby , 4th Baron Willoughby of Parham ( 1612 - -1617 ) was an English peer of the House of Lords .
Tuoba Luguan ( Chinese : 拓跋祿官 ; pinyin : Tuòbá Lùguān ) ( died 307 ) , chieftain of the Tuoba , from 294 to 307 .
Rafael Hoyos Rubio ( 1924 - -1981 ) was a Peruvian general who held the rank of General of the Army and occupied the post of Commander in Chief of the Peruvian Army from December 5 , 1980 to June 1981 .
Benedetto Ghiglia ( 27 December 1921 - 4 July 2012 ) was an Italian composer , conductor and pianist .
Alan Loy McGinnis ( 10 November 1933 , Friendswood , Texas - 9 January 2005 , Glendale , California ) was an author , Christian psychotherapist , and founder and director of the Valley Counseling Center in Glendale , California , United States .
Hans von Rüte ( d. 23 March 1558 ) was a Bernese dramatist and chronicler of the Swiss Reformation .
Béla Vörösmarty ( 23 April 1844 -- 9 October 1904 ) was a Hungarian jurist and politician , son of poet Mihály Vörösmarty and Laura Csajághy and brother of Ilona Vörösmarty .
Federiko Benković ( 1667 -- 8 July 1753 ) was a prominent late Baroque painter working in Italy .
Helen Clay Frick ( 1888 - -1984 ) was an American philanthropist and art collector .
Frank Ludlow OBE ( 10 August 1885 -- 25 March 1972 ) was an English officer stationed in the British Mission at Lhasa and a naturalist .
Elie Kedourie , CBE , FBA ( 25 January 1926 -- 29 June 1992 , Washington ) was a British historian of the Middle East .
Federico Cerruti ( 1 January 1922 -- 15 July 2015 ) was a reclusive Italian art collector whose collection was described by Artribune as one of the best in Europe .
Henry Fletcher Hance ( 4 Aug 1827 -- 22 June 1886 ) was a British diplomat who devoted his spare time to the study of Chinese plants .
Ēriks Pētersons ( 1909 in Riga , Soviet Union -- 1987 in United States ) was Latvian footballer and hockey player .
Sir John Oldcastle ( died 14 December 1417 ) was an English Lollard leader .
Maria McAuley ( 1847 , US - 19 September 1919 ) , along with her husband Jerry , founded the McAuley Water St Mission in New York City .
Benjamin Franklin Haynes ( 1851 - -1923 ) , usually known as B. F. Haynes , was a Methodist and later Nazarene minister and theologian from Tennessee .
The Reverend Brother Brigant Cassian OBE , FSC ( born 1889 , Brittany , France -- 31 October 1957 , Hong Kong ) was the priest and education worker in Hong Kong .
Kalidas Gupta Riza ( 1925 - -2001 ) was an Indian writer , considered by many as an authority on the writings of the renowned Urdu poet , Mirza Ghalib .
Charles Thurber was a black man lynched in Grand Forks , North Dakota on October 24 , 1882 .
Ernst Philipp Karl Lange ( 21 December 1813 - 20 February 1899 ) was a German novelist who wrote under the pseudonym Philipp Galen .
King Seocheon of Goguryeo ( died 292 , r. 270 - -292 ) was the 13th ruler of Goguryeo , the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Edward Rhodes Carswell ( 1813 -- 1862 ) was a member of the Georgia General Assembly House of Representatives from Jefferson County , Georgia and the father of Confederate States Army Lieutenant Colonel , Georgia militia Brigadier General and Georgia state legislator Reuben Walker Carswell .
Edmund Alexander Parkes ( 29 December 1819 -- 15 March 1876 ) was an English physician , known as a hygienist , particularly in the military context .
Jonathan Apphus ( Hebrew : יונתן הוופסי , Ancient Greek : Ἰωνάθαν Ἀπφοῦς ) was leader of the Hasmonean Dynasty of Judea from 161 to 143 BCE .
John Jewell Penstone ( 1817 - -1902 ) was a portrait and genre artist who worked with paint , but is known mainly for his engravings , and has been associated with the Pre - Raphaelite movement .
Boris Pushkin , Russian Борис Иванович Пушкин ( ca . 1590 - -1659 ) was a Russian diplomat and officeholder .
Anne Caldwell ( née Anne Payson Caldwell ; 30 August 1868 -- 22 October 1936 ) , also known as Anne Caldwell O'Dea , was a prolific playwright and lyricist .
William de St Croix ( born 13 May 1819 at Windsor Castle , Berkshire ; died 18 March 1877 at Glynde , Sussex ) was an English amateur cricketer and clergyman .
Dirkie Uys ( 1823 - 1838 ) was a Voortrekker hero during the Great Trek .
Saint Gorgonius of Nicomedia was a Christian martyr , part of the group Gorgonius , Peter Cubicularius and Dorotheus , who died in 304 AD at Nicomedia during the persecution of Emperor Diocletian .
John Sen Inches Thomson ( 1845 - -1933 ) , was a Scottish whaler and sealer , ship owner , captain and author .
Gamaliel King ( Shelter Island , New York , 1 December 1795 -- 6 December 1875 ) was an American architect who practiced in New York City and the adjacent city of Brooklyn , where he was a major figure in Brooklyn civic and ecclesiastical architecture for several decades .
Swami Bhaskarananda Saraswati ( 1833 - -1899 ) was a noted 19th - century sannyasin and saint of Varanasi , India .
Miao Tien ( Chinese : 苗天 , 6 December 1925 -- 19 February 2005 ) was a Chinese film actor .
Chan Heung ( August 23 , 1806 -- August 20 , 1875 ) was the founder of the Choy Li Fut 蔡李佛 martial arts system .
Count Aladár Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő ( 4 September 1864 -- 16 November 1937 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister besides the King twice : between 1906 - -1910 and during the end of the First World War .
Felix Bloch ( 23 October 1905 -- 10 September 1983 ) was a Swiss physicist , working mainly in the U.S. He and Edward Mills Purcell were awarded the 1952 Nobel Prize for `` their development of new ways and methods for nuclear magnetic precision measurements . ''
Edward Bligh , 2nd Earl of Darnley ( 9 November 1715 -- 22 July 1747 ) was an Irish peer born of an English family who resided in Kent .
Kitty Harris ( May 25 , 1899 -- 1966 ) was a Soviet secret agent and `` long - time special courier of the OGPU - NKVD foreign intelligence during the 1930s and 1940s . ''
Hubert van Es ( 6 July 1941 -- 15 May 2009 ) was a Dutch photographer and photojournalist who took the well - known photo on 29 April 1975 , which shows South Vietnamese civilians scrambling to board a CIA Air America helicopter during the U.S. evacuation of Saigon .
Dr. Anneliese Groscurth ( 1910 - -1996 ) was the wife of Georg Groscurth and a member of the European Union , ( Europäische Union ) an antifascist German resistance group in Berlin , during the Nazi era .
Sir John Chandos , Viscount of Saint - Sauveur in the Cotentin , Constable of Aquitaine , Seneschal of Poitou , KG ( c.1320 -- 31 December 1369 ) was a medieval English knight who hailed from Radbourne Hall , Derbyshire .
Eleanor Albert Bliss ( 1899 - -1987 ) was an American bacteriologist who did pioneering work on antimicrobials , especially regarding the development and use of sulfa drugs .
Alexander Muir ( 5 April 1830 -- 26 June 1906 ) was a Canadian songwriter , poet , soldier , and school headmaster .
Graham Lord ( 16 February 1943 -- 13 June 2015 ) was a British biographer and novelist .
Maurice Auguste Régimbart ( 1852 in Evreux -- 22 September 1907 in Evreux ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera , particularly Dytiscidae , Gyrinidae and Hydrophilidae .
Barbatio ( died AD 359 ) was a Roman general of the infantry under the command of Constantius II . Previously he was a commander of the household troops under Gallus Caesar , but he arrested Gallus under the instruction of Constantius , thereby ensuring his promotion on the death of Claudius Silvanus .
J. C. Ramaswamy ( c. 1928 -- 2 August 1986 ) , known by his screen name Shakti Prasad , was an Indian actor who appeared in Kannada films in mostly villainous roles .
Banzarjavyn Baasanjav ( Mongolian : Банзаржавын Баасанжав ; 1906 - -1940 ) was leader of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party from 1936 to 1940 .
Joseph E. Woodworth ( 1837 - 1889 ) was a ship builder , merchant , and member of the Woodworth political family .
John Napier Burnett ( born 1899 , and died in 1989 ) was an important pioneer of education in British Columbia .
Moshe Levin ( 1897 - -1943 ) , alias ' Batlan ' and ' Elisha ' , was a Jewish socialist .
Theophil Mitchell Prudden ( 1849 - 1924 ) was an American pathologist , born at Middlebury , Connecticut .
General Horace Binney Sargent ( June 26 , 1821 -- 1908 ) was American soldier and politician .
Thomas Cottle , Esq . ( 1761 - -1828 ) was a lawyer on the island of Nevis .
Natan Peled ( Hebrew : נתן פלד‎ , born 3 June 1913 , died 8 January 1992 ) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Immigrant Absorption from 1970 until 1974 .
Nescambious ( c. 1660 - -1727 , many variant spellings , including Escumbuit and Nescambiouit ) , was a Native American leader of the Pequawket tribe of the Abenaki who was knighted by Louis XIV of France in 1706 .
Isaac Rochussen or Isaac Rockesen ( 1631 - -1710 ) was a 17th - century Dutch corsair and privateer during the Second and Third Anglo - Dutch War .
Mattia Bortoloni ( 31 March 1696 -- 1750 ) was an Italian painter of the Rococo period , mainly active in the area of Bergamo and Venice .
Hugh Tootell ( 1671/1672 -- 27 February 1743 ) was an English Catholic historian .
A painter and traveller , Georges Ricard - Cordingley ( 1873 - 1939 ) constantly searched for an original contact with the world of sea .
Franco de Franco ( circa 1585 in Corulani -- June 30 , 1611 in Vilnius ) was an Italian Calvinist who was sentenced to death in the Polish--
George Chippendale ( 18 April 1921 -- 16 February 2010 ) was an Australian botanist and a strong proponent of growing Australian Native plants .
Caroline Kaye Walters ( 1957 -- 12 July 2008 ) , known as Caroline K , was an English singer , songwriter and artist / producer .
Sankarankutti Menon Marath , better known as Menon Marath , ( born in 1906 in Kerala -- died 2 January 2003 ) was an Indo - Anglican novelist who settled in England and spent more than half of his life there .
Archduchess Caroline Ludovika of Austria ( Karoline Ludovika Leopoldine ; 4/9 December 1795 , Hofburg Palace , Vienna , Austria - 30 June 1799 , Hofburg Palace , Vienna , Austria ) was the third daughter and fourth child of Francis II , Holy Roman Emperor and his wife Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily .
Zordun Sabir ( 1937 -- 13 August 1998 ) ( Uyghur : زوردۇن سابىر ) was a popular Uyghur author .
Charles Durang ( 1794 - -1870 ) was an American dancer .
Norman Whitehead ( 1915 - -1983 ) was a landscape painter , working mainly around his hometown Alfreton , Derbyshire .
John Lonyson or Lonison ( 1525 - -1582 ) was an English goldsmith and Master of the Mint in the reign of Elizabeth I. John Lonyson was of Flemish descent , one of a family of goldsmiths established In King 's Lynn , Norfolk .
Gustave Maurice Heckscher ( 15 May 1884 - 1967 ) , was a pioneer aviator with seaplanes .
Sir Thomas Foxley ( c.1305 -- 1360 ) was MP for Berkshire several times in the 14th century , and Constable of Windsor Castle , also in the English county of Berkshire , from 1328 to his death .
Harry Leander Ells ( 1854 - 1943 ) served in the California legislature and was born in Canada .
Mort O'Shea ( 1882 - -1970 ) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full - back for the Cork senior team .
Khun Lo died in 780 and was succeeded by Khun Sung .
Buck Nelson ( April 9 , 1895 -- 1982 ) was an American farmer who claimed to have had an encounter with an unidentified flying object and its human crew in 1954 while living in Missouri .
Mirza Abdul Karim Roushan Tehrani ( 1903 - -1992 ) was an Iranian mystics , philosopher and jurist .
Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess aka Willi Giess ( 21 February 1910 Frankfurt - am - Main - 28 September 2000 Swakopmund ) is noted for having started an official herbarium at Windhoek , his extensive collection of Namibian plants and generally furthering botanical knowledge of the territory .
Vincenzo Sangermano , C.R.S.P. ( 1758 - 1819 ) , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest , of the Barnabite Order , who served as a missionary in Burma from 1783 to 1806 .
James Joseph Meadows ( 1 September 1835 -- 12 December 1914 ) , Protestant Christian missionary to China and one of the first missionaries with the China Inland Mission .
Robert William Buss ( 4 August 1804 -- 26 February 1875 ) was a Victorian artist , etcher and illustrator perhaps best known for his painting Dickens ' Dream .
Tô Vĩnh Diện ( died 1954 ) was a soldier in the Viet Minh during the First Indochina War against France in Vietnam .
Finn Hald ( 8 July 1929 -- 17 October 2010 ) was a Norwegian ceramist , sculptor , illustrator , poet and playwright .
Thomas Annan ( 1829 - -1887 ) was a Scottish photographer , notable for being the first to record the bad housing conditions of the poor .
Constantin Antoniade ( 1880 - -1954 ) was a Romanian jurist , writer , historian , philosopher and diplomat .
George Emlyn Williams , CBE ( 26 November 1905 -- 25 September 1987 ) , known as Emlyn Williams , was a Welsh dramatist and actor .
José de la Cruz Sánchez ( November 8 , 1799 - -1878 ) was the eleventh Alcalde of San Francisco in 1845 .
Pal Dushmani ( died 1457 ) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Leonard Insull ( 1883 - -1974 ) was Britain 's leading ventriloquial figure maker of the twentieth century .
Ludwig Mestler ( 1891 - 1959 ) was an artist in Austria before the Anschluss and then later in the United States .
Renée of Bourbon , Duchess of Lorraine also called , Renée , Lady of Mercœur , ( 1494 -- 26 May 1539 ) , was a Duchess consort of Lorraine .
Ansgar Elde ( 27 November 1933 -- 4 December 2000 ) was a Swedish artist famous for his work in ceramics .
Not long after the Norwegian fleet left the Hebrides , Gofraid Donn was killed on the Outer Hebridean island of Lewis , in 1231 .
Ferdinand Budicki ( 11 April 1871 -- 25 June 1951 ) was a Croatian pioneer of car , bicycle and airplane culture .
Jack Aranson ( 29 December 1924 -- 3 January 2008 ) was an American actor , trained in Ireland and England , noted for acting in many Shakespeare plays and several one - man shows .
Carl R. Fellers ( 1893 - -1960 ) was an American food scientist and microbiologist who was involved in the pasteurization of dried foods and canning Atlantic blue crab .
Naboth Winsor ( October 5 , 1916 -- June 1997 ) was born to Robert Stewart Winsor and Jane ( Butt ) Winsor , on Winsor 's Island , one of the islands comprising Swain 's Island , Bonavista Bay , Newfoundland .
Edward Henry Whinfield ( 1836 - 1922 ) was a translator of Persian literature .
Adja Yunkers ( 1900 - -1983 ) was an American abstract painter and printmaker .
Tzavalas Karousos ( Greek : Τζαβαλάς Καρούσος ; 8 September 1904 -- 3 January 1969 ) was a Greek actor .
Delino Dexter Calvin ( May 15 , 1798 -- 18 May 1884 ) was a naturalized Canadian citizen , former resident of New England , successful Ontario businessman and political figure .
Thomas Cuming Hall ( born 1858 , died on May 27 , 1936 at Göttingen / Germany ) An American Presbyterian theologian , son of the Rev. John Hall ( 1829 - 98 ) .
Tan Kah Kee or Chen Jiageng ( 21 October 1874 -- 12 August 1961 ) was a Chinese businessman , community leader and philanthropist active in Southeast Asia , Hong Kong , and various Chinese cities such as Shanghai , Xiamen , and Guangzhou .
Jakob Fuchs ( 1 August 1920 -- 3 November 2005 ) was a highly decorated Feldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Hauptfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr .
Gottlieb Christoph Adolf von Harless ( German : von Harleß ; November 21 , 1806 -- September 5 , 1879 ) , was a German Lutheran theologian .
Gérard Barreaux ( 1948 -- 16 October 2010 ) was a French accordionist , composer , and actor .
` Abd ar - Rahman ibn Muhammad ( died 16 June 1825 ) was the Emir of Harar ( 1821 - 1825 ) .
André Jean René Lacrampe ( 17 December 1941 -- 15 May 2015 ) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop Besançon .
Jules Cottin ( 1868 - -1922 ) was a mandolin virtuoso who played in Paris from the 1890s .
Benedict Kisdy ( Hungarian : Benedek Kisdy , Slovak : Benedikt Kishdy ) ( c. 1598 -- 22 June 1660 ) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic bishop in the 17th century .
Edmondo Zacchini ( 27 March 1894 - 3 October 1981 ) was a circus entertainer credited with inventing the human cannonball act as one of the Zacchini Brothers .
Elkanah Kelsey Dare was a New England Methodist minister born 1782 , and died 1826 .
Timoteo Maradona ( 1793 -- 24 August 1863 ) was an Argentine official and priest who played a leading role in San Juan Province in the first half of the nineteenth century .
Millard Gardner ( 1903 - -1989 ) was a noted Texas lawman known as the `` Dry Wolf '' during Prohibition , later being elected Police Chief of Highland Park near Dallas , Texas .
Murakami Yoshikiyo ( 村上 義清 , 1501 -- 1573 ) was a Japanese Samurai from Murakami clan and retainer of the Japanese clan of Uesugi during the Sengoku Period of the 16th century .
Valerie Ganz ( 1936 -- 2015 ) was a Welsh artist , known for her paintings of South Wales coal miners .
John Michael O'Keefe , known as Johnny O'Keefe ( 19 January 1935 -- 6 October 1978 ) , was an Australian rock and roll singer whose career began in the 1950s .
Enrique Bertolino ( 3 November 1912 -- 1997 ) is an Argentine professional golfer .
Zaida Ben - Yusuf ( 21 November 1869 -- 27 September 1933 ) was a New York - based portrait photographer noted for her artistic portraits of wealthy , fashionable , and famous Americans of the turn of the 19th--20th century .
William Oughtred ( 5 March 1574 -- 30 June 1660 ) was an English mathematician and Anglican minister .
Baltazar Kuncz ( 1580 - 1650 ) was a Polish sculptor and woodcarver .
Hu Sheng ( 11 January 1918 -- 5 November 2000 ) was a renowned Chinese Marxist theorist and historian .
The Very Rev. James Henry Leslie Pennell ( 1906 - 1996 ) was Provost of St Andrew 's Cathedral , Inverness from 1949 to 1965 .
Clement Reid FRS ( 6 January 1853 -- 10 December 1916 ) was a British geologist and palaeobotanist .
Tony Reedus ( 22 September 1959 -- 16 November 2008 ) was an American jazz drummer .
Theophilus Gale ( 1628 - -1678 ) was an English educationalist , nonconformist and theologian of dissent .
Justin Huntly McCarthy ( 1859 -- 20 March 1936 ) was an Irish author and nationalist politician .
Gvido Jekals ( 1 July 1904 -- 2 January 1969 ) was a Latvian sprinter and decathlete .
Pietro Vinci ( c. 1525 -- after 14 June 1584 ) was an Italian composer of late Renaissance music .
Frederick Remsen Hutton , M.E. , Sc . D. ( 1853 - -1918 ) was an American mechanical engineer .
Chan Kwok - Hung ( 陳國雄 ) ( c. 1963 -- 17 December 2014 ) was a Hong Kong cinematographer .
Richard Steward or Stewart ( 1593 ? -- 1651 ) was an English royalist churchman , clerk of the closet to Charles I and designated Dean of St. Paul 's and Westminster , though not able to take up his position because of the wartime circumstances .
Horia Demian ( 1942 - 1989 ) was a Romanian basketball player who played for U Cluj ( Ştiinţa Cluj between 1951 - 1965 , currently U Mobitelco Cluj ) from 1960 until 1970 .
Armand Penverne ( 26 November 1926 -- 27 February 2012 ) was a French international defender and coach .
Ella Briggs ( born Ella Baumfeld ; 5 March 1880 -- 20 June 1977 ) was an Austrian architect .
Yusof Rawa ( died 27 April 2000 ) was a Malaysian politician .
Lorenzo di Bicci ( c. 1350 -- 1427 ) was an Italian painter of the Florentine school , traditional in outlook .
Jacques Lebaudy ( 1868 - January 11 , 1919 ) was a Frenchman from a wealthy family of sugar refiners known for his eccentricity and his attempt to establish a new nation , the Empire of the Sahara .
John Stanton Ward CBE ( 10 October 1917 - 13 June 2007 ) was an English portrait artist , landscape painter and illustrator .
Samuel Hoadly ( 1643 - -1705 ) , was a schoolmaster and writer of educational books .
William Llewellyn Thomas ( 6 May 1872 -- 9 January 1943 ) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby for Newport , international rugby for Wales and invitational rugby for the Barbarians .
Jože Babič ( 13 February 1917 -- 10 May 1996 ) was a Slovenian film , theatre and television director .
James Amaziah Whitney ( 30 June 1839 , Rochester , New York - 1907 ) was a United States lawyer and author .
Heinrich von Lichtenau ( 1444 - -1517 ) was Prince - Bishop of Augsburg from 1505 to 1517 .
Maurice II de Craon ( c. 1132 - -1196 ) was Lord of Craon , Governor of Anjou and Maine under Henry II , a military figure and Anglo - Norman of the 12th century .
Allender Steele Adams , known as Allen Adams , ( 16 February 1946 -- 5 September 1990 ) , was a British Labour politician .
Gordon C. Bond ( 1939 - -1997 ) was an American historian who specialized in studies of Napoleon .
Gustav Ludolf Martens ( 20 October 1818 -- 7 January 1882 ) was a German architect and state master builder of Kiel .
Marguerite Sawyer Hill Davis ( died 1948 ) was one of the wealthiest women in the United States in the mid 1900s .
Liu Zhidan ( 4 October 1903 ( many sources give 1902 ) -- 14 April 1936 ) ( Liu Chih - tan ) was a Chinese military commander and Communist leader , who founded the Shaanxi - Gansu - Ningxia Base Area in north - west China , which became the Yan'an Soviet .
Savjibhai Korat ( 6 August 1953 -- 26 November 1998 ) was an Indian politician , a cabinet minister of Gujarat state .
Clara Elsene Peck ( April 18 , 1883 -- February 1968 ) was an American illustrator and painter known for her illustrations of women and children in the early 20th century .
Hugo Meisl ( 16 November 1881 ( Maleschau , Bohemia ) - 17 February 1937 ) , brother of the journalist Willy Meisl , was the multi - lingual football coach of the famous Austrian ' Wunderteam ' of the early 1930s , as well as a referee .
Emile Darl'mat ( 1892 - -1970 ) was the creator and owner of a Peugeot distributor with a car body business established at the rue de l'Université in Paris , France in 1923 .
Alexander Victor Edward Paulet Montagu , 10th Earl of Sandwich ( 22 May 1906 -- 25 February 1995 ) , known as Viscount Hinchingbrooke from 1916 to 1962 , as the Earl of Sandwich from 1962 to 1964 and as Victor Montagu from 1964 to 1995 , was a British Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Jesse Gause ( 1785 -- c. 1836 ) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement and served in the First Presidency as a counselor to President of the Church Joseph Smith .
Namiki Shōzō II ( 並木正三)(died 1807 ) was a kabuki playwright and relative of the more prominent Namiki Shōzō I. Though none of his surviving plays are prominent ones , he may have been the author of the 1801 Kezairoku ( or Gezairoku ) , a kabuki playwriting manual .
Adrien - Jean - Pierre Thilorier ( 16 February 1790 -- 2 December 1844 ) was a French inventor who was the first person to produce solid carbon dioxide ( `` dry ice '' ) .
Samuel de Missy ( Samuel , Pierre , Joseph , David , de Missy or Demissy , 30 October 1755 -- 20 October 1820 ) was a French trader and businessman , from the city of La Rochelle , where he was born .
Michael Francklin or Franklin ( 6 December 1733 -- 8 November 1782 ) served as Nova Scotia 's Lieutenant Governor from 1766 - 1772 .
Wang Niansun ( Chinese : 王念孫 ) ( 1744 - 1832 ) , courtesy name :
Richard Blome ( 1635 - 1705 ) was a publisher and cartographer from the Kingdom of England .
Bernard Eyston , D.D. ( 1628 - -1709 ) , was an English Franciscan friar , called in religion Bernard à Sancto Francisco .
Ján Valašťan Dolinský ( 15 February 1892 , Békéscsaba ( Békéšská Čaba ) -- 2 March 1965 , Nitra ) was a Slovak composer , teacher , journalist , esperantist and collector of folk songs .
Sir Edward Osborne ( 1530?--1591 ) , was one of the principal merchants of London in the later sixteenth century , and Lord Mayor of London in 1583 .
Fred Fox ( 22 January 1884 -- 1 December 1949 ) was an English assistant director and film actor .
Dominique Pierrat ( 11 February 1820 , Gerbamont -- 19 November 1893 , Gerbamont ) was a French naturalist known for botanical and zoological investigations of Vosges .
Pathologic ( Russian : Мор. Утопия , tr . Mor . Utopiya ; IPA : ( mˈor . ʊtˈopʲɪjə ) ; En . Pestilence . Utopia ) is a 2005 psychological horror adventure survival role - playing video game developed by Russian game studio Ice - Pick Lodge .
Dungeon Party is a 3D MMOG developed by Cyanide Studio .
Lost Eden is an adventure game produced by Cryo Interactive and published by Virgin Interactive in March 1995 for the PC running DOS , Macintosh , 3DO and CD - i . It is set in a world where humans and dinosaurs coexist .
Zombie Tycoon is a real - time strategy for the PlayStation Portable developed by Frima Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment , with the participation of Telefilm Canada .
CityDesk is a proprietary Content Management System created by Fog Creek Software , which was founded by Joel Spolsky .
Florist Shop is a puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DS . The game is published by UFO Interactive Games in the North America and by Rondomedia in Germany , Switzerland and Austria .
Racing Hero is a 1989 arcade game from Sega which runs on Sega 's X Board hardware ( the same hardware used for games such as After Burner and Power Drift ) .
Moto Roader ( spelled Motoroader in Europe ) is a futuristic racing game developed by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16 and is also available on the Nintendo Wii 's Virtual Console .
Lazy Raiders ( originally Dig It Up ) is a video game developed by Sarbakan and published by Microsoft Game Studios on Xbox Live Arcade .
Laser Ghost is a horror - themed shooting gallery arcade game released by Sega in 1989 .
360 Secure Browser ( Chinese : 360安全浏览器 ) is a web browser developed by the Qihoo company of Beijing , China .
Rush Rush Rally Racing , also known as R4 , is an independently developed , commercially released videogame developed by Senile Team and published by RedSpotGames .
Harrier Attack is a computer game for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 , Oric 1 and ZX Spectrum initially released in 1983 by Durell Software .
Escape Velocity Nova ( a.k.a . EV Nova or EVN ) is a video game by Ambrosia Software , in collaboration with ATMOS .
I 'm InTouch is developed and marketed by 01 Communique .
Run Roo Run is a platform video game developed and published by 5th Cell for iOS .
HERO Hosted PBX is a SIP - based hosted IP - PBX business phone system , first released in 2008 by Canadian telecommunications software provider Dialexia .
Angry Birds Epic is a free - to - play role - playing video game that is the ninth installment in the Angry Birds series , developed by Chimera Entertainment and published by Rovio Entertainment .
Originally conceived and written by Allen Razdow ( of MIT , co - founder of Mathsoft ) , Mathcad is now owned by PTC and is generally accepted as the first computer application to automatically compute and check consistency of engineering units such as the International System of Units ( SI ) , throughout the entire set of calculations .
DJMax Portable 2 ( DJMAX Portable 2 , DMP2 ; Korean : 디제이맥스 포터블 2 ) is a music video game published and developed by Pentavision , for the PlayStation Portable which was released on March 30 , 2007 .
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 ( IE5 ) is a discontinued graphical web browser and one of the main participants of the first browser war .
Lords of Magic was developed by Impressions Games for PC and released by Sierra Entertainment in November 1997 .
NBA 2K14 is a basketball video game that was developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2 K Sports .
Eric 's Ultimate Solitaire ( also known as Eric 's Ultimate Solitaire X ) is a commercial solitaire game developed by Delta Tao Software for the Macintosh .
ChefVille was a multiplayer restaurant simulation social network game created by Zynga .
Sudokuro is an puzzle game for the Nintendo DS by Crave Entertainment .
Tokyo City Nights is a video game developed for WiiWare and the J2ME platform by Gameloft .
PachiPara DL Hyper Sea Story In Karibu is a pachinko simulator based on Sanyo 's PachiPara series .
Riddim Ribbon Free is the second installment in Tapulous ' new series of music games , preceded by Riddim Ribbon feat . The Black Eyed Peas .
Escape from Bug Island , titled Necro - Nesia ( ネクロネシア Nekuroneshia ) in Japan , is a survival horror video game developed by Spike and released for the Wii in 2006 .
Dark Messiah of Might and Magic ( additionally subtitled Elements on Xbox 360 ) is a first - person action video game with role - playing elements developed by Arkane Studios and Floodgate Entertainment .
Un povero ricco , also known as Rich and Poor , is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Ring of Darkness is a 2004 fantasy horror film directed by David DeCoteau .
The Ship of Lost Souls or The Ship of Lost Men ( German : Das Schiff der verlorenen Menschen ) is a 1929 German silent thriller film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Fritz Kortner , Marlene Dietrich and Robin Irvine .
The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill is a 2003 documentary film directed , produced , and edited by Judy Irving .
Mr. Theertha ( Kannada : Mr. ತೀರ್ಥ ) is a 2010 Kannada film directed by Sadhu Kokila .
The Blood of Hussain is a 1980 Pakistani film directed by Jamil Dehlavi and released in 1980 ( released in February 1981 in the UK ) .
Os Maias ( Alguns ) Episódios da Vida Romântica is a 2014 Portuguese - Brazilian film directed by João Botelho and based on the 19th century novel Os Maias by Eça de Queirós .
Nan of Music Mountain is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by George Melford and Cecil B. DeMille ( who receives no screen credit ) .
Bauerntanz zweier Kinder ( also known as Italienischer Bauerntanz or Italian Folk dance ) is an 1895 German short black - and - white silent documentary film directed by Max Skladanowsky .
Kamakalawa is a 1981 Filipino fantasy film directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon and Tetchie Agbayani .
Livet måste levas ( English : Life must be lived ) is a Swedish film from 1943 directed by Elof Ahrle .
Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo ( also known as The Sensational Six ) is a 2003 Indian children 's film directed by Sridhar Rangayan , and written by Vijay Tendulkar and Sushma Bakshi .
Enemy Agents Meet Ellery Queen is a 1942 black - and - white thriller film , directed by James P. Hogan and written by Ellery Queen , the duo of Manfred Lee and Frederic Dannay .
Shri Ram Bhakta Hanuman ( Hanuman , The Worshipper of Lord Rama ) is a 1948 Hindi religious film produced and directed by Homi Wadia for Basant Pictures .
Samrat & Co. is a 2014 Hindi detective thriller film directed by Kaushik Ghatak and produced by Kavita K. Barjatya under the Rajshri Productions banner .
Special Mission Lady Chaplin ( Italian : Missione speciale Lady Chaplin , French : L'affaire Lady Chaplin , Spanish : Operación Lady Chaplin , also known as Operation Lady Chaplin ) is a 1966 Italian - French - Spanish Eurospy film directed by Alberto De Martino and Sergio Grieco .
Pengabdi Setan is a 1980 Indonesian horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra , the title translates into `` Satan 's Slave '' which is also the name of the US DVD release .
Das einfache Mädchen is a 1957 West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and produced by Artur Brauner .
Devara Kannu ( Kannada : ದೇವರ ಕಣ್ಣು ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy .
Invited People ( 초대받은 성웅들 - 초대받은 사람들 - Chodaebadeun seongungdeul or Chodaebadeun saramdeul ) is a 1981 South Korean film directed by Choi Ha - won .
Nightmare in the Sun ( 1965 ) is a film drama directed by John Derek and Marc Lawrence , and written by George Fass and Fanya Foss , about a murderous affair .
Jagadguru Adi Shankara is a 2013 ensemble cast Telugu biographical - devotional film produced by Nara Jaya Sri Devi on Global Peace Creators banner , directed by J. K. Bharavi .
It Might Get Loud is a 2008 American documentary film by filmmaker Davis Guggenheim .
The Rajah 's Dream ( French : Le rêve du radjah ou La forêt enchantée ) is a short silent film created and released in 1900 and directed by Georges Méliès .
La Horse ( Italian : Il Clan degli uomini violenti , German : Der Erbarmungslose ) is a 1970 French - language thriller directed by Pierre Granier - Deferre and based on Michel Lambesc 's novel .
Viol à la tire ( 2001 ) is a 12 minutes short film written and directed by Noël Mitrani .
Un Oso Rojo ( Red Bear or A Red Bear ) is a 2002 Argentine , Spanish , and French drama film , directed by Israel Adrián Caetano .
The Fourth King ( German : Der vierte König ) is a 2006 German / Swiss / Swedish film directed by Michael Ekbladh and Ted Sieger .
Death at Love House ( a.k.a . The Shrine of Lorna Love ) is a 1976 made - for - TV horror film directed by E.W. Swackhamer .
The Miller and the Sweep is a 1898 British short black - and - white silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , featuring a miller carrying a bag of flour fighting with a chimney sweep carrying a bag of soot in front of a windmill , before a crowd comes and chases them away .
Quiet Days in Hollywood ( also known as The Way We Are ) is a 1997 drama film written by Robert G. Brown and Josef Rusnak .
Life of an Expert Swordsman ( Japanese : Aru kengo no shōgai 或る剣豪の生涯 ) is a 1959 samurai film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki and starring Toshiro Mifune .
Secrets of Eden is a 2012 suspense television film directed by Tawnia McKiernan , based on a book by Chris Bohjalian published in 2010 .
Quax , der Bruchpilot is a 1941 German film directed by Kurt Hoffmann .
Rajaparambara is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Dr. Balakrishnan and produced by MP Bhaskaran .
Criminal Lawyer is a 1937 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by G. V. Atwater and Thomas Lennon , based on a story by Louis Stevens .
Mädchen , Mädchen ( English : Girls , Girls ) , also known as Girls on Top , is a 2001 German film directed by Dennis Gansel .
Should Wives Work ? is a 1937 American short comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins .
Padichakallan is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by AL Sreenivasan .
Two White Arms is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Adolphe Menjou , Margaret Bannerman and Claud Allister .
See America Thirst is a 1930 comedy film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by William James Craft .
Overland Mail Robbery is a 1943 American Western film directed by John English and written by Robert Creighton Williams and Robert Yost .
100 Women is a 2002 comedy film written and directed by Michael Davis .
Chic ! is a 2015 French romantic comedy film directed by Jérôme Cornuau .
He 's Way More Famous Than You is a 2013 comedy feature film written by and starring Halley Feiffer and Ryan Spahn , and directed by Michael Urie , who also costars .
Zebra Lounge is a 2001 erotic thriller directed by Kari Skogland and written by Claire Montgomery and Monte Montgomery .
When Harry Tries to Marry is a 2010 romantic comedy film , co - written , produced and directed by Nayan Padrai and starring Rahul Rai , Stefanie Estes , and Freishia Bomanbehram .
Boys Will Be Joys is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
In the Name of the Kaisers ( German : Im Namen des Kaisers ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Robert Dinesen and starring Lya De Putti , Hermann Vallentin and Jenny Marba .
Camel Safari is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj which narrates a love story on the background of Rajasthan .
Why Sailors Leave Home is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller , Peter Bernard and Eve Gray .
A Conversation with Norman , produced and directed by Jonathan M. Parisen , is a horror film homage to Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho .
The Law Divine is a 1920 silent British crime film directed by H. B. Parkinson and Challis Sanderson .
Worthless Woman ( French : Fille de rien ) is a 1921 French silent film directed by André Hugon and starring Suzanne Talba , José Durany and Vasseur .
The Sea God is a 1930 American Pre - Code adventure film written and directed by George Abbott .
Swara Mandal or Dance of the Wind is an 1997 Hindi film written and directed by Rajan Khosa , it was the feature film debut of the director .
Sexy Evil Genius is a 2013 American dark comedy film written by Scott Lew and directed by Shawn Piller .
Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu ( Malayalam : ഈ തണുത്ത വെളുപ്പാന്‍ കാലത്ത് , English : In This Cold Morning ) is a 1990 Malayalam mystery thriller film written by Padmarajan and directed by Joshiy .
A Sinner in Mecca is a 2015 documentary film from director Parvez Sharma ( A Jihad for Love ) .
Her Husband Lies is a 1937 American drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Wallace Smith and Eve Greene .
Who 's Your Lady Friend ? is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed and starring Frances Day , Vic Oliver and Betty Stockfeld .
One Summer of Happiness ( Swedish : Hon dansade en sommar - She danced for a summer ) is a 1951 Swedish film by director Arne Mattsson , based on the 1949 novel Sommardansen ( The Summer Dance ) by Per Olof Ekström .
Kumkumacheppu is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thulasidas and produced by R Mukesh Mehta .
Chapala Chennigaraya ( Kannada : ಚಪಲ ಚೆನ್ನಿಗರಾಯ ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by M Rajagopal and Suresh Kumar .
Saving Christmas ( sometimes referred to as Kirk Cameron 's Saving Christmas ) is a 2014 American faith - based Christmas comedy film directed by Darren Doane and written by Doane and Cheston Hervey .
Rust Never Sleeps is an album by Canadian singer - songwriter Neil Young and American band Crazy Horse .
Bewitched Love ( Spanish : El amor brujo ) is a 1967 Spanish drama film directed by Francisco Rovira Beleta and based on the eponymous ballet by Manuel de Falla .
Our Friends , the Hayseeds is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith .
Hodet over vannet is a norwegian black comedy by director Nils Gaup .
Mournful Unconcern ( Russian : Скорбное бесчувствие , translit . Skorbnoye beschuvstviye ) is the third produced film by Alexander Sokurov , completed in 1983 , but the fourth released one , as it was banned by Soviet authorities until perestroika in 1987 .
The Spanish Sword is a low budget 1962 British adventure film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Ronald Howard , June Thorburn and Nigel Green .
Erotissimo is a 1969 French - Italian comedy film directed by Gérard Pirès .
Wrathful Journey ( Bulgarian : Гневно пътуване , translit . Gnevno patuvane ) is a 1971 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikola Korabov .
The War of the Volcanoes ( Italian original title La guerra dei vulcani ) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Francesco Patierno detailing the filming of Roberto Rossellini 's 1950 film Stromboli starring Ingrid Bergman as well as the 1950 film Volcano starring Anna Magnani .
Vinayak Chakravorty from Hindustan Times gave the film 4 out of 5 stars , writing , `` Fiza is more than just about Khalid Mohamed 's foray into filmmaking .
Motion Painting No . 1 ( 1947 ) is a short animated film in which film artist Oskar Fischinger put images in motion to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach 's Brandenburg Concerto no . 3 , BWV 1048 .
Dard Ka Rishta is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Sunil Dutt who also stars .
Blazing Stewardesses is a 1975 American sex comedy film , directed by Al Adamson .
Blestemul pământului , blestemul iubirii ( The curse of the land , the curse of love ) is a 1981 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Mureșan .
Goli čovik ( trans . Naked person - from local Ikavian ) is a Croatian film directed by Obrad Gluščević released in 1968 .
Time Signs was created in 1988 when producer Tim Taylor asked Mick Aston to present Time Signs , a history and archaeology series that tells the story of Wolf Valley in Devon .
Flaming Hearts ( German : Flammende Herzen ) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Walter Bockmayer and Rolf Bührmann .
Oro , Plata , Mata is a 1982 multi - awarded Filipino film directed by Peque Gallaga , and is considered his most significant contribution to Philippine cinema .
Love Is the Perfect Crime ( French : L'Amour est un crime parfait ) is a 2013 French - Swiss drama thriller film directed by Arnaud Larrieu and Jean - Marie Larrieu .
Man from Canyon City ( Spanish : Viva Carrancho , Italian : L'uomo che viene da Canyon City ) is a 1965 Spanish - Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar .
Police , Adjective ( Romanian : Polițist , Adjectiv ) is a 2009 Romanian drama film directed by Corneliu Porumboiu .
Ripa Hits the Skids ( Finnish : Ripa ruostuu ) is a 1993 Finnish comedy film directed by Christian Lindblad .
5 - 25 - 77 is a coming of age film written and directed by Patrick Read Johnson and produced by Fred Roos and Gary Kurtz .
No One Can Achieve Perfection ( Faroese : Eingin kann gera tað perfekta ) is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir .
Keeper of Darkness is a 2015 Hong Kong horror film directed by and starring Nick Cheung .
Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania is a 1971 - -72 documentary film by Jonas Mekas .
Jaali Note ( English : Fake Currency ) is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Shakti Samanta , based on theme of counterfeit money .
Bommarillu ( English : Dollhouse ) ( pronunciation ) is a 2006 Telugu romantic comedy film directed and co - written by Bhaskar , and produced by Dil Raju .
The Dollars Trilogy ( Italian : Trilogia del dollaro ) , also known as the Man with No Name Trilogy , is a film series consisting of three Spaghetti Western films directed by Sergio Leone .
There You Are ! was a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick .
Sergeant Swell of the Mounties is a 1972 short film written and directed by Len Janson and Chuck Menville , and starring Menville in the title role .
So Much for So Little is a 1949 American short documentary film directed by Chuck Jones .
The Desert Island ( Chinese : 浪淘沙 ; pinyin : Lang tao sha ) is a 1936 Chinese film directed by Wu Yonggang .
Khuda Gawah ( translation : God is witness ) is a 1992 Bollywood epic Romance drama film produced by Nazir Ahmed & Manoj Desai on Glamour Films banner , directed by Mukul S. Anand .
Echo of the Mountain ( Spanish : Eco de la montaña ) is a 2014 Mexican documentary film about Santos de la Torre directed by Nicolás Echevarría .
100,000 Cobbers is a 1942 dramatised documentary made by director Ken G. Hall for the Australian Department of Information during World War II to boost recruitment into the armed forces .
Yakshagaanam is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Sheela and produced by Mathi Oli Shanmukham .
Aarada Gaaya is a 1980 Indian Kannada - language action film written by M. D. Sundar and directed by V. Somashekhar .
Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear ( promoted simply as The House of Fear ) is a 1945 crime film directed by Roy William Neill .
101 Chodyangal ( English : 101 Questions ) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Sidhartha Siva .
Alien Love Triangle is a 2008 comedy - science fiction short film directed by Danny Boyle .
Lebewohl , Fremde is a 1991 German drama film directed by Tevfik Başer .
Mechanics of the Brain ( Russian : Механика головного мозга , Myekhanika golovnogo mozga ) is a 1926 Soviet documentary film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin , a popularization of Ivan Pavlov 's studies in classical conditioning .
Roogie 's Bump is a 1954 American comedy film directed by Harold Young and written by Jack Hanley and Dan Totheroh .
Srimanthudu ( English : Wealthy Man ) is a 2015 Indian Telugu drama film written and directed by Koratala Siva .
Strikebound is a 1984 Australian film directed by Richard Lowenstein and based on the Wendy Lowenstein novel Dead Men Do n't Dig Coal .
Crippled Avengers is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and starring four members of the Venom Mob .
Rayaru Bandaru Mavana Manege is a 1993 Indian Kannada romantic drama - action film directed by Dwarakish and produced by P. Balaram .
Endure is a 2010 crime thriller film directed and written by Joe O'Brien .
True Heaven is a 1929 American drama film directed by James Tinling and written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan and Dwight Cummins .
On the Far Side of the Tunnel ( Spanish : Al otro lado del túnel ) is a 1994 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime de Armiñán .
For a Good Time , Call ... is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jamie Travis .
The French protectorate of Tunisia ( French : Protectorat français de Tunisie ; Arabic : الحماية الفرنسية في تونس‎ al - Ḥimāya al - Fransīya fī Tūnis ) was established in 1881 , during the French colonial Empire era , and lasted until Tunisian independence in 1956 .
Granville Brothers Aircraft was an aircraft manufacturer in operation from 1929 until its bankruptcy in 1934 .
In February 1945 , Brücher was ordered to destroy the Ahnenerbe 's 18 active research facilities to avoid their capture by advancing Soviet forces .
The Nieuwe Republiek ( `` New Republic '' ) was a small Boer republic , which existed from 1884 to 1888 in present - day South Africa .
The Electoral district of Port Phillip was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council before it became the separate colony of Victoria ( Australia ) on 1 July 1851 .
The New Zealand Shipping Company ( NZSC ) was a shipping company whose ships ran passenger and cargo services between Great Britain and New Zealand between 1873 and 1973 .
The Colony of Southern Rhodesia was a self - governing British Crown colony in southern Africa from 1923 to 1980 , equivalent in territorial terms to modern Zimbabwe .
Połock Voivodeship ( Polish : Województwo połockie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth ( Grand Duchy of Lithuania ) since the 15th century until the partitions of Poland in 1793 .
The Hartford Blues of the National Football League played only in the 1926 NFL season , with a record of 3 - -7 .
The Second French Empire ( French : Le Second empire français ) was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Napoleon III from 1852 to 1870 , between the Second Republic and the Third Republic , in France .
The Gallic Empire ( Latin : Imperium Galliarum ) is the modern name for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned de facto as a separate state from 260 to 274 .
In 2011 BC Alytus went to bankruptcy , and another basketball club , called BC Savanoris , was established in Alytus .
Jonathan Lavine serves as a trustee of Columbia University , is a former chair of the Columbia College Board of Visitors and was co - chair of the Columbia Campaign .
Thomas de Waal graduated from Balliol College , Oxford with a First Class Degree in Modern Languages ( Russian and Modern Greek ) .
Christine Sadler received her undergraduate degree from Peabody College ( now an affiliate of Vanderbilt University ) and her master 's degree in journalism from Columbia University in 1937 .
From 1944 to 1956 , Prescott Bush was a member of the Yale Corporation , the principal governing body of Yale University .
Allan McEachern , BA , LL.B , LL.D ( Honoris Causa ) ( May 20 , 1926 -- January 10 , 2008 ) was a Canadian lawyer , a judge , and a Chancellor of the University of British Columbia .
Harbert Gregory attended the University of Florida , and in 1938 he graduated with a Bachelor 's degree in Electrical Engineering .
Suzanna Kempner ( born Suzanna Maria Kempner 1 February 1985 ) is an English actress , singer and stand - up comedian who studied at the Royal Academy of Music .
Henry - Russell Hitchcock was born in Boston and educated at Middlesex School and Harvard University , receiving his A.B. in 1924 and his M.A. in 1927 .
Mangesh Hattikudur is the co - founder of the American humor magazine mental floss , which he started with Will Pearson when both were students at Duke University .
He obtained his early education from The Doon School , and from the well - known university of Pakistan , Forman Christian College University , Lahore . In early days at school level in Dehradun located in India , Jamsheed Marker played cricket there and later at F.C. College Lahore .
Jasmina Novokmet ( born 8 September 1969 in Pristina , Yugoslavia - in present - day Kosovo ) is a Serbian conductor , Professor of Conducting and former Associate Dean at the University of Pristina Faculty of Arts .
Donna Shaw received her bachelor 's degrees in English and Journalism from The Pennsylvania State University .
Francis Wright Bradley ( January 18 , 1884 in Troy , Abbeville County , South Carolina - December 18 , 1971 , Columbia , Richland County , South Carolina ) was a Dean at the University of South Carolina , as well as a professor of languages , and acting University President in 1952 .
Holly Ponichtera is an immunologist and figure skater who competed for Dartmouth College in Hanover , New Hampshire .
Wolfgang Haack studied mechanical engineering at the University of Hanover and mathematics in Jena .
Larry Wortzel received a B.A. degree from Columbus College ( now Columbus State University ) in Columbus , Georgia , and earned his Master 's and Ph.D. degrees in political science from the University of Hawaii .
Ian Mitroff studied at the University of California , Berkeley where he received a B.S. in Engineering Physics , a M.S. in Structural Mechanics ( Structural Engineering ) , and a PhD in Engineering Science ( Industrial Engineering ) with the thesis , entitled `` A study of simulation - aided engineering design . ''
Literary and poetic translation was Anna Gerasimova 's major field during her studies in the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute .
Jodie Fisher was born in Dallas , Texas and graduated from Texas Tech University .
Shemaryahu Talmon ( Hebrew : שמריהו טלמון ) ( born Shemaryahu Zelmanowicz ; 1920 in Skierniewice , Poland -- December 15 , 2010 ) was J. L. Magnes Professor of Bible at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Alexander Friedrich von Hueck ( 1802 - -1842 ) was a Baltic - German professor of anatomy at the University of Tartu , and a notable estophile .
Jonathan Crary , is an art critic and essayist , and is Meyer Schapiro Professor of Modern Art and Theory at Columbia University in New York .
Alexander Fraser Tytler , Lord Woodhouselee FRSE ( 15 October 1747 -- 5 January 1813 ) was a Scottish advocate , judge , writer and historian who served as Professor of Universal History , and Greek and Roman Antiquities at the University of Edinburgh .
Dennis Basso attended the Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C. and the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York .
Mynors Bright ( 1818 - -1883 ) was an English academic , president of Magdalene College , Cambridge , from 1853 to 1873 .
Basil O'Connor did his undergraduate work at Dartmouth College and graduated from Harvard Law School , then was admitted to the bar to practice law in 1915 .
Carolyn Brady studied art at the University of Oklahoma in Norman from 1958 to 1961 before moving to New York where she lived until the end of her life .
Born into a family of poor Chinese immigrants , Weng Tojirakarn was admitted to the prestigious Triam Udom Suksa School for his outstanding intelligence .
After attending St. Sebastian 's School in Needham , Massachusetts , Richard Pitino earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in history at Providence College in 2005 .
Gaston Eyskens studied at the Catholic University of Leuven where he gained a master and doctorate degree .
Born in 1752 , William Linn was graduated from the College of New Jersey ( now Princeton University ) with a Bachelor of Arts ( A.B. ) in 1772 , and was ordained by the Donegal Presbytery in 1775 .
Lainie Friedman Ross is a 1982 graduate of Princeton University where she majored in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs .
Yaron Ezrahi , born in 1940 in Tel - Aviv , is an Israeli political theorist and an Emeritus professor at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Ernest Babelon trained from 1874 to 1878 to be an archivist at the École Nationale des Chartes .
Mogens Koch ( 2 March 1898 -- 16 September 1992 ) was a Danish architect and furniture designer and , from 1950 to 1968 , a professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts .
Edwin Cuthbert Hall ( 1874 - -1953 ) was an Australian physician and philanthropist who through a bequest funded the Edwin Cuthbert Hall Chair of Middle Eastern Archaeology within the Department of Archaeology at the University of Sydney .
Felix Dodds was influenced at an early age by the visions of Robert Kennedy , John F. Kennedy , and Martin Luther King , Jr. Dodds went on to study physics at the University of Surrey , where he was very active in student politics .
Cecilia Medina studied legal and social sciences at the University of Chile in Santiago and earned a doctorate in law at the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands .
As a senior at Auburn University , Marcus Washington played defensive end and posted seven sacks and 52 tackles .
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin - Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris , and their grandson Pierre Joliot , who was named after Pierre Curie , is a noted biochemist .
Gennady Alferenko studied Geology and Geophysics at the Novosibirsk State University from 1966 through 1973 .
David Moniac ( December 1802 -- November 21 , 1836 ) ( Creek ) was an American military officer and in 1822 the first Native American graduate of the United States Military Academy .
Born in Preston , the son of Joshua Milne Cheetham , MP , he was educated at Rossall School , from which he won a scholarship to Christ Church , Oxford .
Born in Madiun , East Java , Soenario was educated at Leiden University in the Netherlands and was a founder of Perhimpunan Indonesia ( in at least one source referred to as Perhimpunan Mahasiswa Indonesia ) , an Indonesian students ' organization , while studying at the Faculty of Law .
Adriano Moreira was born in Macedo de Cavaleiros , northern Portugal , son of António José Moreira and wife Leopoldina do Céu Alves , and graduated in Law from the University of Lisbon in 1944 .
Saul Rae graduated from Jarvis Collegiate , University College at the University of Toronto , and went on to earn a doctorate from the London School of Economics as a Massey Fellow .
Jeremy Gibbons is a Computer Scientist and Professor of Computing at the University of Oxford .
Professor Dr. Edward McCombie McGirr CBE was Muirhead professor of medicine at Glasgow Royal Infirmary , a former President of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow and Dean of Faculties at the University of Glasgow .
Stuart Woods was born in Manchester , Georgia and graduated in 1959 from the University of Georgia , with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology .
Gilbert Larose ( also known as Gil LaRose ) was a gymnast who was named NCAA all - around champion for the University of Michigan in 1963 and competed for Canada in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics .
He was born in London , the son of Henry Kemble , a captain of the 37th Foot , and educated at Maze Hill School Greenwich , King 's College School and King 's College London .
Wayne Visser completed his high school at Fairbairn College in 1987 and went on to study marketing and economics as part of a Business Science Honours degree at the University of Cape Town .
Harry L. Wilson ( born 1957 ) is a Pennsylvania State University and Rutgers University alumni .
Roberts and Barrand is a musical group formed in 1969 by John Roberts and Tony Barrand while they were graduate students in psychology at Cornell University .
After graduating with First Class honours in chemistry in 1912 at East London College ( now Queen Mary , University of London ) , Jack Drummond became a research assistant in the department of physiology at King 's College London , working under Otto Rosenheim and the professor W.D. Halliburton .
Yin Yin Nwe obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from Yangon University and later finished a Doctor of Philosophy in the Earth Sciences from the University of Cambridge .
Roger Finke earned his doctorate in sociology at the University of Washington in 1984 , and held faculty positions at Concordia College in Illinois , Loyola University of Chicago , and Purdue University before joining the faculty at The Pennsylvania State University in 2000 .
Zachary Mainen studied psychology and philosophy at Yale University , received his doctorate in Neuroscience from the University of California , San Diego , and held a faculty position at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , New York , before moving to Lisbon to found the Champalimaud Neuroscience Programme .
Frank Chirkinian ( June 3 , 1926 -- March 4 , 2011 ) was an Armenian - American CBS Sports producer and director .
Pam Peters is an Emeritus Professor of Linguistics at Macquarie University , Sydney , Australia .
Shana O. Kelley is a scientist and Professor of Biochemistry at the University of Toronto 's Faculty of Pharmacy and Faculty of Medicine .
Werner Gruner ( 1904 - -1995 ) was a small - arms designer , mechanical engineer , university teacher and from 1958 to 1961 rector of the Dresden University of Technology .
Thomas W. Parks ( born March 16 , 1939 in Buffalo , New York ) is an American electrical engineer and Professor Emeritus of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Cornell University .
Howard H. Stevenson ( June 27 , 1941 ) is the Sarofim - Rock Baker Foundation Professor Emeritus at Harvard University .
Yoshinori Tokura ( 十倉 好紀 Tokura Yoshinori , born March 1 , 1954 ) is a Japanese physicist , Professor at University of Tokyo and Director of Center for Emergent Matter Science ( CEMS ) at RIKEN .
Louis Rutten studied geology at Utrecht University .
Becky Wai - Ling Packard is Professor of Psychology and Education , and Director of the Weissman Center for Leadership at Mount Holyoke College .
He is also presenting a show called `` 24 minutes with Zoran Kesić '' , aired on B92 , which he writes together with authors of satirical web - magazine njuz.net .
Anne Friedberg was Chair of the Critical Studies Division in the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California and President - elect of the Society for Cinema and Media Studies .
Philippe Guyot - Sionnest is a professor at the University of Chicago appointed jointly in the departments of physics and chemistry .
Dr Mark Allinson ( born Epping , 1967 ) is a member of the University of Bristol 's Department of German .
Ailsa McKay ( 7 June 1963 -- 5 March 2014 ) was a Scottish economist , government policy adviser , a leading feminist economist and Professor of Economics at Glasgow Caledonian University .
Flavia Pansieri was the United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights at the level of Assistant Secretary - General .
Marcia Bunge is a theologian and professor of Lutheran studies at Gustavus Adolphus College .
James A. Bellamy is Professor Emeritus of Arabic Literature at the University of Michigan .
Margaretta M. Lovell is Jay D. McEvoy , Jr. Professor of the History of Art at the University of California , Berkeley .
Steven C. Hebert , M.D. , ( b. 1946 in Rockford , Illinois -- d . April 15 , 2008 ) , a board certified nephrologist , was the chair and C.N.H. Long Professor of Cellular and Molecular Physiology and professor of medicine at Yale University , beginning in 2000 .
Rob Linsenmeier is a researcher and Professor at Northwestern University , and lives in Chicago .
Robert C. Baker ( December 29 , 1921 -- March 13 , 2006 ) was an inventor and Cornell University professor who invented the chicken nugget as well as many other poultry related inventions .
Marta Kutas ( born September 2 , 1949 ) is a Professor and Chair of cognitive science and an adjunct professor of neuroscience at the University of California , San Diego .
Chairman of Mathematical Physics at the Sloane Physics Laboratory of Yale University for over three decades , he is the namesake of Yale 's prestigious Leigh Page Prize Lectures .
Yahya Rahmat - Samii ( born August 20 , 1948 ) is Professor and holder of the Northrop Grumman Chair in Electromagnetics at Electrical Engineering Department at the University of California , Los Angeles , where he teaches and conducts research on microwave transmission and radio antennas .
Leon Shklar is a professor in the computer science department at Rutgers University , where he teaches a senior level course in advanced web application development .
Peter van Inwagen ( born September 21 , 1942 ) is an American analytic philosopher and the John Cardinal O'Hara Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame .
Waseem Mirza ( born in Peterborough ) is a presenter and reporter for BBC television and radio .
Alexander Gerschenkron ( Russian : Александр Гершенкрон ; 1 October 1904 -- 26 October 1978 ) was a Russian - born American Jewish economic historian and professor at Harvard University , trained in the Austrian School of economics .
Robert J. Richards ( born 1942 ) is an author and the Morris Fishbein Distinguished Service Professor of the History of Science and Medicine at the University of Chicago .
Avrum Stroll ( February 15 , 1921 -- September 12 , 2013 ) was a research professor at the University of California , San Diego .
Rustem Hayroudinoff graduated from the Moscow Conservatory , where he studied with Lev Naumov , and received his postgraduate degree ( DipRAM ) at the Royal Academy of Music in London with Christopher Elton .
Chris Mannix is a sports writer , reporter , and radio host for Sports Illustrated , Epix and NBC Sports .
Richard Levis McCormick ( born December 26 , 1947 ) is a historian , professor and president emeritus of Rutgers University .
William Benjamin Smith ( 1850 - -1934 ) was a professor of mathematics at Tulane University .
Johann Harald Kylin , also known as Harald Kylin ( 1879 - -1949 ) was a Swedish botanist specializing in phycology and a professor at Lund University .
Rufus Wade Fox , Jr. ( June 2 , 1920 -- September 20 , 1964 ) , was an American zoologist and herpetologist from the University of California , Berkeley .
Michaela Pereira ( born August 26 , 1970 ) is a Canadian television personality best known as being an anchor for KTLA in Los Angeles .
Tanika Sarkar is a historian of modern India based at the Jawaharlal Nehru University .
José Luis Machinea ( born October 5 , 1946 ) is an Argentine economist and United Nations official .
She also fronts the BBC Two series , Alex Polizzi :
Walter Barclay Kamb was a longtime professor and researcher at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) .
Charles Brenton Huggins ( September 22 , 1901 -- January 12 , 1997 ) was a Canadian - American physician , physiologist and cancer researcher at the University of Chicago specializing in prostate cancer .
Benjamin Alman , MD , FRCSC , was the head of the division of Orthopedic surgery at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto , Ontario , senior scientist in developmental and stem cell biology at Sick Kids , and vice chair of the department of surgery at the University of Toronto .
David C. Copley ( January 31 , 1952 -- November 20 , 2012 ) was an American publishing heir , on the board of the Copley Press for over thirty years , becoming president and owner , as well as publisher of the San Diego Union - Tribune .
Stephen J. Lippard is an American bioinorganic chemist and the Arthur Amos Noyes Professor of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
C. Arden Pope III ( born c. 1954 ) is an American professor of economics at Brigham Young University and one of the world 's foremost experts in environmental science .
David Romer ( born March 13 , 1958 ) is an American economist , the Herman Royer Professor of Political Economy at the University of California , Berkeley , the author of a standard textbook in graduate macroeconomics as well as many influential economic papers , particularly in the area of New Keynesian economics .
Jens Weidmann ( born 20 April 1968 ) is a German economist and president of the Deutsche Bundesbank .
Malay Ghosh ( Bengali : মলয় ঘোষ ) is an Indian statistician and currently a Distinguished Professor at the University of Florida .
Sarah Leah Whitson is an American lawyer who is the director of the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights Watch .
Shakira 's eighth and ninth albums , She Wolf ( 2009 ) and Sale el Sol ( 2010 ) , received critical praise but suffered from limited promotion due to her strained relationship with label Epic Records .
Leudesius ( assassinated 676 ) was the son of Erchinoald , Mayor of the Palace of Neustria , and his wife Leutsinde .
Gudrød Bjørnsson was the son of Bjørn Farmann , the king of Vestfold , and a grandson of Harald Fairhair .
Alfred Jaretzki III ( August 11 , 1919 -- May 29 , 2014 ) was an American surgeon and medical professor who was the son of lawyer Alfred Jaretzki , Jr. Jaretzki served as a professor of clinical surgery at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons , and as a lecturer at the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital .
Aun was the son of Jorund , and had ten sons , nine of which he was said to have sacrificed in order to prolong his own life .
Charles Beauclerk , 1st Duke of St Albans , KG ( 8 May 1670 -- 10 May 1726 ) was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by his mistress Nell Gwynne .
Albert Payson Terhune was born in New Jersey to Mary Virginia Hawes and the Reverend Edward Payson Terhune .
Liüntika or Levente ( ? - before 907 ) was a Hungarian tribal chieftain , the eldest son of Grand Prince Árpád .
Alalcomenia ( Ancient Greek : Ἀλαλκομενία ) was , in Greek mythology , one of the daughters of Ogyges .
Hemendranath Tagore ( 1844 - -1884 ) , Debendranath Tagore 's third son , is notable for being the first ever Brahmo as he was the first child born in 1844 to any of the 21 Brahmos who swore the First Brahmo Covenant on 21 December 1843 at Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) .
Adolph II , Count of Nassau - Wiesbaden - Idstein ( 1386 -- 16 July 1426 ) was a son of Walram IV , Count of Nassau - Idstein his wife , Bertha of Westerburg .
Son of the Vienna - born American painter Henry Koerner , Joseph Koerner was raised in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and Vienna , Austria .
Vincent de Bourbon , Count of Guingamp ( Vincent Marie Louis ; 22 June 1750 -- 14 March 1752 ) was a son of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon , Duke of Penthièvre and died before his second birthday .
Clara Louise Kellogg was born in Sumterville , South Carolina , the daughter of Jane Elizabeth ( Crosby ) and George Kellogg .
Giacomo Boncompagni ( also Jacopo Boncompagni ; May 8 , 1548 -- August 18 , 1612 ) was an Italian feudal lord of the 16th century , the illegitimate son of Pope Gregory XIII ( Ugo Boncompagni ) .
François Schubert ( né Franz Anton Schubert ( the Younger ) ; 22 July 1808 , Dresden -- 12 April 1878 , Dresden ) was a violinist and composer .
Zhu Gaoxu ( Chinese : 朱高煦 ; 30 December 1380 - 6 October 1426 ) , Prince of Gaoyang ( 高陽王 , created 1395 ) , later the Prince of Han ( 漢王 , created 1404 ) was the second son of the Yongle Emperor and Empress Ren Xiao Wen .
Raoul II of Lusignan ( c. 1200 -- c. September 1 , 1246/September , 1250 , buried at the Abbey of Foucarmont ) was the son of Raoul I of Lusignan and his second wife Alix of Eu .
Magdalena Martullo - Blocher ( born 1968/1969 ) is a Swiss billionaire heiress , businesswoman and politician , the CEO of Ems - Chemie , and the daughter of former Swiss Federal Councillor Christoph Blocher In 2015 , she was elected to the National Council as a representative of Graubünden , although she lives in the Canton of Zürich .
Ishmael ( Hebrew : יִשְׁמָעֵאל , Modern Yishma'el , Tiberian Yišmāʻēl ISO 259 - 3 , Yišmaˁel ; Greek : Ἰσμαήλ Ismaēl ; Arabic : إسماعيل‎ ʾIsmāʿīl ; Latin : Ismael ) is a figure in the Tanakh and the Qur'an and was Abraham 's first son according to Jews , Christians , and Muslims .
Soga no Kitashihime ( 蘇我 堅塩媛 ) was a Japanese noblewoman and high lady , a daughter of Soga no Iname , a high - ranking official .
Willard Mitt Romney was born on March 12 , 1947 , at Harper University Hospital in Detroit , Michigan , one of four children born to an automobile executive George W. Romney ( 1907 - -1995 ) and homemaker Lenore Romney ( née LaFount ; 1908 - -1998 ) .
Charlotte d'Amboise was born in New York City , the daughter of dancers Jacques d'Amboise and Carolyn George .
Paul Armin Due ( 1870 - -1926 ) was a Norwegian architect Paul Franz Wilhelm Armin Due was the son the renowned architect Paul Due .
Francis Jourdain was born on 2 November 1876 , son of the architect Frantz Jourdain .
George Randolph Hearst , Sr . ( April 23 , 1904 -- January 26 , 1972 ) was the eldest son of William Randolph Hearst .
Aruna Kumari Galla ( born 1 August 1949 ) is the daughter of former Indian Parliamentarian , social activist Paturi Rajagopala Naidu .
DMG Yinji began as an advertising agency that was founded by Dan Mintz , Peter Xiao , and Wu Bing .
In 1973 , Peter Karmanos , Jr. , Thomas Thewes , and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation .
Pescarolo Sport was a motorsport team based in Le Mans , France and founded in February 2000 by French racing driver Henri Pescarolo and his friend and partner , French publisher François Granet .
Operation Mobilisation is a Christian organization founded by George Verwer to mobilise young people to live and share the Gospel of Jesus .
Mutant Enemy Productions is a production company that was created in 1996 by Joss Whedon to produce Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
HRG Group , Inc. , ( NYSE : HRG ) formerly Harbinger Group Inc. and Zapata Corporation , is a holding company based in Rochester , New York , and originating from an oil company started by a group including the former United States president George H. W. Bush .
On 25 July 1567 , Captain Diego de Losada laid the foundations of the city of Santiago de León de Caracas .
Lonely Road Books is a small press publishing company founded in 2007 by Brian James Freeman and Richard Chizmar and based out of Forest Hill , Maryland .
Landesa was founded as the Rural Development Institute in 1967 by Professor Roy Prosterman , a Harvard Law School graduate who left his Wall Street career at Sullivan & Cromwell to teach at the University of Washington School of Law where he established the Law in Sustainable Development Program .
Herwart Holland - Moritz , known as Wau Holland , ( 20 December 1951 -- 29 July 2001 ) cofounded the Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) in 1981 , one of the world 's oldest hacking clubs .
Milwaukee School of Engineering was founded in 1903 by Oscar Werwath and initially called the School of Engineering of Milwaukee .
LookSmart was founded in Melbourne Australia in late 1995 , under the name Homebase , and was majority - owned by Reader 's Digest .
The Guardian Angels organization was founded February 13 , 1979 in New York City by Curtis Sliwa and has more than 130 chapters around the world .
It was founded on January 8 , 1886 , as Westinghouse Electric Company and later renamed Westinghouse Electric Corporation by George Westinghouse .
Harry Gordon Selfridge , Sr . ( 11 January 1858 -- 8 May 1947 ) was an American retail magnate who founded the London - based department store Selfridges .
The L - KO Kompany , or L - KO Komedies , was an American motion picture company founded by Henry Lehrman that produced silent one- , two- and very occasionally three - reel comedy shorts between 1914 and 1919 .
Scientific American published every Thursday morning at No . 11 Spruce Street , New York , No . 16 State Street , Boston , and No . 2l Arcade Philadelphia , ( The principal office being in New York ) by Rufus Porter .
Delta Scientific Corporation also known just as Delta Scientific is a company based in Palmdale , California , USA .
King of the Dot Entertainment , also known as KOTD , is a rap battle league founded in Toronto , Canada in 2008 .
Waha Oil Company ( WOC ; Arabic : شركة الواحة للنفط‎ , or shirkat al - wāḥa lil - nifṭ ) is an oil company based in Tripoli , Libya , engaged in the fields of crude oil and natural gas exploration and production .
Bern 's Steak House is a steak restaurant in the SoHo district of Tampa , Florida , founded in 1956 .
The Opekta company was originally based in Cologne , Germany , being founded and owned by Austrian chemists Robert Feix and Richard Fackeldey .
In 1986 , the company re - organized itself as a Delaware corporation under the current name , Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar 's headquarters are located in Peoria , Illinois , United States .
After the huge growth during the early 1930s , Fawcett Publications relocated its offices to both New York City and Greenwich , Connecticut in 1940 .
Chemtura Corporation is a global corporation headquartered in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , with its other principal executive office in Middlebury , Connecticut .
British Power International ( BPI ) provides design and advisory solutions to the power sector and is based in Colchester , Essex .
Jämtlands Bryggeri is a microbrewery located in the small village of Pilgrimstad located in the Municipality of Bräcke in Jämtland , in north western part Sweden .
Acorda Therapeutics is a biotechnology company based in Ardsley , New York , USA .
Shortly following the transfer of ownership , Cedar Fair began the process of integrating the two companies by eliminating the Paramount Parks corporate office in Charlotte , North Carolina and transferring all decision - making to Cedar Fair 's offices in Sandusky , Ohio .
The headquarters of The Paris Review moved from Paris to New York City in 1973 .
Masjid Al - Mamoor , also known as the Jamaica Muslim Center , is one of the largest multi - purpose Muslim establishments in the United States .
E - Square Talkies ( or simply E - Square ( ) ) is a Family Entertainment Center of E - Square Leisure Pvt . Ltd. in Pune , Maharashtra .
GM Broadcasting is the ownership of WLTB - FM , an adult contemporary formatted radio station in the Binghamton , New York , market .
The Weir Group plc is an engineering company headquartered in Glasgow , Scotland .
The Woodstock Mozart Festival had its origins in the 1987 as part of a summer festival at the Woodstock Opera House entitled `` Woodfest '' .
Aircraft Sales and Parts ( ASAP ) is an American kit aircraft and parts manufacturer , originally founded based in Vernon , British Columbia and moved to Sealy , Texas in 2013 and renamed the Aeroplane Manufactory .
The Gerlach Barklow Co. was an art calendar factory located in Joliet , Illinois , which was `` one of the largest calendar and advertising companies in America . ''
Activ Solar GmbH , headquartered in Vienna , Austria is engaged in the production of polycrystalline silicon ( polysilicon ) for the solar PV industry and the development of large - scale photovoltaic power stations .
Deutscher Volksverband was most active in the Łódź and Tomaszów area .
Signavio is a Berlin- and Silicon Valley - based software vendor in the Business Process Management ( BPM ) space .
Norway Pelagic ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and its head office is in Ålesund , Norway .
The administrative headquarters of the Rehau Group is located in Muri bei Bern , Switzerland .
Bonnett 's Energy Corp. is an open - ended investment trust headquartered in Calgary , Alberta serving the oil and gas production and completion services industry in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin ( `` WCSB '' ) .
Ed Meier respectively the Eduard Meier GmbH was founded in Munich in 1596 and is the oldest existing shoemaking company of Germany .
Dean Media Group is a Chicago - based company that provides marketing services to the financial industry .
Motormouthmedia is a public relations firm based in Los Angeles .
Temasek Cares CLG Ltd ( Temasek Cares ) is a Singapore non - profit philanthropic organisation set up in 2009 to commemorate the 35th anniversary of Temasek Holdings .
Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal is a welfare organization based in Quetta , Pakistan working for the welfare of Hazara people since 1965 .
MD Discount is an Italian global discount supermarket chain , based in Gricignano di Aversa , Italy- It belongs to the holding company Selex Gruppe .
The Norwegian government decided in June 2010 that their ocean management and information system BarentsWatch should be placed in Tromsø .
Arteluce was a company that specialises in lighting and interior design and was founded by aeronautical engineer and modern lighting pioneer Gino Sarfatti in Milan .
In 2013 Tavares and Ozlem relocated and started changed the idea of Moofaces and moved to Sunnyvale , California .
Four Green Steps is an internet environmental organization based in Montreal , Quebec .
Rentrak is headquartered in Portland , Oregon , United States , with additional offices in the United States and around the world .
Seven Lights was a privately held , American developer / publisher of multiplayer online games headquartered in Chicago , Illinois .
The Kissel Motor Car Company was an American automobile and truck manufacturing company founded by Louis Kissel and his sons , George and William , on June 5 , 1906 in Hartford , Wisconsin .
M. Arthur Gensler Jr. & Associates , Inc. , referred to as Gensler , is an American design and architecture firm headquartered in San Francisco .
ReadyForZero is a San Francisco - based startup that provides online , personal financial management tools for paying off debt .
Royal HaskoningDHV is an international , non - listed engineering consultancy firm with headquarters in Amersfoort , Netherlands .
Whitewater Brewery is a craft brewery located in Kilkeel , County Down , and the largest microbrewery in Northern Ireland .
Geopulse Exploration Inc. , founded in 2004 , is a publicly listed junior mineral exploration company with corporate headquarters in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles was the most popular route on Zimride .
Crescent Point Energy Corp. is an oil and gas company based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Berkeley Bowl is an independent grocery store in Berkeley , California .
Comporium Communications formerly The Rock Hill Telephone Company is a local telephone , internet , cable and home security provider that centrally operates in York and Lancaster counties in the north - central section of South Carolina .
Deutz AG is an engine manufacturer , based in Cologne , Germany .
Chocolat Frey AG , based in Buchs in the Swiss Canton of Aargau , manufactures chocolate and chewing gum .
This one is the most important label of Plaza Vea and Supermercados Peruanos has big stores approx . more than 5000 square metres , the first one was opened at Jockey Plaza in Lima in 2001 .
The Center for Research on Islamic Studies was established by the decree of the President of The Republic of Uzbekistan PC № 2282 `` On establishing the Tashkent Islamic University '' April 7 , 1999 and the Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers № 224 of May 6 , 1999 .
In addition to retail locations in San Francisco , Berkeley and Portland , Upper Playground has established affiliated fine art galleries such as Fifty24SF Gallery in San Francisco , Fifty24PDX Gallery in Portland and Fifty24MX Gallery in Mexico City , Mexico .
National Express Group plc is a British multinational public transport company headquartered in Birmingham that operates bus , coach , train and tram services in the United Kingdom , United States , Canada , Spain , Portugal , Malta , Germany and Morocco and long - distance coach services across Europe .
Wharfedale Brewery is a brewery situated in Ilkley in Wharfedale , West Yorkshire , England , on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park .
Computhink 's headquarters are in Lombard , Illinois .
The Montefiore Club was a private social and business association , catering to the Jewish community , located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Lamagama Entertainment is a major Turkish video game developer established in Ankara , Turkey .
Z / Yen is a commercial think - tank , consultancy and venture firm headquartered in the City of London .
Medinfar is a Portuguese pharmaceutical company headquartered in Lisbon .
BelAmi is a gay pornographic film studio with offices in Bratislava , Prague and Budapest .
Agate Studio is an Indonesian video game development company based in Bandung , West Java , Indonesia .
A complete shutdown of Soribada has been ordered by the Seoul High Court which suggested that the site has encouraged users to commit copyright violations .
Kemper Direct Auto and Home Insurance is a direct to consumer auto insurance writer headquartered in Chicago , Illinois .
The Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority ( MRRA ) is a public municipal corporation created in 2007 by the Maine State Legislature to manage the conversion of the former Naval Air Station Brunswick to civilian use .
FAW Group Corporation is a Chinese state - owned automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Changchun , Jilin , China .
Audiogenic Software was a United Kingdom video game developer company .
Librascope was a Glendale , California division of General Precision Inc. founded in 1937 by Lewis W. Imm to improve aircraft load balancing , and acquired by General Precision in 1941 .
The Sample , also known as The Sample Dress Shop or The Sample Shop , was a family - owned , high end department store specializing in upscale ladies clothing and furnishings based in Buffalo , New York .
The New Zealand Herald is a daily newspaper published in Auckland , New Zealand , owned by New Zealand Media and Entertainment .
SDI Media Czech Republic is one of SDI Media Group international branches . It is based in Prague , the capital of the Czech Republic . The company offers dubbing for TV channels and film distributors . The company also commissions Czech dubs for Animax .
Moody Publishers ( a not - for - profit organization ) is a part of the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago .
Harken , Inc. is an international manufacturer specializing in performance sailing hardware and industrial solutions , headquartered in Pewaukee , Wisconsin , USA .
Packers Plus Energy Services , Inc. is a privately held , Calgary - based oil and gas service company .
Hathorn Davey was a British manufacturer of steam engines , based in Leeds .
Opera Lafayette is an opera company based in Washington , D.C. that produces French operas from the 17th and 18th centuries .
The Prayag Film City , also known as the Midnapore Film City or Chandrakona Film City , is supposed to be a mega size integrated complex and a one - stop entertainment destination to be opened to the public in two phases at Chandrakona , West Midnapore , 165 km from Kolkata .
Worker Studio is an American animation and visual effects company based in Centennial , Colorado , founded in 2009 by Michael `` Ffish '' Hemschoot .
Bay Ferries Limited , referred to simply as Bay Ferries , is a ferry company operating in eastern Canada and is headquartered in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island .
Higher Octave Music is a sub - label imprint of Narada Productions , which , since 2013 , is part of Universal Music Group 's Capitol Music Group , located in Los Angeles .
The Enstrom Helicopter Corporation is a Chinese - owned design and manufacturing company , based at the Menominee - Marinette Twin County Airport ( ICAO airport code : KMNM ) in Michigan , United States .
Brenneke GmbH is a German manufacturer of ammunition and bullets , based in Langenhagen , Lower Saxony .
Monogram Biosciences Inc. ( formerly ViroLogic Inc. ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of LabCorp , is an international biotechnology laboratory located in South San Francisco , California , USA .
Mike Hewland ran a small engineering business at Maidenhead in the UK with the specialty in gear cutting .
Z Electric Vehicle Corporation ( ZEV ) is an electric scooter manufacturer and distributor based in Morgantown , West Virginia , with test facilities in Waynesboro , Pennsylvania .
Jannuzzi Smith is a design studio founded in 1993 by Michele Jannuzzi ( 1967 ) and Richard Smith ( 1967 ) in London .
Bay of Quinte Yacht Club is a boating club based in Belleville , Ontario , Canada , located on the shores of the Bay of Quinte .
POSCO ( formerly Pohang Iron and Steel Company ) is a multinational steel - making company headquartered in Pohang , South Korea .
Purple Strategies is an American communications firm headquartered in Alexandria , Virginia and founded in 2008 .
City Dairy Company Limited was a dairy company founded by Walter Edward Massey ( President of Massey - Harris ) in 1900 to milk in the city of Toronto .
Slyce Inc. is a visual search and recognition company headquartered in Toronto .
EnergySolutions , headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , is one of the world 's largest processors of low level waste ( LLW ) , and is the largest nuclear waste company in the United States .
Formerly a NASDAQ listed public company , InFocus was purchased by Image Holdings Corp. , owned by John Hui , in 2009 and is now a wholly owned subsidiary headquartered in Tigard , Oregon .
Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin , Germany .
The Royal College of General Practitioners ( RCGP ) is the professional body for general ( medical ) practitioners ( GPs / Family Physicians / Primary Care Physicians ) in the United Kingdom .
Fearon Publishers , is a United States publishing company based in Belmont , California .
' Wine.com ' is a San Francisco based online wine retailer that offers a selection of wines , gift baskets , gift certificates and monthly wine clubs .
Alpina Burkard Bovensiepen GmbH & Co. KG is an automobile manufacturing company based in Buchloe , in the Ostallgäu district of Bavaria , Germany selling their own cars , based on BMW cars .
Hogan Lovells is a multinational law firm co - headquartered in London and Washington , D.C ..
Headquartered in Washington , D.C. , LivingSocial now has roughly 20 million members around the world .
The company headquarters were consolidated with AlliedSignal 's headquarters in Morristown , New Jersey ; however the combined company chose the name `` Honeywell '' because of its superior brand recognition .
Havelbus , or Havelbus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH , is the largest bus operating company in Brandenburg , Germany , serving the areas of Potsdam , Potsdam - Mittelmark and Havelland .
Talum is a major Slovenian company based in Kidričevo and specialised in alumina and aluminium products with an annual production capacity of around 156,000 tonnes .
The Austria Classic Hotel Wien is a three - star hotel , located on Praterstraße in Vienna 's second district , the Leopoldstadt .
DoRo Produktion Ges.mbH aka DoRo Productions is a film company based in Vienna , Austria .
Hako GmbH is a manufacturer of street sweeping equipment and ultra - light commercial vehicles , headquartered in Bad Oldesloe , Germany with customers in about sixty countries .
NZ Bus , formerly Stagecoach New Zealand , is New Zealand 's largest bus company , operating in Auckland and Wellington , with a fleet of around 1,100 vehicles .
Emack & Bolio 's is a chain of ice cream stores based in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Bio - Synthesis , Inc. ( BSI ) is a biotechnology company headquartered in Lewisville , Texas .
Based in Sturgis , South Dakota , Cor - Bon / Glaser Ammunition originated when Peter Pi Sr . started making handgun hunting ammo back in 1982 for himself and industry professionals traveling to Africa .
Artoon was situated in Yokohama , Kanagawa prefecture , Japan .
EUCOPE ( www.eucope.org ) was founded in 2008 in Brussels and promotes companies and associations active in research , development , production and distribution of pharmaceutical products and enhances their scientific , technical , economic and legal objectives .
Whiskas is made in McLean , Virginia in the USA by the company formerly known as Pedigree Pet Foods .
The J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. was founded in 1924 by Joseph M. Martinac on the Thea Foss Waterway in Tacoma , Washington .
With the national office located in Austin , Texas , Atticus Circle focuses on straight allies of the LGBT social movements .
Sandvine Incorporated is a networking equipment company based in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada .
Grupo Financiero Banorte , S.A.B. de C.V. , doing business as Banorte and as Ixe , is a Mexican banking and financial services holding company with headquarters in Monterrey and Mexico City , Mexico .
Geely ( officially Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co. , Ltd ) is a Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Hangzhou , Zhejiang , China .
Klépierre owns , leases and manages a portfolio of office properties located in the business districts of Central and Western Paris .
HubSpot is a company based in Cambridge , Massachusetts that develops and markets a software product for inbound marketing also called HubSpot .
Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Company Limited , or Yuyuan Tourist Mart , is the largest retailing conglomerate in China .
An unusual car , made in Paris by M. Dimitri Sensaud de Lavaud , a Brazilian , it had an automatic transmission .
Summit Brewing Company is a regional craft brewery in Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States , that brews a wide selection of popular beers .
Jerome Peribere is the CEO of the Elmwood Park , New Jersey headquartered Sealed Air .
Palmer Home for Children is a Christian non - profit organization providing residential care without charge and an introduction to God through service , to children who have a need for viable placement , located in Columbus , Mississippi and Hernando , Mississippi .
American Pathology Partners , Inc. ( otherwise referred to as APP or AP2 ) is a privately held medical laboratory company headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee .
AccuSystems LLC is an American company headquartered in Pueblo , Colorado that develops , licenses , supports , and sells document imaging software and electronic document management , primarily to the banking and finance industries .
ModelSheet Software LLC is a venture - funded software company focused on business analytics and based in Arlington , Massachusetts .
Israel Railway Museum ( Hebrew : מוזיאון רכבת ישראל‎ ) is the national railway museum of Israel , located in Haifa .
Bidco Africa , previously Bidco Oil Refineries Limited , is a multinational consumer goods company headquartered in Thika , Kenya with subsidiaries and distributorships across 16 countries in East Africa , Central Africa , and Southern Africa .
The New Deal Cafe is a restaurant and community coffee house in the historic Roosevelt Center of Greenbelt , Maryland .
Samoo Architects & Engineers ( SAMOO ) , headquartered in Seoul , South Korea , is a multinational professional services firm which provides architectural design , engineering , interior design , urban design , sustainable design , construction management , and building information modeling services .
Citilink is a low - cost airline headquartered in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Old Time Pottery is an expanding discount home décor retailer based in Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
The FH Aachen is situated in Aachen and in Jülich .
Founded in 1948 in Antímano , Caracas , Sidetur now has six plants , all in Venezuela .
Associated Wholesalers , Inc. is a retailers ' cooperative based in Robesonia , Pennsylvania .
Richway was the discount department store division of Atlanta - based Rich 's .
Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc ( Ukrainian : Блок Леоніда Черновецького ) was a regional political alliance supporting the Mayor of Kiev Leonid Chernovetskyi based in the city of Kiev .
IGATE is an IT services company , headquartered in Bridgewater , New Jersey .
The Salta Renewal Party ( Spanish : Partido Renovador de Salta ; PRS ) is a conservative provincial political party in Salta Province , Argentina .
Ouibox is a website headquartered in Lexington , Kentucky .
Sand 9 is a fabless Micro - electromechanical system ( MEMS ) company based in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
De Buyer ( pronounced Dee Bou yeh ) is a French cookware manufacturer , founded in 1830 , from the village Le Val - d'Ajol in the Vosges department .
The New York Times ( sometimes abbreviated to NYT ) is an American daily newspaper , founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18 , 1851 , by the New York Times Company .
Windflow Technology is a company based in Christchurch , New Zealand known for its unique wind turbine gearbox design .
GTM Cars is a component kit car manufacturer located in Kingswinford , UK .
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd , ( abbreviated as RINL ) , also known as Vizag Steel , is an Indian government - owned steel producer , Based in Visakhapatnam ,
Legal Services NYC ( LSNYC ) is a non - profit organization that provides free civil legal assistance to low income people in New York City .
Namogoo Technologies Ltd. is an Israeli security company , with offices in New York City , London and Tel Aviv .
Citizen Film is a San Francisco - based documentary company founded in 2002 by Sam Ball , Sophie Constantinou and Kate Stilley Steiner .
The Society of Gynecologic Oncology ( SGO ) , headquartered in Chicago , Illinois , is a national society of physicians trained in treating female reproductive cancers , especially gynecologic oncologists .
Heavy Iron Studios is an American video game developer , based in Los Angeles , California .
The Printing House Ltd. ( TPH ® ) is a Canadian printing company based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Misr Spinning and Weaving Company ( Arabic : شركة مصر للغزل والنسيج‎ ) , also known as Misr Helwan or the El - Ghazl factory , is a large , publicly - owned textile company located in El - Mahalla El - Kubra within the Nile Delta of Egypt , approximately 80 kilometers north of Cairo .
Woori Financial Group is a Seoul - based banking and financial services holdings company and is the largest bank in South Korea .
Parc Safari , an animal and amusement park was founded in 1972 .
The Scientific Committee on Food ( SCF ) , established in 1974 , was the main committee providing the European Commission with scientific advice on food safety .
Meteor Games was an independent online gaming studio formed in 2007 by Neopets founders Adam Powell and Donna Powell .
On August 5 , 1884 the Boers formed the Nieuwe Republiek ( New Republic ) with Vryheid as its capital and it 's sovereignty was recognized by Germany and Portugal .
Citect began as a subsidiary of Alfa Laval in 1973 .
The park was created primarily to protect an estimated population of 15,000 lowland gorillas on 28 December 2012 when the Congolese Ministerial Council and President Denis Sassou Nguesso adopted the Decree Establishing the Ntokou - Pikounda National Park .
Under the direction of producer Dan Calderone and ANZA Records , Newquist performed virtually all of the instruments recorded for the Caroline 's Spine self - titled debut album in 1993 .
Al - Bassel High School for Outstanding Students ( Arabic : ثانوية الباسل للمتفوقين‎ ) , founded in 1998 , was the first high school established in Syria to provide secondary education exclusively for superior students .
The Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships ( or Ski - JWOC ) were first held in 1994 .
The Forum for Democratic Change ( FDC ) , founded on 16 December 2004 , is the main opposition party in Uganda .
Socialist Workers ' Current ( Portuguese : Corrente Socialista dos Trabalhadores , CST ) is a Trotskyist political organisation in Brazil , created in 1992 by a split of the Socialist Convergence .
The Principality of Grubenhagen was a subdivision of the Duchy of Brunswick - Lüneburg , ruled by the Grubenhagen line of the House of Welf from 1291 .
Emory University School of Medicine traces its origins back to 1915 when the Atlanta Medical College ( founded 1854 ) , the Southern Medical College ( 1878 ) , and the Atlanta School of Medicine ( founded 1905 ) merged .
Salford Crescent railway station in Salford , Greater Manchester , England opened by British Rail in 1987 .
Türkmen Owazy ( Turkmen Melody ) is a Turkmen music TV channel , broadcasting since 2009 in the Turkmen language .
Perugia Press is an American not - for - profit poetry press located in Florence , Massachusetts and founded in 1997 by Editor and Director Susan Kan. The press publishes one collection of poetry each year , by a woman poet chosen from its annual book contest , the Perugia Press Prize .
Imperial College Press ( ICP ) was formed in 1995 as a partnership between Imperial College of Science , Technology and Medicine in London and World Scientific publishing .
An umbrella organization , the Juventutem International Federation ( F.I.J. ) was founded on 24 May 2006 .
The British Astronomical Association ( BAA ) was formed in 1890 as a national body to support the UK 's amateur astronomers .
Jurong Institute was formed in 1989 as Singapore 's second centralised institute .
Ride for Reading ( established in 2008 ) is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization located in Nashville , Tennessee that donates books to children from low - income areas and hosts fund - raising events to promote literacy , as well as educating children about bicycling .
Avenged Sevenfold ( sometimes abbreviated as A7X ) is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach , California , formed in 1999 .
VSI Translation & Subtitling BV was set up in 2001 by Managing Director of the VSI Group , Norman Dawood , and Ron van Broekhoven .
Sarke is a metal band from Oslo , Norway , formed in 2008 .
The Korean Rangers Foundation ( KRF ) was founded in 2005 to draw together National Park Rangers from professionalism across South Korea , to develop a national identity as Korean Rangers and to provide support for new professionals .
The Royal Higher Education Center ( in Spanish : Centro de Estudios Superiores Royal ) also known as Royal University , is a private university founded on August 2003 in the city of Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , México .
On November 17 , 1998 , the former Baoshan Iron and Steel ( Group ) Corporation absorbed the Shanghai Metallurgical Holding Group Corporation ( 上海冶金控股集团公司 ) and the Shanghai Meishan Group Co. ( 上海梅山集团公司 ) to form Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation .
Nuphonic was an independent record label that were based in London , England from 1994 to 2002 .
The Mayborn Museum Complex is a 142,000-square - foot ( 13,200 m2 ) facility that opened in May 2004 at Baylor University in Waco , Texas .
Burnin ' Daylight was formed in 1995 by Sonny LeMaire , Kurt Howell , and Marc Beeson .
Prism Comics incorporated in April 2003 in the state of Georgia , and received its 501(c)(3 ) charitable status shortly thereafter .
The Four Seasons Hotel and Residences Toronto is a complex consisting of a 669-foot , 55-story residential condominium tower and a 125-meter , 30-story hotel tower located in the Yorkville district in Toronto , Ontario , Canada which opened on October 5 , 2012 .
The program was established by Executive Order 10924 , issued by President John F. Kennedy on March 1 , 1961 , announced by televised broadcast March 2 , 1961 , and authorized by Congress on September 21 , 1961 , with passage of the Peace Corps Act ( Pub . L. 87 - -293 ) .
Overnewton Anglican Community College ( more commonly known as ' OACC ' ) is an independent , co - educational , day school , founded in 1987 .
Since 2004 , Baphomet Engine have had regular bookings on Brazilian PsyTrance Circuit for the most important party organizers and festivals on the Brazilian scene .
The Movement for United Georgia is a ( non - registered ) Georgian political party founded by former Defense Minister Irakli Okruashvili on 27 September 2007 .
Ranua Wildlife Park ( Finnish : Ranuan eläinpuisto , better known as Ranua Zoo ) is a zoo that opened in 1983 in the municipality of Ranua , Lapland , Finland .
The Nikon D300S is a 12.3-megapixel DX format digital single - lens reflex camera ( DSLR ) announced by Nikon on 30 July 2009 .
The Irish Unionist Alliance ( IUA ) , also known as the Irish Unionist Party or simply the Unionists , was a unionist political party founded in Ireland in 1891 from the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union to oppose plans for Home Rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Amoco Corporation , originally Standard Oil Company ( Indiana ) , was a global chemical and oil company that was founded in 1889 around a refinery located in Whiting , Indiana , United States .
European Chess Union is an independent association founded in 1985 in Graz , Austria .
Sporting Index was founded in April 1992 with 5 members of staff and a handful of clients .
The St. Davids Polo and Racing Club , established in 1998 , is a Welsh polo club , notable for its charity polo days at Fonmon Castle , Cardiff .
Carmel Beach Railway Station was built during the first half of 1999 as part of the Carmel Beach Transport complex on the southern outskirts of Haifa .
Brothers - Valleys were a rugby league team formed from a merger between the Brothers and Fortitude Valley Diehards teams in 2002 .
Kids in the Way was an American Christian rock band formed in Noblesville , Indiana in 1997 .
The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 24 , 1893 as `` The American University , '' when the bill was approved by President Benjamin Harrison .
Founded in 1986 , Fundex Games produces many different games including card games , dice games , domino - based games , magic tricks , board games , and children 's toys .
Danish Union of Journalists ( Dansk Journalistforbund , DJ ) is a Danish trade union for journalists , graphic designers , communication officers , photographers , media technicians , etc . , which was founded on 1 January 1961 .
The Executive MBA Council is an educational accreditation council formed in 1981 to accredit schools of business offering EMBA degrees worldwide .
Špancirfest ( pronounced ( ʃpaŋtsir̩fɛst ) ) is a street festival that is held every year since 1999 in Varaždin , Croatia , and lasts for 10 days .
Europcar is a French car rental company founded in 1949 in Paris . The head office of the holding company , Europcar Group S.A. , is in the business park of Val Saint - Quentin at Voisins - le - Bretonneux ( Saint Quentin en Yvelines ) , France .
The National Museum of Lithuania ( Lithuanian : Lietuvos nacionalinis muziejus ) , established in 1952 , is a state - sponsored historical museum that encompasses several significant structures and a wide collection of written materials and artifacts .
Serpukhov was established in 1339 to protect the southern approaches to Moscow .
The British Egg Industry Council is an organisation set up in 1986 to represent the British egg industry .
The Koala Park Sanctuary was built in the 1920s and opened in October 1930 by the owner Noel Burnet .
WangDAT was a magnetic tape data storage company founded in 1988 by Ben C. Wang .
AXA Canada was founded in 1905 as La Prévoyance insurance company .
Parrots International was founded in 2005 as a non - profit organization dedicated to parrots conservation , field research and companion parrot welfare and from that day this organization is working for saving the endangered species of parrots .
Landstown High School Governor 's STEM and Technology Academy is a public secondary school located in Virginia Beach , Virginia which first opened in 2001 .
VOSS Solutions was established in 2003 and presently headquartered in Richardson , Texas , United States , with additional offices in Reading , Berkshire , United Kingdom and Cape Town , South Africa .
The Excelsior - Henderson Motorcycle Company was founded as Hanlon Manufacturing Company by Daniel Hanlon during early 1993 in Burnsville , Minnesota , USA .
It was first mentioned in 1382 as a settlement of Pudoga , which would later be called Pudozhsky Pogost .
Miss Italia nel Mondo or Miss Italy in the World is an Italian beauty pageant for women of Italian heritage which has been held since 1991 .
Muumuu House is an independent , small press publishing company based in Manhattan , New York that was founded by writer Tao Lin in 2008 .
Age of Days ( formerly Age of Daze ) is a Canadian alternative rock band that formed in Fredericton , New Brunswick in 2005 .
Monad Public School is a co - educational school founded at Gadarpur ( near Rudrapur ) , Uttarakhand , India , in 1996 .
Snake Nation Press is the largest independent publisher in Georgia and among the largest in the South it was founded in 1989 by Robert George , the former director of Lowndes / Valdosta Arts Commission , and Jean Arambula .
Yingli Green Energy was established in 1998 by Liansheng Miao , who remains the company 's chairman and CEO .
Tantara is a thrash metal band from Hamar , Norway , formed in 2009 .
FLSmidth and Co. A / S was founded in Copenhagen on 2 January 1882 by Frederik Læssøe Smidth .
The Samples is a band formed in Boulder , CO in 1987 .
Ice Music Festival ( initiated 2006 in Geilo , Norway ) is a glasial instrument festival founded by Terje Isungset together with Pål Knutsson Medhus .
Lorcin Engineering Company was a firearms manufacturer established in 1989 by Jim Waldorf .
Established in 1992 , it is run and managed by a duly registered Fatima Jinnah Dental College & Hospital Trust .
In June 1997 , Alternativna TV was registered as a media company at the Ministry of Information of the Republic of Srpska , and since 2001 it has been a member of the Mreža Plus network .
Mournful Congregation is a funeral doom metal band from Adelaide , South Australia , Australia which was founded in 1993 , and has included members of Chalice .
Filmscape Sdn Bhd is one of the media and entertainment companies founded in Malaysia in 1994 by Kabir Bhatia .
Savannah Arts Academy was granted charter school status and the former Savannah High School building in July 1998 , and opened in August of the same year with 397 students enrolled .
Gulf Traveller was founded on 1 June 2003 as part of the Gulf Air three year restructuring and turnaround programme instigated by James Hogan .
The Steepwater Band is an American rock band formed in Chicago in 1998 by the trio of Jeff Massey ( guitars and vocals ) , Joe Winters ( drums ) , and Tod Bowers ( bass ) .
Mistress and Maid was painted over the years 1666 - -1667 on a canvas .
Seshachala Educational Society was established in 1998 by its founder and chairman sri S.V. Subbaiah , in Puttur of Chittoor district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
1927 - ČsSK Česká Lípa 1945 - Sokol Česká Lípa 1946 - Sokol Železničáři Česká Lípa 1948 - Sokol Tatra Česká Lípa 1953 - DSO Spartak Česká Lípa 1960 - TJ Spoza Česká Lípa 1961 - TJ SZ Česká Lípa 1977 - TJ Vagonka Česká Lípa ? - FK Česká Lípa 2008 - Arsenal Česká Lípa
Music Central is a barbershop chorus based in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; it was formed in 1995 with the goal of being a competitive , exciting , and fun chorus .
Art school friends Elin , Merete , Matt , and Anthony formed Je Suis Animal in Oslo , Norway , in 2004 , putting together a delicate , reverb - kissed sound that nodded to old - school indie pop acts like My Bloody Valentine , Stereolab , and the Shop Assistants .
The Latvian National Independence Movement ( Latvian : Latvijas Nacionālās Neatkarības Kustība , LNNK ) was a political organization in Latvia from 1988 until the mid-1990s .
Transformative Media LLC was founded in 2014 as a digital production company .
Larz - Kristerz is a Swedish dansband founded in Älvdalen , Sweden in 2001 , and winner of the 2008 edition of Dansbandskampen .
The Musée Rodin in Paris , France , is a museum that was opened in 1919 , dedicated to the works of the French sculptor Auguste Rodin .
Stage One of the Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre , which occupies some 3,000 sqm of purpose - built display area was officially opened on 9th Dec 2006 .
Ritual Aesthetic is an American industrial band founded in 2013 based in Denver , Colorado , United States .
New Langton Arts was a not - for - profit arts organization focusing on contemporary art founded in 1975 in San Francisco , California .
The MOBO Awards for `` Music of Black Origin '' were established in 1996 by Kanya King and Andy Ruffell .
KMFM Medway launched on 1 September 1997 as Medway FM , broadcasting on 100.4 and 107.9 FM , following a four - year campaign .
Fluidigm was founded in 1999 as `` Mycometrix '' by Steve Quake and Gajus Worthington .
Veolia Water Central , Veolia Water Southeast and Veolia Water East were brought together as one company , under the Affinity Water brand on 1 October 2012 .
Delirium Books , launched in the Summer of 1999 by Shane Ryan Staley , is recognized as one of the premiere horror publishers in the collector 's market , producing low print run limited editions intended for both collectors and readers alike .
DYRBERG / KERN is a Danish jewellery company founded by Gitte Dyrberg and Henning Kern in 1985 .
Sheru Classic Production ( SCP ) is an Indian fitness company founded in 2006 by Sheru Aangrish , India 's second professional bodybuilder , which organizes the annual Sheru Classic pro - bodybuilding competition , since 2011 .
Architecture and Vision ( AV ) is an international and multidisciplinary partnership working in architecture , design and art . It was established in 2003 , and is directed by architect Arturo Vittori based in Bomarzo Viterbo , Italy and Andreas Vogler based in Munich , Germany .
Jerudong International School ( JIS ) , established in 1997 , is a boarding and day school in Brunei .
Lemon Jelly is a British electronic music duo from London , formed in 1998 .
Ecoult was originally formed in 2007 by the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) .
Spree TV is a digital advertorial datacasting service that launched on 17 September 2013 by Ten Network Holdings and Brand Developers .
The Blavatnik School of Government ( BSG ) is a global school of public policy founded in 2010 at the University of Oxford in England .
The University of Dallas School of Ministry began in 1987 as the Institute for Religious and Pastoral Studies ( IRPS ) , offering masters degrees in theological studies ( MTS ) and religious education ( MRE ) .
Bwin -- known as betandwin from its founding until 2006 -- began life with 12 employees in 1997 .
Bialogue founded in 2005 , and is the merger of two older New York City based activist / political groups BiPAC and the Coalition for Unity and Inclusion .
In November 2011 Hugo Chávez , President of Venezuela , announced that the Ministry of Transport and Communications would be divided into two ministries , the Ministry of Aquatic and Air Transport and the Ministry of Ground Transport .
It currently holds eight of the 64 Christian seats in Lebanon 's parliament and is therefore the second largest Christian party in parliament The Lebanese Forces were originally created in 1976 as an umbrella organization co - ordinating all the right - wing party militias of the Lebanese Front , mainly composed of the Kataeb Party .
The Chiefs held their first assembly as `` the Assembly of First Nations '' ( AFN ) in Penticton , British Columbia , in April 1982 .
It was founded by Henry J. Heinz in 1869 .
Originally a part of the Journal of Applied Physics , Applied Physics Reviews began being published independently in January 2014 with volume numbering restarting at 1 .
John Flansburgh 's Mono Puff EP ( 1995 ) Unsupervised ( 1996 ) The Devil Went Down To Newport EP ( 1996 ) The Hal Cragin Years EP ( 1996 ) The Steve Calhoon Years EP ( 1996 ) It 's Fun to Steal ( 1998 )
The Miss Paraguay beauty pageant , created in 1957 by Guillermo Rolon ( President of Miss Paraguay ) , nowadays sends delegates to Reinado Internacional del Café held annually in Colombia , Miss Ambar Mundial , Miss Teen Panamericana , Miss Intercontinental , and Miss Globe International held each year in the eastern Mediterranean region .
Planes Mistaken for Stars is a post - hardcore band formed in Peoria , Illinois in 1997 .
Blue Noses , also known as The Blue Noses Group , considered the most famous of contemporary Russian provocateur art groups , founded in 1999 and consists of works and exhibitions by two Siberian artists :
The West Midlands Ghost Club is a ghost - hunting club formed in 1989 .
Hello Venus ( Hangul : 헬로비너스 ; often stylized as HELLOVENUS ) is a South Korean girl group formed by Tricell Media , a joint venture between Pledis Entertainment and Fantagio , in 2012 .
The Neutral Free Austria Federation ( German : Bündnis Neutrales Freies Österreich , NFÖ ) was a political party in Austria founded on 17 March 2003 .
Churchwood formed in 2007 in Austin , Texas and signed with Saustex Media in 2010 .
The Berliner Ensemble ( German pronunciation : ( bɛʁˈliːnɐ ãˈsãːbəl ) ) is a German theatre company established by playwright Bertolt Brecht and his wife , Helene Weigel in January 1949 in East Berlin .
The Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs ( also called DIMA ) was an Australian government department that existed between January 2006 and January 2007 .
Colorado Pride was an American women 's soccer club originally founded in 1994 .
The company was founded in 1984 by Karl Steinberg and Manfred Rürup with the support of Nicole Rürup with headquarters in Hamburg .
Palatinate - Neuburg ( German : Herzogtum Pfalz - Neuburg ) is a former territory of the Holy Roman Empire , founded in 1505 by a branch of the House of Wittelsbach .
Solidarity Union was a short lived trade union in New Zealand and was founded by activists and delegates , including Joe Carolan of Socialist Aotearoa in August 2006 .
The Georg Dehio Book Prize began in 2004 , and is awarded every other year , alternating with the Georg Dehio Cultural Prize , which was first offered in 2003 .
The Tom Fun Orchestra was formed in Sydney , Nova Scotia in 2005 by singer - songwriter Ian MacDougall .
The European Association for Research on Learning and Instruction ( EARLI ) was founded at Leuven University ( Belgium ) in 1985 to support research in the field of learning and instruction .
The Demon 's Claws was founded in 2003 by Jeff Clarke ( aka Lester Del Ray and Rudy Stanko ) , a former member of the Cut Offs and the Normals .
The White Pine Award is an annual literature award sponsored by the Ontario Library Association ( OLA ) that has awarded Canadian young adult books since 2002 .
The Sony Alpha 300 ( a300 ) is a camera that was released in 2008 soon after the a200 and a350 .
Alcovy High School opened to serve grades 9 - 12 in the 2006 - 2007 school year .
In 1996 , Ciba - Geigy merged with Sandoz , and the pharmaceutical and agrochemical divisions of both companies formed Novartis as an independent entity .
Rundle Academy ( est . 1996 ) is an Independent School in Calgary , Alberta , that specializes in the instruction of students who have learning disabilities .
Stinson Morrison Hecker was formed by the May 1 , 2002 merger between Stinson , Mag & Fizzell and Morrison & Hecker .
Shri Venkateshwara University is a privately funded State University established through an act of State Legislature of Uttar Pradesh ( act 26 of 2010 ) .
God Forbid was an American metalcore band formed in 1996 in East Brunswick , New Jersey .
Transocean traces its roots back to 1953 , when the Birmingham , Alabama - based Southern Natural Gas Company , later Sonat , created The Offshore Company after acquiring the joint drilling operation DeLong - McDermott from DeLong Engineering and J. Ray McDermott .
In 1990 attendees of the Cascade Conference organized the Mainstream Republicans of Washington as a permanent advocacy group .
The Dendi Kingdom ( 1591 - -1901 ) was a West African state in modern - day Niger founded by the Songhai people after the collapse of their empire Songhai .
Bunny Huang Records , formed in 2002 is an arts collective from Bergen County , New Jersey .
Founded in 1958 , Kent Wildlife Trust is the leading conservation charity for Kent and Medway , with the purpose of protecting wildlife , educating the public , influencing decision makers and restoring habitats .
Goa University was established under the Goa University Act of 1984 ( Act No . 7 of 1984 ) and commenced operations on 1 June 1985 .
Fenimore Art Museum 's parent organization , the New York State Historical Association , was founded in 1899 by five New Yorkers interested in promoting a greater knowledge of the early history of the state .
Originally named Valparaiso Male and Female College , Valparaiso University was founded in 1859 as one of the first coeducation colleges in the United States .
The museum opened to the public on 11 May 2005 and Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chaki Sirindhorn graciously presided over the official inauguration of Southeast Asian Ceramics Museum on 20 November 2009 with exhibits on ancient ceramic production in Thailand and the history of Thai and other Asian trade ceramics .
Colga F.C. is a football club from Kilcolgan , Ireland , which was founded in 1996 .
Münnich Motorsport GmbH , which also competes under the title All - Inkl.com Racing , is an auto racing team founded by German racing driver and entrepreneur René Münnich in 2006 .
David Eugene Edwards and Pascal Humbert formed 16 Horsepower in 1992 in Los Angeles , California , where they had met building movie sets for Roger Corman 's Hollywood Studios .
Established by the University of Pittsburgh in 2009 , the Nicholas Rescher Prize for Systematic Philosophy is intended to counter present - day tendencies to narrow specialization by rewarding and showcasing the work of philosophers who have addressed the historical `` big questions '' of the field in ways that nevertheless command the respect of specialists .
The Spokane Chiefs was also the name of the hockey team that played in the Western International Hockey League from 1982 to 1985 .
On 18 April 1972 A.D. the Mising Agom Kebang ( MAK ) , the highest body of the Mising people , was established in the district of Dhemaji , Assam .
ICC annual reports The Richmond , Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad was chartered on February 25 , 1834 to run from Richmond north via Fredericksburg to the Potomac River .
Kalisia is a French progressive metal band founded in 1994 .
The National Biodiversity Authority ( NBA ) is a statutory autonomous body under the Ministry of Environment and Forests , Government of India established in 2003 to implement the provisions under the National Biological Diversity Act , 2002 , after India signed Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) in 1992 .
On November 23 , 1993 the 3rd Alpini Regiment was recreated and the `` Susa '' became its single battalion .
Jim Crawford , formerly an insurance company claims manager , founded Crawford & Company in 1941 with the idea that an independent claims adjusting firm could provide insurers with a cost effective and efficient alternative to in - house adjusters .
The Young Dubliners ( sometimes shortened to the Young Dubs ) is an American rock band , formed in Los Angeles , California in 1988 .
Jetix Europe launched GXT as a male teen channel in May 2005 on Mondo Sky .
TVN Gra(eng . TVN Game ) was an interactive games channel that launched in March 2005 .
Celesty is a Finnish power metal band from Seinäjoki , formed in 1998 .
Founded in 1991 , Intelligen was born out of research work carried out at the Biotechnology Process Engineering Center of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
The Florentine Prigioni ( Young Slave , Bearded Slave , Atlas Slave and the Awakening Slave ) were probably carved instead in the second half of the 1520s , while Michelangelo was employed at San Lorenzo in Florence ( but historians suggest dates between 1519 and 1534 ) .
SeaFrance began operations between Dover and Calais in 1996 after the termination of a pooling agreement with Sealink ( by then known as Stena Sealink Line ) in 1995 .
Beck University was a web - based education program launched in July 2010 by American radio and television host Glenn Beck 's Mercury Radio Arts .
The Seattle International Film Festival ( SIFF ) , held annually in Seattle , Washington since 1976 , is among the top film festivals in North America .
Shot Down Sun was an American deathcore band from Haverhill , Massachusetts formed in 2001 .
The station was assigned the KAKU - LP call sign on November 6 , 2003 , and was granted a license to cover on February 2 , 2006 .
Meetic is an online dating service founded in November 2001 .
Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band from Burlington , Ontario , formed in 1990 .
Die Brücke ( The Bridge ) was a group of German expressionist artists formed in Dresden in 1905 , after which the Brücke Museum in Berlin was named .
The station was initially granted a license by the Federal Communications Commission on September 25 , 1997 ( KZSD - LP 's actual sign - on date is currently unknown ) .
Bank of Copenhagen is a Danish bank that was founded on September 27 , 1979 , with the name `` Den Københavnske Bank '' ( Bank of Copenhagen ) .
Joey Cape 's Bad Loud is an alternative music project that was started in 2011 by punk rock singer Joey Cape , frontman of California punk bands Lagwagon and Bad Astronaut .
The Tribunals Service was an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice in the United Kingdom between April 2006 and March 2011 .
The Medical University of Łódź was founded on October 1 , 2002 as a merger of the Medical Academy of Łódź ( founded January 1 , 1950 ) and the Military Medical Academy of Łódź ( founded July 1 , 1958 ) .
Since its founding in 1964 , the German Development Institute / Deutsches Institut für Entwicklungspolitik ( DIE ) has based its work on the interplay between Research , Consulting and Training .
Giacomini was founded in 1951 by Alberto Giacomini as a small manufacture workshop producing brass taps .
The Balmoral Grist Mill Museum is a restored 1874 water powered grist mill located in Balmoral Mills , Nova Scotia .
Titan Magazines launched in 1995 with Star Trek Magazine with John Freeman as first editor , although it had previously published several one shot film tie - in titles .
Domaine du Chalet Pouilly is a family wine business founded in 1850 that produces three Chardonnay wines :
Savuka was a band formed in 1986 by English - born South African Johnny Clegg after the disbanding of his first band , Juluka .
Shangri - La Plaza opened on November 21 , 1991 and contains more than 300 shops and restaurants .
Kashtayit State Marine Conservation Area ( SMCA ) is one of 36 new marine protected areas adopted by the California Fish and Game Commission in December , 2010 during the third phase of the Marine Life Protection Act Initiative .
Amphetamine Reptile Records ( or AmRep Industries ) is a nationally renowned record label which was founded in 1986 by then - US Marine Tom Hazelmyer in Washington State , US .
Emil Deleuran Poulsen founded The Economic Local List for Students in 2013 to get the younger voters in Slagelse to become more invested in local politics .
Tony Mamone and Danny Khatib founded the company in 2006 as Zimbio , Inc. The company changed its name to Livingly Media in August 2012 , shortly after acquiring Lonny Magazine .
Founded in 1972 by ( Sir ) Frank Delisle with a single twin - prop aircraft , Carib Aviation provided charter and scheduled flights throughout the Caribbean from its main base in Antigua .
Demoniac were a heavy metal band from New Zealand formed in Wellington in 1993 by singer and bass player Lindsay Dawson , guitarist Sam Totman and Drummer Steve Francis .
New England Compounding Center ( NECC ) is a compounding pharmacy founded in 1998 .
D'espairsRay ( formerly stylized as DéspairsRay or + DéspairsRay+ ) was a Japanese visual kei rock band active from 1999 to 2011 .
The original White House Astronomy Night was held in 2009 on the South Lawn .
Terra Nova National Park was created in 1957 and was the first National Park in Newfoundland and Labrador .
The New York Tattoo Museum is a museum that opened in 2010 .
Eurocom ( formerly Eurocom Entertainment Software ) was a British video game developer founded in October 1988 by Mat Sneap , Chris Shrigley , Hugh Binns , Tim Rogers and Neil Baldwin , to specifically develop games for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Scarletta Press , Inc. is a Minneapolis - based publishing company , established in 2005 , and distributed by Publishers Group West / Perseus Books Group .
Through the Eyes of the Dead is an American deathcore band from Florence , South Carolina , formed in 2003 .
Welsh Water originated from the privatisation in 1989 of water supply and waste water arms of the Welsh Water Authority which itself had its origins in the Welsh National Water Development Authority that was created by the 1973 restructuring of the water industry in England and Wales .
The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia was established on 31 May 1990 , during the government of Stjepan Mesić .
ACT UP was effectively formed in March 1987 at the Lesbian and Gay Community Services Center in New York .
Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions is the production company created in 1996 by Amy Sherman - Palladino to produce Love and Marriage .
Grace Digital , Inc. was founded in 2007 , by James D. Palmer and Greg Fadul .
In 1999 Finn Zierler decided pursue his own visions and founded Beyond Twilight carrying the almost identical logo and the symbol which is found on all Zierler 's releases .
Fastjet began trading under its own name on 29 November 2012 , and financial results for 2011 are not relevant as the Fly540 business was not acquired until 29 June 2012 ; financial results below for 2012 for Fastjet were for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2012 .
The first School of the Air lessons were officially broadcast from the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Alice Springs on 8 June 1951 .
Sri Lanka Insurance was incorporated by a special act of Parliament in 1961 .
Vomit Launch was an indie rock band formed in Chico , California in 1985 as `` an excuse to drink beer '' .
Banco Macro began operations as Financiera Macro , a brokerage specializing in arbitrage founded by Mario Brodersohn , José Dagnino Pastore and Alieto Guadagni , in 1976 .
The MIT Media Lab was founded by MIT Professor Nicholas Negroponte and former MIT President Jerome Wiesner and opened its doors in the Wiesner Building ( designed by I. M. Pei ) ( also known as Building E15 ) at MIT in 1985 .
The West London Wildcats were formed in 1990 as a foundation club of the British Australian Rules Football League , now known as the AFL London division of AFL Britain .
Established in 2001 , Groove Games had published more than 20 retail game titles on the PC , Xbox , and PlayStation 2 platforms .
The Jouby 's are a French soulsteady ( reggae , soul , ska , rocksteady and a bit of rock ) vocal band originally formed in 2004 in Bordeaux , Aquitaine .
In 2004 , it underwent a restoration and completed on October 2006 as the Yunlin Story House .
Imperial Vengeance are an English heavy metal band , from Essex formed in 2007 by former Cradle of Filth guitarist C. Edward Alexander ( b. Charles Edward Alexander Hedger , 18 September 1980 , Colchester , Essex/ Guitars , Vocals , Orchestration ) , and David Bryan ( Bass , Lyrics ) .
Founded in 2002 , Unexploded was asked to perform at several festivals in 2004 , but settled for releases on 2 compilations ; one in Japan on Stargate Recordings Antenna Volume One in company with amongst others Bill Laswell .
Dragonette is a Canadian electronic music band from Toronto , Ontario , formed in 2005 .
Carusco Affiliated did not just want to build a shopping center , but a town center for the city of Calabasas The Commons at Calabasas opened in 1998 and has been a popular high - end outdoor mall ever since .
MWEB was founded in 1997 and is today South Africa 's second largest Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
The Ministry of Agriculture Jihad ( Persian : وزارت جهاد کشاورزی‎‎ Vezārat - e Jahād - e Keshāvarzī ) is an Iranian government body established in 2001 responsible for the oversight of Agriculture in Iran .
The Rose Trellis Fabergé Egg is a jewelled enameled imperial Easter egg made in Saint Petersburg , Russia under the supervision of the jeweler Peter Carl Fabergé in 1907 , for Tsar Nicholas II of Russia .
Black Label Society is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles , California formed in 1998 by Zakk Wylde .
In 1832 , Johan Theofron Munktell , then only 27 , founds what became Volvo Construction Equipment in Eskilstuna , Sweden .
Tibet Justice Center , ( TJC , formerly International Committee of Lawyers for Tibet , ICLT ) is an American legal association founded in 1989 that advocates human rights and self - determination for the Tibetan people .
Steve Hengsperger founded Tersano in 2002 from a company that had developed an ozone based water treatment system .
Regina Regina was an American country music duo formed in 1995 .
The Lyceum Music Festival , founded in 2008 , is an orchestra and chamber music festival presented in collaboration with the Utah Symphony 's Deer Valley Music Festival located in Midway , Utah at the Zermatt Resort .
The Royal Historical Society ( abbr . RHistS ; founded 1868 ) is a learned society of the United Kingdom which advances scholarly studies of history .
Athlitikos Syllogos Aris ( Greek : Αθλητικός Σύλλογος Άρης , Athletic Club Aris or Athletic Club Aris Thessaloniki in other documents ) officially A.C. Aris Thessaloniki , is a major Greek multi - sport club founded on 25 March 1914 in Thessaloniki .
After years of operation by its receivers , the company was finally sold at foreclosure in August 1916 and reorganized November as the Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway .
The founding editor of Index on Censorship was the critic and translator Michael Scammell ( 1972 - -81 ) , who still serves as a patron of the organisation .
The `` Napapijri '' brand was established in Aosta , Italy in 1987 when a manufacturer of travel bags created the Bering Bag , a waxed canvas duffel bag marketed to travelers that was the first product to carry the Napapijri name .
Established in 2005 , Sacred Heart Apostolic School ( SHAS ) is a private Roman Catholic boarding school for boys in grades seven through twelve who are considering a vocation to the priesthood , also known as a minor seminary .
St. Georges Technical High School opened its doors to ninth graders in August 2006 at the Marshallton Building at Delcastle Technical High School as the construction of its formal campus completed .
BBC Four launched on 2 March 2002 , with a schedule running from 19:00 to 04:00 .
In 1995 the two founded Westport Innovations Inc. to capitalize on the HPDI technology .
The Perpetual Motion Roadshow was an independent - press touring circuit that ran monthly through the United States and Canada from April 2003 to March 2007 .
Abaris Aircraft Corporation ( named after the mythological priest of Apollo ) is a US aircraft manufacturer established in Phoenix , Arizona in 2001 .
The Ontario Linux Fest was an annual grass roots conference organized by , and for , Linux and Open Source enthusiasts , held in Ontario , Canada from 2007 to 2009 .
The International Life Sciences Institute ( ILSI ) is a nonprofit ( 501c3 ) science organization founded in 1978 and headquartered in Washington , DC . It is a member organization whose members are primarily food and beverage , agricultural , chemical , and pharmaceutical companies .
Media Matters for America was founded in May 2004 by David Brock , a former conservative journalist who became a liberal .
East View Secondary School was founded on 2 January 1987 at Tampines Secondary School , occupying 14 classrooms in the afternoon session .
The Pentax K10D and similar Samsung GX-10 are 10.2 megapixel digital single - lens reflex cameras launched in late 2006 .
Bosnian Wand Airlines was founded on 24 June 2014 in Gornje Dubrave --
The name changed to Aveling - Barford on 13 February 1934 .
Jennic Limited was a privately held UK - based fabless semiconductor company founded in 1996 .
Dakrya is a theatrical metal band from Athens , Greece , created in late 2004 , when classically trained keyboard player SophiaX ( aka Sophia Charalampous ) decided to combine a slew of disparate musical influences ( heavy metal , goth , progressive , symphonic , and art rock ) with a theatrical presentation .
The Omaha Black Music Hall of Fame , or the OBMHoF , is a nonprofit organization founded in 2005 to celebrate , document and honour the legacy of the many top vocalists and musicians whose musical careers began in the metropolitan area of Omaha , Nebraska .
Les Respectables is a Canadian rock band that was founded in Montreal in 1991 .
The Humanitarian Law Project ( founded 1985 ) is a U.S .- based non - profit organization organization , working to protect human rights and promote `` the peaceful resolution of conflict by using established international human rights laws and humanitarian law . ''
China Media Capital was founded in 2009 and is based in Shanghai , China with an additional office in Beijing .
Roberta Conner was announced as the first director of Tamástslikt Cultural Institute in February of 1998 , and oversaw the final preparations of the institute .
In 1994 , the Cella Dwellas signed to prominent hip hop label Loud Records , and released their debut single , `` Land of the Lost '' which showcased Ug 's lyrical skills , as he laid down a verse that is still regarded as classic .
J.O. Hambro Capital Management was founded by Jocelyn Hambro and this three sons , Rupert Hambro , Richard Hambro and James Hambro , in 1986 , shortly after they sold their family business , Hambros Bank to the Société Générale .
Lewis Galoob Toys was founded in 1957 by Lewis and Barbara Galoob as a small distributor of toys and stationery ; the company was incorporated in 1968 .
The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991 during the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
In 1995 it was reorganized to the state - owned Novosibirsk Air Enterprise , and in 2004 went through the bankruptcy and was privatized in 2005 .
The Midewin National Tallgrass Prairie was established by federal law in 1996 .
Candy Harlots were an Australian glam metal band from Sydney , active between 1987 and 1995 .
Walter Maciel Gallery is an art gallery founded in 2005 , located at 2642 S. La Cienega Boulevard , in the Culver City Art District in Los Angeles , California , United States .
The Askew Institute on Politics and Society at the University of Florida was established in 1994 with the primary goal to examine the critical issues facing the region , and to find a consensus to address these issues .
PMS Asterisk * is the first all - female DotA team competing in the Defense of the Ancients and Dota 2 video games , founded in 2005 by Tammy `` furryfish * '' Tang .
Donglan Road Station ( Chinese : 东兰路 ) is a station on the Shanghai Metro , which services Line 12 and opened on December 19 , 2015 .
Wonderlick is a Los Angeles - based indie rock band established in 2001 by former Too Much Joy members Tim Quirk and Jay Blumenfield .
The Restricted Duty Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Coast Guard which was first created on March 3 , 1984 .
The current incarnation of Surgical Care Affiliates was created on June 30 , 2007 when the division was sold to TPG .
Veterans for Common Sense , founded in 2002 , is a non - profit organization dedicated to advocacy on behalf of United States veterans who continue to serve their country by protecting the rights and interests of fellow citizens .
IC Group was founded as IC Companys in 2001 through the merger of InWear Group A / S and Carli Gry International A / S. InWear had been founded by Niels Martinsen in 1973 .
Virgin Cinemas was founded in 1995 when Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group acquired MGM Cinemas , the largest movie theatre operator in the United Kingdom .
Futuristic Retro Champions played their debut public gig at Edinburgh 's Wee Red Bar in 2006 .
The history of Beyond Wonderland extends back before its inaugural 2010 date .
Simbalbara National Park is a national park in Himachal Pradesh , India established in 2010 .
Universal Thee is a five - piece Indie - slacker - rock band from Edinburgh formed in 2010 consisting of James Russell , Lisa Russell , Robin Spivey , Andrew Perrie , and Matt Grieve .
Maritime Air Charter Limited began operations in 1996 with a Piper Navajo and gradually purchased two more Navajos as demand required .
Sinnbus is an independent record label and music publisher headquartered in Berlin , Germany , founded in 2003 .
The Baptist World Alliance is a worldwide alliance of Baptist churches and organizations , formed in 1905 at Exeter Hall in London during the first Baptist World Congress .
Larry Graham , Jr. ( born August 14 , 1946 ) is an American bass guitar player , both with the popular and influential psychedelic soul / funk band Sly and the Family Stone , and as the founder and frontman of Graham Central Station .
Bernard Georges ( born March 29 , 1965 ) is best known for his bass guitar work in Throwing Muses and 50 Foot Wave .
Fred Lipsius ( born 19 November 1943 , The Bronx , New York , U.S. ) was the original saxophonist and arranger for the jazz - rock band Blood , Sweat & Tears , for which he played alto saxophone and piano .
Ralph Rubino is a professional saxophone player born in West Haven , Connecticut and graduate of the Berklee College of Music .
Chen Zhi ( simplified Chinese : 陈志 ; traditional Chinese : 陳志 ; pinyin : Chén Zhì ) is a Chinese guitar teacher ( pedagogue ) and promoter , who is today known for the exceptionally high level that his classical guitar students reach .
Julius Katchen ( August 15 , 1926 -- April 29 , 1969 ) was an American concert pianist , possibly best known for his recordings of Johannes Brahms 's solo piano works .
Sigfrid Karg - Elert ( November 21 , 1877 -- April 9 , 1933 ) was a German composer of considerable fame in the early twentieth century , best known for his compositions for organ and harmonium ( Conley 2001 ) .
Larry Teal ( 26 March 1905 - 11 July 1984 ) is considered by many to be the father of American orchestral saxophone .
He speaks on Uncle Meat ; on the track `` Ian Underwood Whips It Out '' he relates how he first met Zappa and demonstrated his capabilities on the saxophone at Zappa 's invitation .
Bernie Glow ( February 6 , 1926 -- May 8 , 1982 ) was an American trumpet player who specialized in jazz and commercial lead trumpet from the 1940s to 1970s .
Hermann Neuling ( 17 July 1897 -- 29 January 1967 ) was a horn player and composer .
Božena Komárková ( January 28 , 1903 -- January 27 , 1997 ) was Czech philosopher and theologian .
Rafael Maroto Yserns ( October 15 , 1783 -- August 25 , 1853 ) was a Spanish general , known both for his involvement on the Spanish side in the wars of independence in South America and on the Carlist side in the First Carlist War .
Andreas Pitsillides ( Greek : Ανδρέας Πιτσιλλίδης ; born June 1977 ) is a Cypriot excommunicated theologian , politician , party member of DISY and former Member of the European Parliament .
Jean Puy ( 8 November 1876 , Roanne , Loire -- 6 March 1960 , Roanne ) was a French Fauvist artist .
Mary Webb ( 25 March 1881 -- 8 October 1927 ) was an English romantic novelist and poet of the early 20th century , whose work is set chiefly in the Shropshire countryside and among Shropshire characters and people which she knew .
Presentación Urán González ( 29 May 1956 , Madrid ) is a Spanish politician and former member of the Spanish Parliament .
Angelo Ambrogini ( 14 July 1454 -- 24 September 1494 ) , commonly known by his nickname Poliziano ( Italian : ( politˈtsjaːno ) ; anglicized as Politian ; Latin : Politianus ) , was an Italian classical scholar and poet of the Florentine Renaissance .
Massimiano Bucchi ( born Arezzo , 15 May 1970 ) is an Italian sociologist and a scholar of the relationships among science , technology and society .
Charles de Tolnay , born Károly von Tolnai ( May 27 , 1899 -- January 17 , 1981 ) , was a Hungarian art historian and an expert on Michelangelo .
Francesco Andreini ( c. 1548 -- 1624 ) was an Italian actor mainly of commedia dell'arte plays .
Ariano Suassuna ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɾiˈɐ̃nu suɐˈsũnɐ ) ; June 16 , 1927 -- July 23 , 2014 ) was a Brazilian playwright and author .
Jean - Baptiste Muard ( Vireaux , 1809-Pierre - Qui - Vire , 1854 ) was a French Benedictine , reformer , and founder of religious orders .
Johannes Beilharz ( born 15 January 1956 ) is a German poet , painter and translator .
Jorge de Alvarado y Contreras ( born 1460 Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain -- died 1540 or 1541 or Madrid , 1553 ) was a Spanish conquistador , brother of the more famous Pedro de Alvarado .
Gustave Frédéric Dollfus ( 26 November 1850 , Paris -- 6 November 1931 , Paris ) was a French geologist and malacologist .
William Jeffrey Prowse , often known as Jeff Prowse ( 6 May 1839 -- 17 April 1870 ) was an English journalist , poet , humorist and lyricist .
Sylvain Frécon ( born 1972 ) , is a French colorist and cartoonist , born in Bourges .
Michela Vittoria Brambilla ( born October 26 , 1967 ) is an Italian politician and businesswoman .
Guido Sacconi ( born on 23 June 1948 in Udine ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Central region with the Democrats of the Left ( DS ) , part of the Socialist Group , and sits on the European Parliament 's Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
János Kass ( December 26 , 1927 -- March 29 , 2010 ) was a Hungarian illustrator , printmaker , graphic designer , postage stamp designer , animated film director and teacher .
Le paratonnerre à cage métallique de Louis Melsens ( French ) D. Thorburn Burns and Hendrik Deelstra , Analytical chemistry in Belgium : an historical overview , Microchimica Acta , Volume 161 , Numbers 1 - 2 , April 2008 , p. 41 - 66 Melsens street
Edoardo Vesentini ( born Rome , 31 May 1928 ) is an Italian mathematician and politician who introduced the Andreotti--
Sir James Cochran Stevenson Runciman CH ( 7 July 1903 -- 1 November 2000 ) , known as Steven Runciman , was an English historian best known for his three - volume A History of the Crusades ( 1951 - -54 ) .
Achille - Émile Othon Friesz ( 6 February 1879 -- 10 January 1949 ) , who later called himself Othon Friesz , a native of Le Havre , was a French artist of the Fauvist movement .
Charles Wyplosz ( born September 5 , 1947 in Vichy , France ) is a French economist .
Felix Gilbert ( May 21 , 1905 -- February 14 , 1991 ) was a German - born American historian of early modern and modern Europe .
Anuja Iyer is an Indian actress and model who works in the Tamil film industry .
John Thomond O'Brien ( 1786 - -1861 ) , also known in Spanish as Juan Thomond O'Brien , was an Army officer born in 1786 in Baltinglass , Co. Wicklow , son of Martin O'Brien and Honoria O'Connor .
Albert Stöckl ( Möhren , near Treuchtlingen , in Middle Franconia , Bavaria , 15 March 1823 -- Eichstädt , 15 November 1895 ) was a German neo - scholastic philosopher and theologian .
Horst Janssen ( 14 November 1929 -- 31 August 1995 ) was a German draftsman , printmaker , poster artist and illustrator .
Juan Manuel Eguiagaray ( born 1945 ) is a Spanish economist , academic , businessman and retired politician .
Rakhi Sawant ( born Neeru Bheda on 25 November 1978 ) is an Indian politician , dancer , model , Hindi film and television actress & television talk show host , who has appeared in many Hindi and few Kannada , Marathi , Telugu and Tamil films .
Paolo Matthiae ( born 1940 ) is an Italian archaeologist .
Lydia Sokolova ( 1896 - -1974 ) was an English ballerina .
Gregorio Ricci - Curbastro ( Italian : ( ɡreˈɡɔrjo ˈrittʃi kurˈbastro ) ; 12 January 1853 -- 6 August 1925 ) was an Italian mathematician born in Lugo di Romagna .
João César Monteiro was a Portuguese film director , actor , writer and film critic .
An English Heritage Blue plaque to commemorate Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger was unveiled on 17 February 2014 by Martin Scorsese and Thelma Schoonmaker at Dorset House , Gloucester Place , London NW1 5AG where The Archers had their offices from 1942 - 47 .
Alberto Casado Cerviño ( born on 15 October 1952 in Pontevedra , Spain ) is the Director General of the Spanish Patent and Trademark Office .
Begoña Fernández Molinos ( born 22 March 1980 in Vigo ) is a Spanish team handball player .
Hans Heinz Zerlett ( 17 October 1892 in Wiesbaden -- 6 July 1949 in Soviet Special Camp 2 , Buchenwald ) was a German screenwriter and film director .
Xavier Léon ( 21 May 1868 , Boulogne - Billancourt - 21 October 1935 , Paris ) was a French philosopher and historian of philosophy .
José Zorrilla y Moral ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xoˈse θoˈriʎa ) ; 21 February 1817 -- 23 January 1893 ) was a Spanish Romantic poet and dramatist .
Riccardo Malipiero ( 24 July 1914 -- 27 November 2003 ) was an Italian composer , pianist , and music educator .
Émile Paladilhe ( 3 June 1844 -- 6 January 1926 ) was a French composer of the late romantic period .
Erdal İnönü ( 6 June 1926 -- 31 October 2007 ) was a Turkish theoretical physicist and politician who served as the interim Prime Minister of Turkey between 16 May and 25 June 1993 .
Jules Bernard Luys ( 17 August 1828 -- 21 August 1897 ) was a French neurologist who made important contributions to the fields of neuroanatomy and neuropsychiatry .
Louis Christophe François Hachette ( pronounced : ( lwi kʁistɔf fʁɑ̃swa aʃɛt ) ) ( May 5 , 1800 - July 31 , 1864 ) was a French publisher .
Sigitas Geda ( full name - Sigitas Zigmas Geda ; February 4 , 1943 -- December 12 , 2008 ) was a Lithuanian poet , translator , playwright , essayist , critic and a member of the Lithuanian independence movement , Sąjūdis , and of the Lithuanian parliament , Seimas .
Raphaël Bassan ( born 1948 ) is a French film critic and journalist , who has specialized in experimental film and the history of cinema .
William Dowsing ( 1596 - -1668 ) was an English iconoclast who operated at the time of the English Civil War .
Mohamed Zafzaf ( 1945 -- 13 July 2001 ) was one of the best known Moroccan novelists and poets ( born in Souk El Arbaa ) writing in Arabic .
Lu Yao ( Chinese : 路遥 ; 1949 - -1992 ) , born Wang Weiguo ( Chinese : 王卫国 ) , was a Chinese writer .
John William Draper ( May 5 , 1811 -- January 4 , 1882 ) was an English - American scientist , philosopher , physician , chemist , historian and photographer .
Wolfgang Krull ( 26 August 1899 -- 12 April 1971 ) was a German mathematician who made fundamental contributions to commutative algebra , introducing concepts that are now central to the subject .
Liu Shipei ( Chinese : 劉師培 ; 1884 - -1919 ) was a philologist , Chinese anarchist , and revolutionary activist .
Václav Talich ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvaːtslaf ˈtalɪx ) ; 28 May 1883 -- 16 March 1961 ) was a Czech conductor , violinist and pedagogue .
Julie Maroh is a French writer and illustrator of graphic novels , who originates from Northern France .
Nguyễn Ngọc Tư is a Vietnamese short story writer and novelist from Cà Mau Province in the Mekong Delta .
( La ) Nina Siciliana was the composer of one Italian sonnet , and a candidate to be the first Italian woman poet .
Ivy Kellerman Reed ( Oshkosh ( Wisconsin ) , July 8 , 1877 -- La Jolla ( California ) , February 7 , 1968 ) was an American author in the international language Esperanto .
Monica Lovinescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( moni'ka loviˈnesku ) ; 19 November 1923 -- 20 April 2008 ) was a Romanian essayist , short story writer , literary critic , translator , and journalist , noted for her activities as an opponent of the Romanian Communist regime .
( French ) Christoph David , `` Nous formons une équipe triste . Notes sur Günther Anders et Theodor W. Adorno , '' Tumultes .
Hans Poelzig ( 30 April 1869 -- 14 June 1936 ) was a German architect , painter and set designer .
Kim Fupz Aakeson ( born 12 September 1958 ) is a Danish writer , illustrator and screenwriter .
Claude Serre ( 10 November 1938 -- 13 November 1998 ) was a French cartoonist born in Sucy - en - Brie , Val - de - Marne .
Thomas Tyrwhitt ( /ˈtɪrɪt/ ; 27 March 1730 -- 15 August 1786 ) was an English classical scholar and critic .
Simon Canuel ( 29 October 1767 , Les Trois Moutiers , in the Vienne -- 11 May 1840 ) was a French general .
Sebastián Francisco de Miranda y Rodríguez de Espinoza ( March 28 , 1750 -- July 14 , 1816 ) , commonly known as Francisco de Miranda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( fɾanˈsisko ðe miˈɾanda ) ) , was a Venezuelan revolutionary .
Carmelo Bene ( 1 September 1937 -- 16 March 2002 ) was an Italian actor , poet , film director and screenwriter .
Jean Charles Dominique de Lacretelle , ( 3 September 1766 -- 26 March 1855 ) , was a French historian and journalist .
Ross Benjamin is an American translator of German literature and a 2015 Guggenheim Fellow .
Johann Heermann ( 11 October 1585 -- 17 February 1647 ) was a German poet and hymn - writer .
Afsal is an Indian film singer in Malayalam cinema .
Fausto Cuocolo ( Tortona , 1930 - 2006 ) was an Italian jurist and politician .
Gerónimo de la Concepción ( 1642 - -1698 ) was a Spanish carmelite and writer .
J. A. R. Anand is an Indian actor in Malayalam movies during the 1960s and 1970s .
Pádraig Ó Riain is an Irish Celticist and prominent hagiologist focusing on Irish hagiography , martyrdom , mythology , onomastics and codicology .
Raza Murad is an Indian actor working primarily in Hindi films .
Dionisio Pérez Gutiérrez ( pseudonym Post - Thebussem ) ( born 1872 in Grazalema ( Cádiz ) - died 23 February 1935 in Madrid ) was a Spanish writer , journalist , and gastronome .
Alexandra Jiménez Arrechea ( born January 4 , 1980 in Zaragoza , Aragón , Spain ) is a Spanish actress , who is well - known of portraying África Sanz in television sitcom Los Serrano .
Tõnu Õnnepalu ( born 13 September 1962 ) , also known by the pen names Emil Tode and Anton Nigov , is an Estonian poet and author .
Thomas Coote ( born 1850 , died 1939 at Folkestone ) was an English coal merchant and Liberal politician .
Hideo Nakata ( 中田 秀夫 Nakata Hideo ; born July 19 , 1961 ) is a Japanese filmmaker .
Richard Huelsenbeck ( born Carl Wilhelm Richard Hülsenbeck ; April 23 , 1892 -- April 20 , 1974 ) was a German psychoanalyst , poet , writer and drummer born in Frankenau , Hessen - Nassau .
Sophie Davant ( born May 19 , 1963 ) is a French journalist , television presenter and comedian .
Mark Ravenhill ( born 7 June 1966 ) is an English playwright , actor and journalist .
François Roche ( born 1961 , Paris ) is a French architect , co - founder of the architecture studio , New - Territories including LabM4 , R&Sie(n ) , ( eIf / bʌt / c ) , Mindmachinemakingmyths , among others names .
Grigore Cugler ( Spanish : Gregorio or Gregori Cugler ; also known under the pen name Apunake ; April 30 ( O.S. April 7 ) 1903 -- September 30 , 1972 ) was a Romanian avant - garde short story writer , poet and humorist .
Uwe Walter ( * 23 October 1962 in Rotenburg an der Fulda ) is a German ancient historian .
Joan Sella i Montserrat ( Sitges , 1960 ) is a Catalan journalist , writer and gastronomy critic .
Louis Bouquet ( 6 December 1885 -- 25 February 1952 ) was a French artist and illustrator .
Father Louis Hennepin , O.F.M. baptized Antoine , ( 12 May 1626 -- c. 1705 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary of the Franciscan Recollet order ( French : Récollets ) and an explorer of the interior of North America .
François - Napoléon - Marie Moigno , known in his later life as the Abbé Moigno , ( 15 April 1804 -- 14 July 1884 ) was a French Catholic priest and one time Jesuit , as well as a physicist and author .
Nicola Vaccai ( 15 March 1790 - 5 or 6 August 1848 ) was an Italian composer , particularly of operas , and a singing teacher .
Johann Baptista Baltzer ( 16 June 1803 -- 1 October 1871 ) was a German Catholic theologian .
Pedro Duque y Cornejo ( 1677 - -1757 ) was a Spanish Baroque painter and sculptor of the Sevillian school of sculpture , a disciple of his grandfather Pedro Roldán .
Federica Montseny Mañé ( Catalan : ( munˈsɛɲ ) ; 12 February 1905 -- 14 January 1994 ) was a Spanish anarchist , intellectual and Minister of Health during the social revolution that occurred in Spain parallel to the Civil War .
Georges Didi - Huberman ( born 13 June 1953 ) is a French philosopher and art historian .
Vlastimil Třešňák ( born 26 April 1950 in Prague ) is a Czech singer - songwriter and writer .
Günther Haensch ( born April 22 , 1923 ) is a German linguist and lexicographer .
Emanuele Trevi ( born 1964 ) is an Italian writer and critic .
Joaquín Lloréns Fernández de Cordoba ( 1854 -- 1930 ) was a Spanish Carlist soldier and politician .
Girolamo Savonarola ( Italian : ( savonaˈrɔːla ) ; 21 September 1452 -- 23 May 1498 ) was an Italian Dominican friar and preacher active in Renaissance Florence .
Johann Ernst Otto Stobbe ( June 28 , 1831 -- May 19 , 1887 ) was a German historian and law professor born in Königsberg .
David Abulafia , FBA ( born 12 December 1949 ) is an influential English historian with a particular interest in Italy , Spain and the rest of the Mediterranean during the Middle Ages and Renaissance .
Hassan Daoud ( Arabic : حسن داوود ) ( born 1950 ) is a Lebanese writer and journalist .
Anuj Saxena ( Hindi : अनुज सक्सेना ; born 31 July 1967 ) is an Indian actor , model , producer and business person .
Edward Royd Rice ( born 25 April 1790 at Dover ; died 27 November 1878 at Eastry , Kent ) was an English politician and first - class cricketer .
Manuel Rodrigues Coelho ( ca . 1555 -- 1635 ) was a Portuguese organist and composer .
Lutz Rathenow ( born 22 September 1952 in Jena ) is a dissident German writer and poet who was haunted by the Secret Police until the German reunification .
Samuel Dicker ( died 1760 ) , was an English politician who represented Plymouth in the British House of Commons in the eighteenth century , and was also responsible for the building of the first Walton Bridge in Surrey .
Yves Coppens ( born 9 August 1934 in Vannes , Morbihan ) is a French anthropologist .
Jean - Marie Brohm is a French sociologist , anthropologist and philosopher .
Zahari Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Захари Стоянов ; archaic : Захарий Стоянов ) ( 1850 -- 2 September 1889 ) , born Dzhendo Stoyanov Dzhedev ( Bulgarian : Джендо Стоянов Джедев ) , was a Bulgarian revolutionary , writer , and historian .
Dr Jamal Zahalka ( Arabic : جمال زحالقة‎ , Hebrew : ג'מאל זחאלקה‎ ; born 11 January 1955 ) is an Israeli Arab who serves as a member of the Knesset representing the Balad party .
Carlos Fernández Shaw ( 23 September 1865 -- 7 June 1911 ) was a Spanish poet , playwright , and journalist .
Ernest Dimnet ( 1866 - 1954 ) , French priest , writer and lecturer , is the author of The Art of Thinking , a popular book on thinking and reasoning during the 1930s .
Babette Cole ( born 10 September 1949 ) is an English children 's writer and illustrator .
Jules Chéret ( May 31 , 1836 -- September 23 , 1932 ) was a French painter and lithographer who became a master of Belle Époque poster art . He has been called the father of the modern poster .
Charles Vélain ( 16 May 1845 - -6 June 1925 ) was a French geologist and geographer .
Denis Patrick O'Brien ( born 1939 in Knebworth , Hertfordshire , England ) is an English economist who has worked in industrial economics and the history of economic thought .
Johannes Crellius ( Polish : Jan Crell , English : John Crell ; 26 July 1590 in Hellmitzheim -- 11 June 1633 in Raków ) was a Polish and German theologian .
Joan Pau Verdier ( born Jean - Paul Verdier on 1 February 1947 in Périgueux , Dordogne , France ) is a French singer who performs in both Occitan and French .
Tawfeq Mahmoud Hamza or Piramerd , ( Pîremêrd in Kurdish ) , ( 1867 -- 19 June 1950 ) , was a Kurdish poet , writer , novelist and journalist .
Josiah Wedgwood ( 12 July 1730 -- 3 January 1795 ) was an English potter who founded the Wedgwood company .
Christian Wilhelm Ernst Dietrich ( October 30 , 1712 -- April 23 , 1774 ) was a German painter and art administrator .
Agostino Paradisi ( 25 April 1736 , Vignola - 19 February 1783 , Reggio nell'Emilia ) was an Italian poet , economist and teacher .
Theodorus Marinus Roest van Limburg ( 8 July 1806 , Rotterdam -- 3 March 1887 , Florence ) was a Dutch journalist , diplomat , and politician .
Marija Lastauskienė née Ivanauskaitė ( Polish : Maria Lastowska , née Iwanowska ) ( May 15 , 1872 in Šiauliai -- July 19 , 1957 in Kaunas ) and her sister Sofija Pšibiliauskienė were Lithuanian sisters who wrote under the shared pen name Lazdynų Pelėda ( Hazel Owl ) .
Johanna Kinkel ( 8 July 1810 -- 15 November 1858 ) was a German composer , writer , and revolutionary .
Metin Altıok ( March 14 , 1940 -- July 9 , 1993 ) was a Turkish poet of Alevi faith , who - together with 34 other people , mostly Alevi intellectuals - fell victim to the 1993 Sivas massacre .
Jean - Antoine - Gabriel Davioud ( French : ( ʒan‿ɑ̃twɑn ɡabʁiɛl davju ) ; 30 October 1824 -- 6 April 1881 ) was a French architect .
Qamar Gula ( Pashto : قمر ګله‎ , Persian : ‎‎Qamar Gul , قمر گل ) is an Afghan singer .
Martin Borrhaus ( Latin : Martin Cellarius ) ( 1499 - -11 October 1564 ) was a German Protestant theologian and reformer .
Jaroslav Durych ( December 2 , 1886 -- April 7 , 1962 ) was a Czech prose writer , poet , playwright , journalist , and military surgeon .
William Harborne of Great Yarmouth , Norfolk ( c.1542 - -1617 ) was a diplomat , businessman , and English Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire , appointed by Queen Elizabeth I of England .
Wilhelm von Opel ( 15 May 1871 -- 2 May 1948 ) , known as Wilhelm Opel before being ennobled in 1917 , was one of the founders of the German automobile manufacturer Opel .
Tordis Ørjasæter ( born 25 March 1927 ) is a Norwegian literary critic , biographer , former professor of educational science , and novelist .
Friedrich Kluge ( 21 June 1856 -- 21 May 1926 ) was a German philologist and educator .
Walter Jens ( 8 March 1923 -- 9 June 2013 ) was a German philologist , literature historian , critic , university professor and writer .
Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa ( 1532 - -1592 ) was a Spanish explorer , author , historian , astronomer , and scientist .
Conrad of Megenberg ( German : Konrad von Megenberg , Latin : Conradus Megenbergensis ; 1309 - -1374 ) was a German Catholic scholar , and a writer .
Anton Maegerle is the nom de plume of the German Social Democratic journalist Gernot Modery .
Giuseppe Avati , better known as Pupi Avati ( born 3 November 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Maria Pia Garavaglia ( born 10 August 1947 in Cuggiono ) is an Italian politician , former Italian Minister of Health during the Carlo Azeglio Ciampi government and former Deputy Mayor of Rome .
Hugh Primas of Orléans was a Latin lyric poet of the 12th century , a scholar from Orléans who was jokingly called Primas , `` the Primate '' , by his friends at the University of Paris .
Mercedes Ferrer ( Madrid , 1963 ) is a Spanish singer - songwriter , active since 1983 .
Gianfranco Baldanello ( 13 November 1928 - ) is an Italian film director , screenwriter and second unit director .
Karl Otto Götz ( born 22 February 1914 ) , often simply called K.O. Götz , is a German artist , film maker , draughtsman , printmaker , writer and professor of art at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf .
William Gerard Hamilton ( 28 January 1729 -- 16 July 1796 ) , English statesman and Irish politician , popularly known as `` Single Speech Hamilton , '' was born in London , the son of a Scottish bencher of Lincoln 's Inn .
Fulco di Verdura ( 20 March 1898 -- 15 August 1978 ) , or Fulco Santo Stefano della Cerda , Duke of Verdura , and Marquis of Murata la Cerda , was an influential Italian jeweller .
Elena Băsescu , sometimes referred to as EBA , ( born 24 April 1980 in Constanța ) is a Romanian politician , the former secretary general of the youth wing of Romania 's Democratic Liberal Party , and a Member of the European Parliament between 2009 and 2014 .
Constantine of Kostenets ( Bulgarian : Константин Костенечки/Konstantin Kostenechki ; born ca . 1380 , died after 1431 ) , also known as Constantine the Philosopher ( Serbian : Константин Филозоф ) , was a medieval Bulgarian scholar , writer and chronicler , who spent most of his life in the Serbian Despotate .
Enrique Urquijo ( March 15 , 1960 -- November 17 , 1999 ) was a Spanish singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Claude Berrou ( French : ( bɛʁu ) ; born September 23 , 1951 , Penmarch ) is a French professor in electrical engineering at École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne , now Telecom - Bretagne .
Francesco Denza ( 7 June 1834 -- 14 December 1894 ) was an Italian meteorologist and astronomer .
Christopher Alexander Luis Casillas von Uckermann ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkɾistofeɾ alekˈsander luˈis kaˈsiʎaz βon ˈukerman ) , born October 21 , 1986 ) , better known as Christopher von Uckermann , is a Mexican singer - songwriter and actor , best known as a member of the pop band RBD .
Shlomo Venezia ( Greek : Σλόμο Βενέτσια ; 29 December 1923 -- 1 October 2012 ) was a Greek - born Italian Jew .
Charles Bradlaugh ( /ˈbrædlɔː/ ; 26 September 1833 -- 30 January 1891 ) was an English political activist and an atheist and British republican .
Shakthi Vasudevan ( Malayalam : ശക്തി വാസുദേവൻ ; born 23 February 1983 ) is a Tamil film actor .
Lucette Descaves ( 1 April 1906 -- 15 April 1993 ) was a French pianist and teacher , whose pupils included Jean - Yves Thibaudet , Geneviève Joy , Brigitte Engerer , Pascal Rogé , and Katia and Marielle Labèque .
Pierre de Rivaz ( 1711 - 1772 ) was a French clockmaker of the 18th century , from Saint - Gingolph .
Navdeep has appeared in both Telugu and Tamil films , portraying diverse characters .
Ernest - Marie Laperrousaz ( 1924 -- 20 August 2013 ) was a French historian and archaeologist .
Gerd Zacher ( 6 July 1929 - - 9 June 2014 ) was a German composer , organist , and writer on music .
Hayim Nahman Bialik ( Hebrew : חיים נחמן ביאליק‎ ; January 9 , 1873 -- July 4 , 1934 ) , also Chaim or Haim , was a Jewish poet who wrote primarily in Hebrew but also in Yiddish .
Elpis Melena ( 1818 - -1899 , born as Marie Espérance von Schwartz ) was an Anglo - German writer who published under the name of Elpis Melena .
Ángel Sola ( 1859 - -1910 ) was a Spanish musician .
Henri Langlois ( 13 November 1914 -- 13 January 1977 ) was a French film archivist and cinephile .
Vijay Sai ( Telugu : విజయ్ సాయి ) is a Telugu comedian actor from India .
Shakti Chattopadhyay ( Bengali : শক্তি চট্টোপাধ্যায় Shokti Chôţţopaddhae ) ( November 25 , 1933 - March 23 , 1995 ) was a Bengali poet and writer .
Martina Dlabajová ( born 26 July 1976 ) is a Czech businesswoman and international consultant , former president of the Regional Chamber of Commerce of the Zlin Region ( 2012 -- 2014 ) .
Angelo Branduardi ( born February 12 , 1950 ) , is an Italian folk / folk rock singer - songwriter and composer who scored relative success in Italy and European countries such as France , Germany , Belgium , Netherlands and Greece .
Amédée Ozenfant ( 15 April 1886 -- 4 May 1966 ) was a French cubist painter and writer .
Adelbert von Chamisso ( 30 January 1781 -- 21 August 1838 ) was a German poet and botanist , author of Peter Schlemihl , a famous story about a man who sold his shadow .
Carlrichard Brühl ( 25 February 1925 -- 25 January 1997 ) was a German historian of medieval history and philatelist who , in 1986 , was awarded the Crawford Medal by the Royal Philatelic Society London for his Geschichte der Philatelie .
Ignacio Fernández Sánchez , better known as Tony Leblanc ( 7 May 1922 -- 24 November 2012 ) was a Spanish actor , director , and comedian .
Antonio Sant'Elia ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔnjo santeˈlia ) ; 30 April 1888 -- 10 October 1916 ) was an Italian architect and a key member of the Futurist movement in architecture .
Count Józef Maksymilian Ossoliński ( 1748 -- 17 March 1826 ) was a Polish literature and art historian , nobleman , politician , writer , researcher of literature , and founder of the Ossoliński Institute .
Natalia Dicenta Herrera ( 6 July 1962 , Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish actress .
Sebastián Pozas Perea ( Zaragoza , 1876 -- 1946 ) was a Spanish military officer and civil servant .
Tassos Denegris ( Greek : Τάσος Δενέγρης , 1934 - -2009 ) , born in Athens in 1934 , was one of Greece 's best known living poets .
Wang Shixiang ( May 25 , 1914 in Beijing -- November 28 , 2009 ) was a Chinese researcher of traditional Chinese culture , leading art collector , poet , and Chinese character calligrapher .
Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir ( Al - Kārdīnāl Mār Naṣrallah Buṭrus Ṣufayr , Arabic : الكاردينال مار نصر الله بطرس صفير‎ ; born on 15 May 1920 in Rayfoun , Lebanon ) is the patriarch emeritus of Lebanon 's largest Christian body , the Maronite Church , an Eastern Catholic Church in communion with the Holy See .
Jean Réville ( November 6 , 1854 - May 6 , 1908 ) was a French Protestant theologian born in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Juris Māters ( or Māteru Juris ; 11 March 1845 -- 4 February 1885 ) was a Latvian writer and journalist .
Claude Nachin ( born 1930 ) is a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , the majority of whose writings have affiliations with the joint work of Nicolas Abraham and Maria Torok , particularly with respect to their concept of the intergenerational `` phantom '' .
André Balbon was a French bass opera singer , born in 1902 .
Remo Bodei ( born in Cagliari , 3 August 1938 ) is an Italian philosopher .
Marian - Jean Marinescu ( born August 11 , 1952 ) is a Romanian politician and member of the Democratic Liberal Party ( PDL ) , part of the European People 's Party--
Maurice Block ( German : Moritz Block ) ; 18 February 1816 -- 9 January 1901 ) was a German - French statistician and economist .
Pere Antoni Beuter ( 1490 - -1554 ) was a Spanish historian and writer who spent most of his life in Valencia .
Ewald Munschke ( born and died Berlin : 20 March 1901 -- 21 October 1981 ) was a General in the East German quasi - military Kasernierte Volkspolizei ( People 's Police in Barracks ) and subsequently one of the creators of the National People 's Army .
Boisnard Philippe , born July 18 , 1971 in Paris , is a French writer and multimedia artist practicing `` performance art . ''
Leonardo Bianchi ( 5 April 1848 -- 14 February 1927 ) was an Italian neuropathologist from San Bartolomeo in Galdo in the Province of Benevento , who later in his career became involved in politics .
José Guardiola , ( 22 October 1930 -- 9 April 2012 ) was a Spanish singer of popular music who sang in Spanish and Catalan .
Franco Dragone ( born in 1952 ) is an Italian - Belgian theatre director .
Mihail Manoilescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( mihaˈil mano.iˈlesku ) ; December 9 , 1891 -- December 30 , 1950 ) was a Romanian journalist , engineer , economist , politician and memoirist , who served as Foreign Minister of Romania during the summer of 1940 .
Willibald Sauerländer ( * February 29 , 1924 in Bad Waldsee , Württemberg , Germany ) is a German art historian specializing in Medieval French sculpture .
Although the book was lost during the Fourth Chinese domination in Vietnam , its contents , including Lê Văn Hưu 's comments on various events in the history of Vietnam , were used by other Vietnamese historians as a base for their works , notably the Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư by Ngô Sĩ Liên .
Pierre - Joseph Bourcet ( 1 March 1700 -- 14 October 1780 ) was a French tactician , general , chief of staff , mapmaker and military educator .
Georges Mathé ( 9 July 1922 -- 15 October 2010 ) was a French oncologist and immunologist .
Luigi , Count Cibrario ( February 23 , 1802 , Usseglio , Piedmont -- October 1 , 1870 ) was an Italian statesman and historian .
WEZW ( Easy 93.1 FM ) is an FM radio station based in Wildwood Crest , New Jersey and serving the Ocean City , Cape May and Atlantic City markets .
WZWW ( 95.3 FM ) is a music radio station licensed to Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , serving the State College area .
CIMY - FM is the call sign of a radio station located in Pembroke , Ontario on the FM dial at 104.9 FM .
WIZF ( 101.1 FM ) A.K.A. `` 101.1 The Wiz '' is a Rhythmic Contemporary radio station licensed to Erlanger , Kentucky serving the Cincinnati area .
4BC is a radio station in Brisbane , Queensland on 1116kHz AM .
WKIX - FM ( 102.9 FM ) is a classic hits formatted radio station located in Raleigh , North Carolina , that plays hit music from the 1960s , 1970s , and 1980s as `` KIX 102.9 , Carolina 's Greatest Hits . ''
WKLI - FM ( 100.9 FM , `` 100.9 The Cat '' ) is a country music station , licensed to Albany , New York and serving the Capital District of New York .
WCZX ( Mix 97.7 ) is a hot adult contemporary radio station licensed to Hyde Park , New York and serving the Mid - Hudson Valley of New York state .
WONW is licensed to Defiance , Ohio , serving the Defiance / Bryan / Napoleon / Paulding area .
KKSY - FM ( 96.5 FM , `` 96.5 Kiss Country '' ) is a 100,000 watt radio station in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
CKOS - FM is a 24-hour FM stereo radio station serving Fort McMurray , Alberta with a combination Contemporary Christian and contemporary hit radio format .
WRKH ( 96.1 FM ) is the call sign for the Mobile , Alabama classic rock formatted radio station known as `` 96.1 The Rocket '' .
WSDP is the student - operated radio station owned by the Plymouth - Canton Educational Park in Canton , Michigan .
KPNO ( 90.9 FM ) is a Christian radio station licensed to Norfolk , Nebraska , USA .
CKLW is a 50,000 watt , Class B , AM radio station broadcasting on the shared United States / Canadian clear - channel frequency of 800 kHz ( 800 AM ) and located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , serving Windsor and Detroit .
WRBQ - FM ( 104.7 FM , `` Q105 '' ) is a commercial classic hits music formatted radio station in Tampa , Florida .
Hallam FM is an independent local radio station serving South Yorkshire from studios in Sheffield .
CKJJ - FM is a Christian music radio station , broadcasting at 102.3 FM in Belleville , Ontario , Canada .
KDBS ( 1410 AM , ESPN Alexandria ) is an American radio station broadcasting a sports talk format .
Podimattom is a small village located at Kanjirappally Taluk , Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
Adiv Chaliv ( Persian : اديوچاليو‎ , also Romanized as Ādīv Chālīv ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mysliboř ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪslɪbor̝̊ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Darkapey ( Persian : دركاپي‎ , also Romanized as Darkāpey ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cunninghamhead is a hamlet on the Annick Water in the Parish of Dreghorn , North Ayrshire , Scotland .
Arabellapark is a residential and commercial area in the Bogenhausen district of Munich , Germany , which was developed with the construction of multiple buildings from 1965 to 1998 .
The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Pęciszów ( pɛnˈt͡ɕiʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tol - e Gavmishi ( Persian : تل گاوميشي‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Gāvmīshī ; also known as Bāqerābād , Gāvmīsh , and Tal - e Gāvmīsh ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Staylittle ( Welsh : Penffordd las ) , sometimes referred to colloquially as Y Stay or Y Stae , is a small village set in the shallow upland basin of the Afon Clywedog on the B4518 road , equidistant from Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair in the county of Powys , Wales .
Llinars del Vallès is a village and a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Palatdasht ( Persian : پلطدشت‎ , also Romanized as Palaţdasht ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Filhiol Mound Site is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture in Ouachita Parish , Louisiana on a natural levee of the Ouachita River .
Gen. Thomas J. Stewart Memorial Armory , also known as Norristown Armory , is a historic National Guard armory located at Norristown , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Eilean nan Ròn ( Scottish Gaelic : island of the seals ) is an island near Skerray , in the north of Sutherland , Scotland .
The Mid - Hudson Bridge ( officially the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Mid - Hudson Bridge ) is a toll suspension bridge which carries US 44 and NY 55 across the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie and Highland in the state of New York .
Velykyi Bychkiv ( Ukrainian : Великий Бичків ; Rusyn : Великый Бичкôв ; Hungarian : Nagybocskó , Nagybocska ; Romanian : Bocicoiu Mare ; Slovak : Veľký Bočkov , Bočková ) is an urban - type settlement in Rakhiv Raion ( district ) of Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Pomigacze ( pɔmiˈɡat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality ( formerly Greater Groblersdal Local Municipality ) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province , South Africa .
Langley Park School for Girls ( also known as Langley Park Girls ' School , LPGS , or just Langley Girls ) is a girls ' secondary academy school in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley , England , with a mixed - sex sixth form .
Jane & Gerry Swan Track at Rotary Stadium is a fully lighted , multi - purpose stadium located in Abbotsford , British Columbia .
Bentonville High School ( BHS ) is a comprehensive public high school in Bentonville , Arkansas , Secondary education in the United States .
Yongsheng County ( 永胜县 ; Pinyin : Yǒngshèng Xiàn ) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture , Yunnan , China .
The Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge ( MVNWR ) is a protected wildlife refuge administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , located in the Warm Springs Natural Area in the Moapa Valley of Clark County , Nevada .
Skuleskogen National Park is in the municipalities of Örnsköldsvik and Kramfors , both of Västernorrland County , both in the historical Swedish province of Ångermanland .
Mowtowpam - e Pansar 5 ( Persian : موتوپم پنثر5‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowpam - e Pans̱ar 5 ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Svalbarðsstrandarhreppur , also named Svalbarðsströnd , is a municipality located in northern - central Iceland , in Northeastern Region .
Timyart ( Persian : تيميارت‎ , also Romanized as Tīmyārt ) is a village in Baraan - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Chechło Pierwsze ( ˈxɛxwɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mokas ( ˈmɔkas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Synogać ( sɨˈnɔɡat͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Green Lake Airport ( FAA LID : Y88 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Interlochen , a community in Green Lake Township , Grand Traverse County , Michigan , United States .
Eastern Hill Fire Station is the central fire station of Melbourne , Australia , located in on the corner of Victoria Parade and Gisborne Street , opposite St Peter 's , Eastern Hill , one of the highest points in the city of Melbourne .
The Scioto Ordnance Plant ( SOP ) was an ammunitions and bomb making facility built in Marion County , Ohio by the United States Army in 1942 .
The Holt Lock and Dam is a lock built on the Black Warrior River near Holt , Alabama in Tuscaloosa County .
Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church was a former Methodist church located at 135 West Fourth Street , Greenwich Village , Manhattan , New York .
The Maggie L. Walker Governor 's School for Government and International Studies ( MLWGSGIS ) is a public regional magnet high school in Richmond , Virginia .
Lebiedzie - Kolonia ( lɛˈbjɛd͡ʑɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
In 2007 a study has named the Kirchgasse the second most expensive street for retail property in Hesse , after the Zeil in Frankfurt am Main .
Eshkanuiyeh - ye Olya ( Persian : اشكنوئيه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Eshkanū’īyeh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Eshkanū’īyeh and Ishkanu ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 78 , in 13 families .
Trinity Preparatory School of Florida is an independent college preparatory day - school for students in grades 6 to 12 , located in Winter Park , a suburb of Orlando .
Qareh Beyk ( Persian : قره بيك‎ ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Huangzhou District ( simplified Chinese : 黄州区 ; traditional Chinese : 黃州區 ; pinyin : Huángzhōu Qū ) is a district of the city of Huanggang , Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Altorf ( German : Altdorf ) is a French commune in the Bas - Rhin department in the Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine region of northeastern France .
Dudhpokhari(दूधपोखरी ) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal . The name Dudhpokhari is derived from the lake which lies in the base of Himalchuli .
St. Louis Downtown Airport ( IATA : CPS , ICAO : KCPS , FAA LID : CPS ) is a public - use airport located in Greater St. Louis , one mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Cahokia , in St. Clair County , Illinois , United States .
Magalia Community Church is a historic church located on Stirling Highway in Magalia , California .
Bear Creek Regional Park and Nature Center is a regional park located in Colorado Springs , Colorado that has trails for hiking , horseback riding , running and cycling .
The Oliverian School is a boarding school for students grades 9 - 12 , located in the mountains in Haverhill , New Hampshire .
Pniewie ( ˈpɲɛvjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Milew ( ˈmilɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
East Kilbride ( Scottish Gaelic : Cille Bhrìghde an Ear ) is the largest town in South Lanarkshire in Scotland .
Odivelas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( oðiˈvɛlɐʃ ) or ( ɔðiˈvɛlɐʃ ) ) is a city and a municipality in Lisbon Metropolitan Area , Portugal , in the Lisbon District and the historical and cultural Estremadura Province .
Lah Gavi Dalun ( Persian : له گاوي دالون‎ , also Romanized as Lah Gāvī Dālūn ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Deh - e Pakel Allah Reza ( Persian : ده پاكل اله رضا‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Pākel Allah Rez̤ā ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bakhti ( Persian : بختي‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtī ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
High Level Airport , ( IATA : YOJ , ICAO : CYOJ ) , is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) north northwest of High Level , Alberta , Canada .
Sirvan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سيروان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Riederwaldstadion is a stadium in Seckbach district of Frankfurt am Main in Germany .
Sarmaran ( Persian : سارمران‎ , also Romanized as Sārmarān , Sarmārān , and Sār Merān ; also known as Chahār Mārān and Chārmārān ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Luk Yeung Galleria ( Chinese : 綠楊坊 ) , formally known as Luk Yeung Sun Cheun Mall , is one of the largest shopping centres in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong , located in Luk Yeung Sun Chuen , above MTR Tsuen Wan Station .
Aliabad - e Tadayyon ( Persian : علي ابادتدين‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Tadayyon ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,409 , in 311 families .
Dizar ( Persian : ديزار‎ , also Romanized as Dīzār , Dījār , and Dehzār ) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District , Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Strzeganowice ( stʂɛɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Paschwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The New Penny is a gay pub in The Calls area of Leeds , West Yorkshire .
Bhagabanpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 31 Kanthi ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Strzęboszów ( stʂɛmˈbɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Izamal Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` dew of heaven '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 275.92 km2 ) of land and located roughly 67 km east of the city of Mérida .
Ullikkottai is an important village in Mannargudi Taluk , Tiruvarur District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Île - Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre - Dame - des - Sept - Douleurs , Quebec , Canada .
Cazê ( Chinese : 查孜 ; Pinyin : Cházī ) is a township in Ngamring County , Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Agro Emam Khormeyni ( Persian : كشت وصنعت امام خميني‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat Emām Khomeynī ) is a village and company town in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Viljandi County ( Estonian : Viljandi maakond or Viljandimaa , German : Kreis Fellin ) , is one of 15 counties of Estonia .
Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School(MDCHS ) is an independent , Roman Catholic high school located in Athens , Georgia .
Purana Shalla is a village ( tehsil ) in Gurdaspur in the Indian state of Punjab .
Tha Faek ( Thai : ท่าแฝก ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Nam Pat District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Krępnica ( krɛmpˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Khorasanak Station ( Persian : ايستگاه خراسانك‎ -- Īstgāh - e Khorāsānak ) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nowa Rokitnica ( ˈnɔva rɔkitˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Neurocken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Trübsee is a mountain lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden .
Gilttoyees Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Maharlu Kohneh ( Persian : مهارلوكهنه‎ , also Romanized as Mahārlū Kohneh ) is a village in Maharlu Rural District , Kuhenjan District , Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pott Row is an expanding village near King 's Lynn , Norfolk .
The American Academy in Berlin is located in the Hans Arnhold Center in a villa on the shores of the Wannsee , a lake within the identically - named district in the southwestern part of Berlin .
Seneghe ( Sardinian : Sèneghe ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Oristano .
Santiago Maravatío is a Mexican city ( and municipality ) located in the Bajío ( lowlands ) of the state of Guanajuato .
The Rutgers School of Dental Medicine ( formerly New Jersey Dental School ) is the dental school of Rutgers University .
Narabi ( Persian : نرابي‎ , also Romanized as Narābī ; also known as Narāb , Narāb Bālā , and Narāb - e Bālā ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Beyk ( Persian : بیک‎ , also Romanized as Bīk and Beyg ) is a village in Takmaran Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wola Sosnowa ( ˈvɔla sɔsˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Amur Oblast ( Russian : Аму́рская о́бласть , tr . Amurskaya oblast ; IPA : ( ɐˈmurskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) , located on the banks of the Amur and Zeya Rivers in the Russian Far East .
Parchin Poshteh ( Persian : پرچين پشته‎ , also Romanized as Parchīn Poshteh ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hull Paragon Interchange is an integrated rail and bus station in the city centre of Kingston upon Hull , England .
Krzepielów ( kʂɛˈpjɛluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Harmony Presbyterian Church is a historic church on the north side of Highway 103 , approximately 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of Clarksville in Harmony , Arkansas .
Alcorn State University Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Alcorn State University in Lorman , Mississippi .
Ahirauli Baghel and Bahiari Bahgel Origin from Pipara Baghel Village is an Indian village located on the border of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh .
Rozvadov ( German Roßhaupt ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic , on the border with Germany .
Nova Milanese is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) north of Milan .
Duhamel - Ouest is a municipality in northwestern Quebec , Canada in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality .
Prusaki ( pruˈsaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tybory - Jeziernia ( tɨˈbɔrɨ jɛˈʑɛrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Piątkowiec ( pjɔntˈkɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bishop 's Caundle is a small village and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset in South West England ; situated 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south - east of Sherborne .
Montrachet is located in the south of the Côte de Beaune , which is the southern half of the Côte d'Or , which in turn is the most important of the several wine producing subregions of Burgundy .
Pardameh ( Persian : پردمه‎ ) is a village in Larijan - e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The church of Santi Venanzio e Ansovino was situated near the Capitoline Hill in Rome .
The Collingswood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Collingswood , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Świeciny ( ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kinpurnie Castle is a stately home located close to Newtyle , near Blairgowrie , Angus in Scotland .
Fan Leng Lau ( Chinese : 粉嶺樓 ) is a village in Fanling , the north district of the New Territories of Hong Kong .
Originally known as The 1st Baptist Church in Hartford , Connecticut , The First Cathedral is the fifteenth oldest historically black church founded in the city of Hartford , Connecticut ; and the third congregation to be known as The First Baptist Church of Hartford , Connecticut .
The Preston & Northcote Community Hospital ( often referred to as PANCH ) was a former hospital located in Preston , Victoria , Australia , opened in 1958 and relocated to the Northern Hospital in Epping in February 1998 .
Tembi Golgir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تمبی گلگير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gandoman Industrial Estate ( Persian : قطب صنعتي گندمان‎ -- Qaṭab Şanʿatī - ye Gandomān ) is a village and company town in Gandoman Rural District , Gandoman District , Borujen County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Rothe House , is a unique Irish 16th century merchant 's townhouse complex located in the city of Kilkenny , Ireland .
The Hildebrand Monument is a public artwork fabricated by Joyce & Diener and located at Crown Hill National Cemetery in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Obałki ( ɔˈbau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hutt Lagoon is a salt lake located near the coast just north of the mouth of the Hutt River , in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Ames crater is a meteorite crater ( astrobleme ) in Major County , Oklahoma , United States .
Musa Kheyl ( Persian : موسي خيل‎ , also Romanized as Mūsá Kheyl ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Castello Bufalini is a castle - residence outside of the town of San Giustino , Province of Perugia , in the Region of Umbria , Italy .
Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning , Armstrong County , Pennsylvania .
Akbarabad - e Kazemi ( Persian : اكبرابادكاظمي‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Kāẓemī ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Dziwnówek ( d͡ʑivˈnuvɛk ) ( German : Wald - Dievenow or Klein Dievenow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Eschen is a municipality in the north of Liechtenstein .
Richmond River Light , also known as Ballina Head Light and Ballina Light , is an active lighthouse located at Ballina Head , a headland in Ballina , New South Wales , Australia .
Tarnice ( tarˈnit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
KRZY - FM ( 105.9 FM ) is a Spanish - language adult hits formatted radio station programmed by satellite , serving the Albuquerque , New Mexico , area .
Kamardar ( Persian : كمردار‎ , also Romanized as Kamardār ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Kalpush District , Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Firuzabad County ( Persian : شهرستان فیروزآباد‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Benton Lake Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is the largest wetland district in the nation .
Popowo - Północ ( pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈpuu̯nɔt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lietuvos rytas Arena is a 2,500-seat basketball arena in Vilnius , Lithuania , built next to Siemens Arena .
Suijiang County ( 绥江县 ; pinyin : Suíjiāng Xiàn ) is located in Zhaotong prefecture - level city in Yunnan Province , China .
The Arboretum de la Fosse ( 25 hectares ) , sometimes known as the Parc botanique de la Fosse , is a historic , private arboretum located in Fontaine - les - Coteaux , Loir - et - Cher , Centre , France .
San José de las Lajas is a municipality and the capital city of the newly formed Mayabeque Province of Cuba , after the segmentation of La Habana Province in 2011 .
The Cherokee Nuclear Power Plant is an uncompleted energy project 10 miles ( 16 km ) outside of Gaffney , South Carolina , United States .
Chyasmitar is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal .
Tarryall Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River , approximately 68.5 miles ( 110.2 km ) long , in Park County in central Colorado in the United States .
The Klaus Block is a historic building in downtown Lima , Ohio , United States .
Yixing ( ) is a county - level city with a population of 1.24 million administrated under the prefecture - level city of Wuxi in southern Jiangsu province , People 's Republic of China , and is part of the Yangtze River Delta .
Huntsville City Schools is the school district serving Huntsville , Alabama .
Ruen Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Руен , Obshtina Ruen ) is a municipality in Burgas Province , Bulgaria .
Kavirat District ( Persian : بخش کویرات‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Cabonga Reservoir ( French : Réservoir Cabonga ) is a man - made lake in central Quebec , Canada , with a total surface area of 677 square kilometres ( 261 sq mi ) and a net area ( water only ) of 484 square kilometres ( 187 sq mi ) .
Chau Tsai Kok ( Chinese : 洲仔角 ) is a small uninhabited island off the island of Tap Mun in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong , opposite to the village of Tap Mun .
Mściów ( mɕt͡ɕuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Prieta Mesa is a large mesa located northwest of Albuquerque in Sandoval County , New Mexico .
The Bindley Hardware Company Building in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania was built in 1903 alongside of the Pennsylvania Railroad main line , next to the Shadyside Station .
Mir Deh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميرده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Tarbat Ness Lighthouse is located at the North West tip of the Tarbat Ness peninsula near the fishing village of Portmahomack on the east coast of Scotland .
Claudelands Arena is a multi - purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre located in Hamilton , New Zealand .
KTWL ( 105.3 FM ) is a radio station that is licensed to serve the community of Hempstead , Texas , USA .
Karsavan ( Persian : كرسوان‎ , also Romanized as Karsavān ) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lumberton Municipal Airport ( IATA : LBT , ICAO : KLBT , FAA LID : LBT ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of the central business district of Lumberton , a city in Robeson County , North Carolina , United States .
Beth Tfiloh Dahan Community School is a private community Jewish day school in Baltimore County , Maryland .
Malek Tappeh ( Persian : ملك تپه‎ , also Romanized as Malek Tappeh ; also known as Malik Tappeh and Malik Tepe ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Salisbury Viaduct is a bridge in Somerset County , Pennsylvania near Meyersdale .
Brüka Theatre is a Reno - based theater group which was founded in 1992 , and is one of the main live theaters in Northern Nevada .
The Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry ( German : Max - Planck - Institut für Psychiatrie ) is a scientific institute based in Munich , Germany specializing in Psychiatry .
Kui Sadaf ( Persian : كوئ صدف‎ , also Romanized as Kūi Sadaf ; also known as Qazzāq Maḩalleh ) is a village in Estarabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Broadway Cinematheque ( Chinese : 百老匯電影中心 ) is a cinema in Yau Ma Tei , Hong Kong , run by Broadway Circuit .
Ureh ( Persian : اوره‎ , also Romanized as Ūreh ; also known as Ūreh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Karkas Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kerdasa ( Egyptian Arabic pronunciation : ( keɾˈdæːsæ ) ) is a village in Giza Governorate nearby Giza Plateau , Egypt .
Economy , Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Burnett Township , Pope County , Arkansas , United States .
Gharib Kandi ( Persian : غريب كندي‎ , also Romanized as Gharīb Kandī ; also known as Gharībābād ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Lewellen State Aid Bridge , near Lewellen , Nebraska , is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge that was built in 1926 .
Brzezinki Stare ( bʐɛˈʑinki ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sonoma TrainTown Railroad ( commonly called `` Sonoma Train Town '' ) is a tourist railroad and small amusement park in Sonoma , California , USA .
San Giorgio in Velabro is a church in Rome , Italy , devoted to St. George .
Davar Dar Mian - e Sofla ( Persian : دواردرميان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dāvar Dar Mīān - e Soflá ; also known as Davār Bamīān , Davār Dar Mīān , and Dāvar Dar Mīān ) is a village in Mansuri Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chałupska ( xaˈwupska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Leavenheath is a village and civil parish located on the Essex - Suffolk border .
Bur Khani ( Persian : بورخاني‎ , also Romanized as Būr Khānī ) is a village in Lafur Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ninikowo ( niniˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Ninikow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mensdorf ( Luxembourgish : Menster ) is a small town in the commune of Betzdorf , in eastern Luxembourg .
Puddefjorden , often anglicized as Pudde Fjord , is an inlet or fjord in the central part of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Kwieki ( ˈkfjɛki ) ( German : Kiebitzbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sämtisersee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden , Switzerland .
Vaie is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Turin in the Susa Valley .
Łowinek ( wɔˈvinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lay - e Shuruneh ( Persian : لاي شورونه‎ , also Romanized as Lāy - e Shūrūneh ; also known as Lāy - e Shīrūneh ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Province of Rome ( Italian : Provincia di Roma ) was one of the five provinces of Lazio , Italy .
Dargacz ( ˈdarɡat͡ʂ ) ( German : Dargatzhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Clinch Mountain is a mountain ridge in the U.S. states of Tennessee and Virginia , lying in the ridge - and - valley section of the Appalachian Mountains .
Shepherd Park is a neighborhood in the northwest quadrant of Washington , D.C. In the years following World War II , restrictive covenants which had prevented Jews and African Americans from purchasing homes in the neighborhood were no longer enforced , and the neighborhood became largely Jewish and African American .
Ebadat - e Do ( Persian : عبادات دو‎ , also Romanized as `` Ebādāt - e Do ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 116 , in 18 families .
Sangatte is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department on the northern coast of France on the English Channel .
The Willson Tower is a high - rise residential building in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Crowninshield - Bentley House ( circa 1727 - 1730 ) is a Colonial house in the Georgian style , located at 126 Essex Street , Salem , Massachusetts in the Essex Institute Historic District .
The Rufus Barrett Stone House , also called the Flatiron Building , is a historic townhouse located in Bradford , Pennsylvania , in McKean County .
Kalateh - ye Gah ( Persian : كلاته گاه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Gāh ) is a village in Baq Mej Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Braves Field was a baseball park in the Northeastern United States , located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Jahanabad - e Ghurak ( Persian : جهان ابادغورك‎ , also Romanized as Jahānābād - e Ghūrak ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Yanfolila is a town and seat of both the Yanfolila Cercle and the Wassoulou - Ballé rural commune in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Edgemont Village is a small commercial area in the District of North Vancouver , in British Columbia , Canada .
The Nied is a river in Lorraine , France , and Saarland , Germany .
The Jane Addams College of Social Work is a division of the University of Illinois at Chicago and is located at 1040 West Harrison Street , Chicago , Illinois 60607 - 7134 .
Trehafod is a village and community in the Rhondda Valley between Porth and Pontypridd in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , although in administrative terms is split between the electoral division of Cymmer ( Rhondda ) to the West and Rhondda ( Pontypridd ) to the East .
The Sifang Art Museum previously known as 4Cube Museum of Contemporary Art is a museum in Nanjing , in Jiangsu province in China .
The John Q. Hammons Student Center is an 8,846 seat multi - purpose arena on the campus of Missouri State University in Springfield , Missouri .
Griffen Island is a bar in the Ohio River located along the southwestern side of Browns Island near Weirton in Hancock County , West Virginia .
Doris M. Johnson High School was a public high school located in the northeast area known as Clifton Park of Baltimore , Maryland .
The Blue Oak Ranch Reserve , a unit of the University of California Natural Reserve System , is a ecological reserve and biological field station in Santa Clara County , California .
Lanja is a census town in Ratnagiri district in the Western Indian state of Maharashtra .
Taiping New City Subdistrict ( Chinese : 太平新城街道 ; pinyin : Tàipíng Xīnchéng Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict situated in eastern Anning City , Yunnan province , southwestern China .
Weenusk First Nation ( Cree : ᐧᐄᓈᐢᑯ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ ( Wīnāsko Ininiwak ) ; unpointed : ᐧᐃᓇᐢᑯ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ ) is a Cree First Nation band government in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Dobrylewo ( dɔbrɨˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Jonathan Alder High School is an NCA accredited public high school located in Plain City , Ohio .
Beechcroft High School is a four - year high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) located on the north side of Columbus , Ohio .
Llanvair Discoed ( Welsh : Llanfair Is Coed ) is a small village in Monmouthshire , south - east Wales , 6 miles west of Chepstow and 10 miles east of Newport .
Nyingchi also known as Linzhi is a prefecture - level city in southeast of the Tibet Autonomous Region .
The Boca Grande Community Center ( also known as Boca Grande School ) is a historic site in Boca Grande , Florida , United States .
Sunshine Plaza is a large regional shopping centre located in Maroochydore , Queensland .
Fort Nashborough was the stockade established in early 1779 in the French Lick area of the Cumberland River valley as a forerunner to the settlement that would become the city of Nashville , Tennessee .
Llanddeiniolen is a community in the county of Gwynedd , Wales , and is 124.4 miles ( 200.2 km ) from Cardiff and 206.0 miles ( 331.5 km ) from London .
Shuangyang District ( simplified Chinese : 双阳区 ; traditional Chinese : 雙陽區 ; pinyin : Shuāngyáng Qū ) is one of six districts of Changchun , the capital of Jilin province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the city 's southeastern suburbs .
Forrabury and Minster is a civil parish on the north coast of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Birzhevoy Bridge ( also known as Exchange Bridge ; Russian : Биржево́й мост ) is the bridge across Malaya Neva ( distributary of Neva River ) in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Vidapanakal or Vidapanakallu is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
The Dayton Art Institute ( DAI ) is a museum of fine arts in Dayton , Ohio , USA .
Ordukhan Kandi ( Persian : اردوخانكندي‎ , also Romanized as Ordūkhān Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Klaas Smits River ( Afrikaans : Klaas Smitsrivier ) is a river part of the Great Kei River system in the Eastern Cape , South Africa .
Pędzewo ( pɛnˈd͡zɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Islamic Association of Long Island ( also known as the Selden Masjid ) is a mosque at 10 Park Hill Drive in Selden , New York , eastern Long Island , 65 miles east of New York City .
The Great Otway National Park , also called The Otways , is a national park located in the Barwon South West region of Victoria , Australia .
The Classen ( Originally Citizens Bank Tower ) is a skyscraper in the uptown section of Oklahoma City , near the city 's Asia District .
Jharsa is a large village in Gurgaon Mandal in Gurgaon District in Haryana State , India .
Black Clauchrie House is a late Victorian manor house , located on the outskirts of the village of Barrhill in South Ayrshire , Scotland , adjacent to the Galloway Forest Park .
The Mukilteo Light is an operational navigation aid located on the east side of Possession Sound at Mukilteo , Snohomish County , Washington , in the United States .
Qasab - e Amir ( Persian : قصاب امير‎ , also Romanized as Qaşāb - e Amīr ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shixing County ( postal : Chihing ; simplified Chinese : 始兴县 ; traditional Chinese : 始興縣 ; pinyin : Shǐxìng Xiàn ) is a county of Shaoguan , Guangdong Province , China .
Ralph Bunche High School was a school constructed in 1949 as a result of Civil Action 631 to provide `` separate but equal '' education for African - American students in King George County , Virginia .
La Grande / Union County Airport ( IATA : LGD , ICAO : KLGD , FAA LID : LGD ) is four miles southeast of La Grande , in Union County , Oregon .
Bear Valley Unified School District is a school district in San Bernardino County , California , supporting the towns of the Big Bear area such as Boulder Bay , Fawnskin , Big Bear City , Big Bear Lake , Surgarloaf , etc . The district serves seven schools :
Bolzaneto is a quarter of the city of Genoa , in northwest Italy , and is part of the Municipality Valpolcevera of Genoa .
Blue School is a progressive independent school located in New York City 's Lower Manhattan .
Kahurani ( Persian : كهوراني‎ , also Romanized as Kahūrānī ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The William P. Didusch Center for Urologic History is a museum and the headquarters of the American Urological Association in Linthicum , Maryland .
Schiervelde Stadion ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈsxiːr.ˌvɛl.də staː.di.ˌjɔn ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Roeselare , Belgium .
Elizabeth Street Common Ground Supportive Housing in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia is a supportive housing project that will provide 161 individuals and families with homes in Elizabeth Street , Melbourne by September 2010 .
The Balboa Pier is one of two piers located in the city of Newport Beach , Orange County , California .
Tooma Dam is a major ungated concrete embankment dam across the Tooma River in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales , Australia .
Andaraq ( Persian : اندرق‎ ; also known as Andareh and Andarreh ) is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Taylor Sportsplex is a sports facility owned by and located in the City of Taylor , Michigan .
Zaghedeh ( Persian : زاغ ده‎ , also Romanized as Zāghedeh ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Stevenson Dam Bridge carries Connecticut Route 34 over the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut , connecting the town of Monroe to the town of Oxford .
Daimús ( Valencian pronunciation : ( dajˈmus ) , Spanish : Daimuz ) is a small municipality in the Safor comarca ( county ) , in the Valencian Community close to the Mediterranean sea in Spain .
Lampman is a small town of around 735 people , located in the south east part of Saskatchewan roughly 30 miles northeast of Estevan .
Dumfries and Galloway ( Scots : Dumfries an Gallowa , Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Phrìs is Gall - Ghaidhealaibh ) is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands .
1201 Third Avenue , formerly Washington Mutual Tower is a 235.31 m ( 772.0 ft ) , 55-story skyscraper in downtown Seattle , Washington .
Chaman - e Amirabad ( Persian : چمن اميراباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Chaman - e Amīrābād ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Chuqur Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Chal Shah ( Persian : چل شه‎ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chojęcin ( xɔˈjɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Vittore Olona is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy , located on the river Olona and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northwest of Milan .
Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture ( simplified Chinese : 黄南藏族自治州 ; traditional Chinese : 黃南藏族自治州 ; pinyin : Huángnán Zàngzú Zìzhìzhōu ; Tibetan : རྨ་ལྷོ་བོད་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་ , Wylie : rma lho bod rigs rang skyong khul ) is an autonomous prefecture of eastern Qinghai , China , bordering Gansu to the east .
The Florida Interactive Entertainment Academy ( FIEA ) is a graduate school of the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida located in Orlando , Florida , USA .
Bronisławów Mały ( brɔniˈswavuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zaviyeh Mashali ( Persian : زاويه مشعلي‎ , also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Mash``alī and Zāveyeh - ye Mash``alī ; also known as Mash``alī ) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 836 , in 147 families .
University Airpark ( ICAO : K41 G , FAA LID : 41 G ) is a general aviation airport located 2 miles ( 3 km ) west - northwest of Bath , Michigan in Clinton County , Michigan , USA .
Keperveyem ( Russian : Кепервеем ; Chukchi : кэпэрвээм ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Bilibinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , Russia .
Udziców ( uˈd͡ʑit͡suf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Northern Isles ( Scots : Northren Isles ; Scottish Gaelic : Na h - Eileanan a Tuath ; Old Norse : Norðreyjar ) is an archipelago comprising a chain of islands off the north coast of mainland Scotland .
Mikell 's was a jazz club on the corner of 97th Street and Columbus Avenue , New York .
Brown County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district located in Mount Sterling , the county seat of Brown County , Illinois ; it was created out of sixty - seven individual school districts and one parochial school .
Talgehi ( Persian : تل گهي‎ , also Romanized as Talgehī ; also known as Talgehī - ye Pā’īn and Tall Gah ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ocean Hall is a historic house located at Bushwood , St. Mary 's County , Maryland , U.S. The house is believed to have been built about 1670 .
The Pabst Theater is an indoor concert venue and landmark of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , U.S. Colloquially known as `` the Pabst '' , the theater hosts about 100 events per year .
The Hôtel Potocki is a former residence of the Polish noble Potocki family in the 8th arrondissement of Paris .
The MacDowell Colony is an artists ' colony in Peterborough , New Hampshire , United States , founded in 1907 by Marian MacDowell , pianist and wife of composer Edward MacDowell .
Santa Prisca is a titular church of Rome , on the Aventine Hill , for Cardinal - priests .
Kahriz - e Qaleh Kohneh ( Persian : كهريزقلعه كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Qal``eh Kohneh ; also known as Kahrīz ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 480 , in 114 families .
Masein ( Romansh : Masagn ) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Carleton Martello Tower in Saint John , New Brunswick , is one of the nine surviving Martello Towers in Canada .
Talesh Mahalleh - ye Fatuk ( Persian : طالش محله فتوك‎ , also Romanized as Ţālesh Maḩalleh - ye Fatūk ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Coastal Sound Music Academy is a Canadian choral organization based in Coquitlam , British Columbia .
Quchestan ( Persian : قوچستان‎ , also Romanized as Qūchestān ) is a village in Galehzan Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Ford Discovery Centre was an interactive automobile museum located in Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Obuchowo ( ɔbuˈxɔvɔ ) ( German Obuchshöfchen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lorini - ye Ajudani ( Persian : لريني اجوداني‎ , also Romanized as Lorīnī - ye Ājūdānī ; also known as Lorīnī ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Unjárga ( Northern Sami ) or Nesseby ( Norwegian ) ( also Uuniemi in Kven / Finnish ) is a municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Batchelor Airfield , ( ICAO : YBCR ) is an airport located south of Batchelor , Northern Territory , Australia .
Moruny ( mɔˈrunɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The JCPM Yakiimo Station is an astronomical observatory station at Shimizu , Shizuoka prefecture , Japan .
Schraalenburgh North Church , also known as North Church and as The Old North Reformed Church or Old Reformed Church , was founded 1801 as a Dutch Reformed Church , in present day Dumont , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Thingangyun Township ( Burmese : သင်္ဃန်းကျွန်း မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( θɪ̀ɴɡáɴdʑʊ́ɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the eastern part of Yangon .
Market Common Clarendon is an outdoor mixed - use development featuring retail , restaurants , and residential buildings located along Clarendon Boulevard in the Clarendon neighborhood of Arlington , Virginia .
Scratchy Bottom ( or Scratchy 's Bottom ) is a clifftop valley between Durdle Door and Swyre Head in Dorset , England .
Kowloon City Ferry Pier ( Chinese : 九龍城碼頭 ) is a ferry pier in Ma Tau Kok , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Toronto Public Library ( TPL ) ( French : Bibliothèque publique de Toronto ) is a public library system in Toronto , Ontario .
The Ozark Cavefish National Wildlife Refuge is a 40-acre ( 16-ha ) National Wildlife Refuge located in Lawrence County , Missouri , 20 mi ( 32 km ) west of Springfield .
Estádio Vivaldo Lima , usually known by its nickname Vivaldão , was a multi - purpose stadium in Manaus , Brazil .
Vincennes University ( VU ) is a public university in Vincennes , Indiana , in the United States .
Tukur ( Persian : توكور‎ , also Romanized as Tūkūr and Tūgūr ; also known as Beyk Tūkūr - e Pā’īn and Bīk - e Tūkūr ) is a village in Takmaran Rural District , Sarhad District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kępa Lubawska ( ˈkɛmpa luˈbafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
West Hawai'i Explorations Academy ( WHEA ) , officially West Hawaii Explorations Academy Public Charter School , is a public charter school located in Kailua - Kona , Hawai'i , founded on May 4 , 2000 .
Mount Sill is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California .
Ibn Seena Academy is an Islamic school in Orlando , Florida .
Tötensen is a small village near Hamburg , Germany , belonging to the municipality of Rosengarten ( district of Harburg ) .
KCAF - FM ( 92.1 FM ) is a country radio station licensed to Kenedy , Texas , USA .
KJIT - LP ( 106.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Bismarck , North Dakota , USA ; the station serves the Bismarck area .
Mount Warning ( Aboriginal : Wollumbin ) , a mountain in the Tweed Range in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia , was formed from a volcanic plug of the now - gone Tweed Volcano .
Azinhoso is a Portuguese parish in the Concelho of Mogadouro .
The Hoosac Range is part of both the Berkshires of western Massachusetts and the southern Green Mountains of Vermont ; it is part of the greater Appalachian Mountain chain .
Previla ( Serbian Cyrillic : Превила ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Whittier Narrows Dam is a 56-foot ( 17 m ) tall earth dam on the San Gabriel River located , as its name implies , at the Whittier Narrows in Montebello , California .
Lowell Catholic High School is a private , not - for - profit , college preparatory school in Lowell , Massachusetts .
Meymunabad ( Persian : ميمون آباد‎ , also Romanized as Meymūnābād ; also known as Mehmānābād and Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Sis Rural District , Bolbanabad District , Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Eugeniów ( ɛuˈɡɛɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
It often refers to the broad , densely populated , fjord - like mouth of the river , in Kramfors Municipality , and is known for the Ådalen shootings in 1931 .
WSDR ( 1240 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Sterling , Illinois .
Michorowo ( mixɔˈrɔvɔ ) ( German Micherau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sir Kenneth Green Library is the library of Manchester Metropolitan University , in the All Saints building , where it occupies five floors .
Stavyshche ( Ukrainian : Ставище ) is an urban - type settlement in the Kiev Oblast ( province ) in northern Ukraine , on the Hnylyi Tikych river .
Sonoran Desert National Monument is located south of Goodyear and Buckeye and east of Gila Bend , Arizona .
Nowa Wieś Oleska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɔˈlɛska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Vancouver Maritime Museum is a Maritime museum devoted to presenting the maritime history of Vancouver , British Columbia , and the Canadian Arctic .
Fluvanna County High School ( FCHS ) is a public school about two miles west of Palmyra , Virginia on Virginia State Route 53 .
Bab Zangi ( Persian : باب زنگي‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Zangī ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Villa Mettlen is a country estate in the municipality of Muri bei Bern in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Turnhouse Golf Club is a golf club situated in the West of Edinburgh on Lennie Hill at Turnhouse , Scotland .
Sheviock ( Cornish : Seviek ) is a coastal civil parish and a hamlet in south - east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Glen Park Municipal Swimming Pool is a historic swimming pool in River Falls , Wisconsin .
Burkarty ( burˈkartɨ ) ( German : Borchertsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Samuel Douglass House at 215 N. Main St. in Payson , Utah was built in 1874 and later substantially altered .
Abbasabad - e Talabi ( Persian : عباس اباد طالبي‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbāsābād - e Tālabī ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 13 families .
Nez Perce Peak is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately southeast of Grand Teton .
Ballhausplatz is a square in central Vienna containing the building ( with the address Ballhausplatz 2 ) that for over two hundred years has been the official residence of the most senior Austrian Cabinet Minister , the State Chancellor , today the Chancellor of Austria ( Prime Minister ) .
Poniklica ( pɔniˈklit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bloomingdale Firehouse , also known as the Brown Square Station , is a historic former firehouse at 267 Plantation Street/676 Franklin Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
The Robert Taylor Ranch is a ranch located on Mandeville Canyon Road , in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles , California .
Thembang is an ancient village with high historical and cultural significance situated in West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Brudzędy ( bruˈd͡zɛndɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Perham Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 16D ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two miles northwest of the central business district of Perham , a city in Otter Tail County , Minnesota , United States .
Mo'orea ( Tahitian pronunciation : \ˌmō - ō-ˈrā - ä , ˈmō - ō-ˌrā-\ ) is a high island in French Polynesia , one of the Windward Islands , part of the Society Islands , 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) northwest of Tahiti .
San Carlos volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field in Arizona .
The Albany Parks & Recreation is a city agency in Albany , Oregon , United States responsible for maintaining the local city parks as well as organizing cultural events .
Halton Moor is a district of east Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , about three miles east of Leeds city centre close to the A63 .
The Montgomery Water Works is located along NY 17 K in the village of Montgomery , New York .
Faqir Bazar ( Persian : فقيربازار‎ , also Romanized as Faqīr Bāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Qarlujeh ( Persian : قارلوجه‎ , also Romanized as Qārlūjeh ; also known as Qārūjeh ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kodak Tower is a 19 story skyscraper located in the High Falls District of Rochester , New York .
Korean Central Presbyterian Church ( KCPC ) is an Evangelical Christian megachurch located in Centreville , Virginia , situated in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area , affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America .
Gampo Abbey is a Western Buddhist monastery in the Shambhala tradition in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Jerome Historic District , in Jerome , Arizona , is a historic district that is significant for its association with copper mining .
Varguran ( Persian : ورگوران‎ , also Romanized as Vargūrān ) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dziadowice - Folwark ( d͡ʑadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kalateh - ye Marvi ( Persian : كلاته مروي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Marvī ; also known as Mowrī ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Shapur Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شاپور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Asylum Light is located just north of Oshkosh , Wisconsin , in Winnebago County , Wisconsin .
The River Rat is a river in the county of Suffolk in East Anglia , England .
Hozomeen Mountain is a double - summited rock peak on the east side of Ross Lake in the North Cascades of Washington state .
As Hexiwuzhen ( 镇 ) , a locality of about 25,000 people , has now been absorbed by the municipality of Tianjin 's Wuqing District .
Shir - e Tar ( Persian : شيرتر‎ , also Romanized as Shīr - e Tar ) is a village in Lulaman Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Nepean Highway runs south from the corner of Glenhuntly Road and Brighton Road in Victoria , Australia to Portsea , along the eastern shore of Port Phillip .
Liszkowice ( liʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hruszew ( ˈxruʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
RAAF Base Darwin ( IATA : DRW , ICAO : YPDN ) is a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) base located in the city of Darwin , Northern Territory .
Negareh ( Persian : نگره‎ ; also known as Tīreh `` Alī ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 457 , in 104 families .
Chaussée - Notre - Dame - Louvignies is a village near the Belgian town Soignies in the province of hainaut .
Wroxton is a village and civil parish in the north of Oxfordshire about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west of Banbury .
Białołęka ( Polish pronunciation : ( bʲawɔˈwɛŋka ) , from biały - white and łąka - meadow ) is one of 18 districts of Warsaw , located in the northern part of the city .
Chesters Bridge was a Roman bridge over the River North Tyne at Chollerford , Northumberland , England , and adjacent to Chesters Roman fort on Hadrian 's Wall .
The Wood - Harrison House at 310 S. 300 West in Springville , Utah was built in 1853 and expanded in 1877 .
Chapel No . 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver , Colorado , United States .
Prairie Grove Battlefield State Park is an Arkansas state park located next to Prairie Grove .
Billingsgate is one of the 25 Wards of the City of London .
Przewodowo Poduchowne ( pʂɛvɔˈdɔvɔ pɔduˈxɔvnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kodagu is the district neighbouring Kannur district of which Ulikkal forms a part .
Portico Row is a set of 16 historic rowhouses located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Pain Serest ( Persian : پايين سرست‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Serest ; also known as Pā’īn Sar Rost ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Eldorado Valley , or El Dorado Valley , is a Great Basin valley in the Mojave Desert southeast of Las Vegas and southwest of Boulder City , Nevada .
The Thomas P. Ives House is a National Historic Landmark at 66 Power Street in the College Hill in Providence , Rhode Island .
KVFS - LP is a low - powered radio station in Spokane , Washington .
Chestertown Railroad Station is a historic railway station built in 1902 - -03 for the Pennsylvania Railroad and located in Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland .
The Gros Cap Archaeological District is a set of three archaeological sites located in Moran Township , Michigan , USA , designated 20MK6 , 20MK7 and 20MK111 .
Kingsway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 2810 Nostrand Ave . in Midwood , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Mount Kineo , situated beside Moosehead Lake in Maine , is in the northern Maine forest , which stretches north to Canada .
Facpi Point is a headland in the southwest of the island of Guam .
Vanistan ( Persian : ونيستان‎ , also Romanized as Vanīstān ; also known as Vanīstān - e Chūbar ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Moniatycze - Kolonia ( mɔɲaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Gronówek ( ɡrɔˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nyzhnie Synovydne ( Ukrainian : Ни́жнє Синьови́дне , Polish : Synowódzko Niżne ) is a village ( selo ) in Skole Raion , Lviv Oblast , of Western Ukraine .
Ettington is a village and civil parish about 5.5 miles ( 9 km ) south - east of Stratford - upon - Avon in Warwickshire , England .
V.M. Ybor is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa , Florida , United States .
Ashby - de - la - Zouch ( /ˌæʃbɪˌdələˈzuːʃ/ ) , often shortened to Ashby , is a small market town and civil parish in North West Leicestershire , England , within the National Forest .
West Ferris Secondary School ( WFSS ) is located on Marshall Park Drive in the West Ferris area of North Bay , Ontario .
The Abbey of St. Jean des Vignes was a monastery of Augustinian Canons situated in the south western hills of Soissons , Aisne , France .
Kowańcz ( ˈkɔvaɲt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gonsenheim is a borough in the northwest corner of Mainz , Germany .
David W. Butler High School ( commonly referred to as `` Butler '' ) , established in 1997 , is located in Matthews , North Carolina , USA .
The Musée de l'Imprimerie is a museum in Lyon , France , with the mission of enhancing , conserving , documenting and valuing the heritage of printed books and graphic arts .
The Livermore Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in Alameda County , California , surrounding the city of Livermore in the Tri - Valley region .
The Howelsen Hill Ski Area is a small ski area located on Howelsen Hill in Steamboat Springs , Colorado .
Ajmera ( Urdu , Pashto : اجميره ) is a town , and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a complex of industrial research and development facilities located on a 2,668-acre ( 1,080 ha ) portion of the Southern California Simi Hills in Simi Valley , California .
St. Louis Assembly Plant was an automobile factory owned by Ford Motor Company in Hazelwood , Missouri .
WR Draw is an out - of - service railroad bridge crossing the Passaic River between Newark and the Arlington section of Kearny , New Jersey .
WQME is a medium market Contemporary - Christian format radio station in Anderson , Indiana broadcasting on 98.7 FM .
Lumami is a village located in the Zunheboto district of Nagaland state , in North Eastern part of India .
Lake Woods is an ephemeral freshwater lake in the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Le Roy Commercial Historic District is a commercial historic district in downtown Le Roy , Illinois .
Nedging - with - Naughton is a civil parish in Suffolk , England .
Symbiosis International University ( SIU ) is a private coeducational , multi - institutional university located in Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Saint Anthony 's Battery ( Maltese : Batterija ta ' Sant'Antnin ) is an artillery battery in Qala , Gozo , Malta .
Edrisabad ( Persian : ادريس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Edrīsābād and Edresābād ) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District , Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Scotts Bluff National Monument in western Nebraska includes an important 19th - century landmark on the Oregon Trail and Mormon Trail .
The Diamond Club Ground is home ground of Diamond Cricket Club and First - class cricket venue in Islamabad , Pakistan .
Qeshlaqlu ( Persian : قشلاق لو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāqlū ) is a village in Najafabad Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Brocton Arch is a historic `` welcome arch '' located at Brocton in Chautauqua County , New York .
Chah - e Golni ( Persian : چاه گلني‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Golnī ) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Okomu National Park , formerly the Okomu Wildlife Sanctuary , is a forest block within the 1,082 km² Okomu Forest Reserve in the Ovia South - West Local Government Area of Edo State in Nigeria .
Darrell Bay , formerly Shannon Bay , is a bay and associated ferry terminal and unincorporated settlement on the northeast coast of Howe Sound to the south of Squamish , British Columbia , Canada .
Hendudur ( Persian : هندودر‎ , also Romanized as Hendūdūr ; also known as Hanūdār , Hendūdar , Henūdar , and Hindūdar ) is a city in and the capital of Sarband District , in Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Yilqan Darreh ( Persian : يلقان دره‎ , also Romanized as Yīlqān Darreh ) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Twin Pine Airport ( FAA LID : N75 ) , originally called the Pennington Airport , was a privately owned public - use airport located on Pennington - Lawrenceville Road three miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of the central business district of Pennington , in Hopewell Township , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Winchcombe is a Cotswold town in the local authority district of Tewkesbury , in Gloucestershire , England .
Wanikajmy ( vaniˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Woninkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Parzynów ( paˈʐɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Cambridge School of Culinary Arts ( CSCA ) is a professional school located in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Harileh ( Persian : هريله‎ , also Romanized as Harīleh ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The China World Trade Center ( simplified Chinese : 中国国际贸易中心 ; traditional Chinese : 中國國際貿易中心 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó guójì màoyì zhōngxīn ) is located in Chaoyang District , the central business district of Beijing , China .
Zahabad ( Persian : زه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zahābād and Zehābād ; also known as Zabad ) is a village in Niyarak Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Cedzyna ( t͡sɛˈd͡zɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Cornelia White House is a historic 1893 wooden residential structure located in downtown Palm Springs , California , and is one of the oldest surviving structures -- of any kind -- in the town .
Rhinelander High School , abbreviated RHS , is a high school in Rhinelander , Oneida County , Wisconsin USA .
The Presidio of San Francisco ( originally , El Presidio Real de San Francisco or The Royal Fortress of Saint Francis ) is a park and former military base on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula in San Francisco , California , and is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area .
Kamskoye Ustye ( Russian : Камское Устье ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Kamsko - Ustyinsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the Kuybyshev Reservoir , near the confluence of the Volga and Kama Rivers .
The Monument to the Unknown Soldier ( Arabic,نصب الجندي المجهول ) is a monument in central Baghdad designed by Italian architect Marcello D'Olivo and built between 1979 and 1982 .
Prospera Place , formerly known as Skyreach Place , is a 6,886-seat multi - purpose arena , in Kelowna , British Columbia , Canada .
Mehan ( Persian : مهن‎ , also Romanized as Mahn and Mīhan ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Łysowody ( wɨsɔˈvɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sharukhiyeh ( Persian : شاروخيه‎ , also Romanized as Shārūkhīyeh ; also known as Shāhrokhīyeh ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Keira High School in Wollongong , New South Wales has existed as an institution under several names since 1917 .
The Westminster Castle , also locally known as `` The Big Red Castle '' or `` The Pillar of Fire '' is a historic landmark located in Westminster , Colorado , northwest of Denver near the intersection of 83rd and Federal .
Naddafiyeh ( Persian : ندافيه‎ , also Romanized as Naddāfīyeh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Central Grocery is a small , old - fashioned Italian - American grocery store with a sandwich counter , located at 923 Decatur Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Howe Military Academy is a private , co - educational , and college preparatory boarding school located on a 100-acre ( 0.40 km2 ) campus in Northeast Indiana .
Patomha ( Persian : پاتمها‎ , also Romanized as Pātomhā ; also known as Bātamhā , Bātanbā , and Pātomhā Mījān ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Blue Heron Lake is an `` L''-shaped man - made lake located in East Riverside Park in the east of Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Rębusz ( ˈrɛmbuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Territoire de Belfort ( French pronunciation : ​(tɛ.ʁi.twaʁ də bɛl.fɔʁ ) ) is a department in the Bourgogne - Franche - Comté region of eastern France .
Abiriba is pronounced ( /E`biriba`/ ) and it is in The Ohafia Local Government Area .
Saravani ( Persian : سراواني‎ , also Romanized as Sarāvānī ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mazarandeh ( Persian : مزارنده‎ , also Romanized as Mazārandeh and Mezārandeh ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Izkhvor Deh ( Persian : ايزخورده‎ , also Romanized as Īzkhvor Deh ) is a village in Natel Kenar - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nicollet Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis , Minnesota and three of its suburbs .
The Middle Haddam Historic District is a historic district in the town of East Hampton , Connecticut .
Mnichus ( ˈmnixus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The New England Air Museum ( NEAM ) is an aerospace museum located at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks , Connecticut , U.S.A ..
Ferdowsieh ( Persian : فردوسيه‎ , also Romanized as Ferdowsīeh ; formerly , Ferdows ) is a city in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Madhi is a village in Pathardi taluka of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra .
Kaua Municipality ( Yucatec Maya : `` is it bitter ? '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 214.60 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 135 kilometres ( 84 mi ) southeast of the city of Mérida .
Blind River Iron Bridge Wharncliffe , Ontario Ontario Hydro constructed dams and four hydroelectric generating stations on the Mississagi River , Rayner G.S. , Wells G.S. , Red Rock Falls G.S. , and Aubrey Falls G.S. between 1950 and 1970 , which today are operated by Brookfield Asset Management .
Dameh ( Persian : دمه‎ ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Ennepe - Ruhr - Kreis is a district in the center of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Kamchay Mear District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំចាយមារ ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
The Museum of Flying is a private non - profit air and space museum in Santa Monica , California .
Politz Day School is a private Modern Orthodox Jewish day school in Cherry Hill , New Jersey .
Lake Zahl National Wildlife Refuge is a 3,823-acre ( 1,547 ha ) National Wildlife Refuge in Williams County in the U.S. state of North Dakota .
The Pelletier House is a historic home and national historic district located at Jacksonville , Onslow County , North Carolina .
The House at 114 Marble Street in Stoneham , Massachusetts is a well - preserved Gothic Victorian cottage , built c. 1850 .
Talandasht ( Persian : تالاندشت‎ , also Romanized as Tālāndasht ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Owston and Newbold is a hamlet and civil parish , 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Oakham in the county of Leicestershire , England .
Assens Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the island of Funen in central Denmark .
Fraddon is a village in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , in the parish of St Enoder .
The Fricktal ( `` Frick Valley '' ) region is the northwest extension of the Swiss canton of Aargau .
Gowhar Darreh ( Persian : گوهردره‎ ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Czarnia Mała ( ˈt͡ʂarɲa ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Langhorne Speedway was an automobile racetrack in Middletown Township , Bucks County , near the borough of Langhorne , Pennsylvania , a northern suburb of Philadelphia .
The Hartman Prehistoric Garden is a botanical garden within the Zilker Botanical Garden in Austin , Texas , USA .
Lefka Ori ( Greek : Λευκά Όρη , meaning `` White Mountains '' ) or Madares ( Μαδάρες from the Cretan Greek μαδαρός meaning `` without coverage , bald , bare of any vegetation for high mountain areas '' ) is a mountain range located in Western Crete , in the Chania prefecture .
Huijiang Station ( Chinese : 会江站 ) is a metro station on Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro located under the junction of Shibei Avenue ( Chinese : 石北大道 ) and Shizhong Second Road ( Chinese : 石中二路 ) in the Panyu District of Guangzhou City , Guangdong Province , China .
Vettakkal is coastal village in Cherthala taluk of Alappuzha district in Kerala , India .
The McDonald Ranch is a historic ranch complex located 14 miles ( 23 km ) southwest of Chugwater in Laramie County , Wyoming .
McAllister Glacier is in a large cirque to the north and east of Dorado Needle , North Cascades National Park , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Stojadła ( stɔˈjadwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Maniowo ( maˈɲɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Ravensberg Basin ( German : Ravensberger Mulde ) or Ravensberg Hills ( Ravensberger Hügelland ) is a natural region in the governorate of Detmold ( Ostwestfalen - Lippe ) in the northeastern part of the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia ; small elements also fall within the neighbouring state of Lower Saxony .
Galugah County ( Persian : شهرستان گلوگاه‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
La Grand - Croix is a commune and a canton in the Loire department in central France .
The Los Cerritos Center is a super regional shopping mall located in Cerritos , California .
Alikuh ( Persian : اليكوه‎ , also Romanized as Ālīkūh and `` Ālī Kūh ; also known as Ālkūh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,382 , in 473 families .
The Quarry Bridge is located near Quarry , Iowa in Marshall County , Iowa .
The German School London ( German : Deutsche Schule London ; DSL ) is a school based at the Grade II * listed building Douglas House in Petersham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Sang Bijar ( Persian : سنگ بيجار‎ , also Romanized as Sang Bījār ; also known as Sangabadzhar , Sangabajar , and Sang Bejār ) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Bargo River , a watercourse of the Hawkesbury - Nepean catchment , is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur districts of New South Wales , Australia .
Achingills ( Gaelic : ) is a small hamlet in Halkirk , Caithness within Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland .
Khar Tidu ( Persian : خارتيدو‎ , also Romanized as Khār Tīdū ; also known as Zangūtī ) is a village in Bajestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Maleskam ( Persian : ملسكام‎ , also Romanized as Maleskām and Moleskām ; also known as Mowlīskān ) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Port of Morrow is the port authority in Boardman , a city in Morrow County , Oregon , United States , on the Columbia River .
Tang - e Algher ( Persian : تنگ الغر‎ ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Chestnut Hill Meetinghouse ( also known as South Parish Meeting House ) is an historic meeting house at the corner of Chestnut and Thayer Streets in Millville , Massachusetts .
Ségou Region is an administrative region in Mali , situated in the centre of the country with an area of 64,821 km2 ( around 5 % of Mali ) .
Poskurice ( Serbian : Поскурице ) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom , Serbia .
Rodenbourg ( Luxembourgish : Roudemer , German : Rodenburg ) is a village in the commune of Junglinster , in central Luxembourg .
Coplow Dale ( or Coplowdale ) is a small settlement in the civil parish of Little Hucklow , Derbyshire , England .
Sureh Chum ( Persian : سوره چوم‎ , also Romanized as Sūreh Chūm ; also known as Sūreh Cham ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Simindasht ( Persian : سيمين دشت‎ , also Romanized as Sīmīndasht ) is a village in Hablerud Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Disley Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CDS2 ) , is located adjacent to Disley , Saskatchewan , Canada , and just west of Lumsden .
Newcomb 's Ranch is a roadhouse at 5,340 feet ( 1,630 m ) in elevation in the Angeles National Forest , near Los Angeles , California .
Prior Park Landscape Garden surrounding the Prior Park estate south of Bath , Somerset , England , was designed in the 18th century by the poet Alexander Pope and the landscape gardener Capability Brown , and is now owned by the National Trust .
Tappahannock Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : W79 ) was a town - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Tappahannock , a town in Essex County , Virginia , United States .
Palmas Arborea ( Sardinian : Prammas ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) southeast of Oristano .
The Utica Memorial Auditorium is a 3,860-seat multi - purpose arena in Utica , New York , with a capacity of 5,700 for concerts .
Jizzakh Region ( Uzbek : Jizzax viloyati / Жиззах вилояти ) is one of the regions of Uzbekistan .
Westfield Culver City ( also known as the Fox Hills Mall ) , is a shopping mall in Culver City , California , owned by the Westfield Group .
Bina Etawa is a town and a municipality in Sagar district in the state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Scripps Mansion ( or Moulton Manor ) is a Tudor style mansion located in Lake Orion , Michigan .
KAWW ( 1370 AM , `` News Talk 1370 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Heber Springs , Arkansas , USA .
Kani Guz ( Persian : كاني گوز‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Gūz ; also known as Kānī Jowz ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tangal - e Mazar ( Persian : تنگل مزار‎ , also Romanized as Tangal - e Mazār and Tangal Mazār ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , Bala Velayat District , Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yerrachervu Palli or YC Palli is a small village located in Kadapa District of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Swany White Flour Mills was a small flour mill in Freeport , Minnesota , United States .
Czarna Buchta ( ˈt͡ʂarna ˈbuxta ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Palatine Church , also known as Palatine Evangelical Lutheran Church , is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church on Mohawk Turnpike in Palatine , Montgomery County , New York .
The Black Mallard River , also known as Carp Creek , is a short river in the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
The historic Hotel Boulderado is located at 13th and Spruce St. in downtown Boulder , Colorado .
Moholm is a locality situated in Töreboda Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 640 inhabitants in 2010 .
Barotac Nuevo ( Spanish for : New Barotac ) is a second - class municipality in the province of Iloilo , Philippines .
The National Railway Museum ( NRM ) is a museum in York forming part of the British Science Museum Group of National Museums and telling the story of rail transport in Britain and its impact on society .
Pottsville Area High School is a coeducational public high school located in Pottsville , Pennsylvania .
Gangneung is the economic centre of the Yeongdong region of Gangwon Province .
Celal Bayar University or ( CBÜ ) is a state university located in Manisa , Turkey .
Zirgar ( Persian : زيرگر‎ , also Romanized as Zīrgar ) is a village in Rostam - e Seh Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
St. Mary 's Seminary and University is a Roman Catholic seminary located within the Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore , Maryland ; it was the first seminary founded in the United States of America .
Machuelo Arriba is one of the 31 barrios of the municipality of Ponce , Puerto Rico .
It is divided between the two countries , the northern half ( 47 inhabitants in 1999 ) being part of the commune of Lucelle , Haut - Rhin , in the Haut - Rhin département , the southern half being part of Pleigne , in the Swiss Canton of Jura .
The Smith Mine disaster was the worst coal mining disaster in the State of Montana , and the 43rd worst in the United States , according to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ( NIOSH ) .
Katkajmy ( katˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Kattkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Delano Peak is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south - central Utah .
Budy Porajskie ( ˈbudɨ pɔˈrai̯skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Galleywood is a village surrounded by countryside in Essex , about 30 miles from London , and close to the city of Chelmsford .
Mian Margh ( Persian : ميان مرغ‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Margh and Mīān Morgh ; also known as Mīān Morkh and Miyān Markh ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Aragua State ( Spanish : Estado Aragua , IPA : ( esˈtaðo aˈɾaɣwa ) ) is located in the north - central region of Venezuela .
Luther Yard is a rail yard operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway in St. Louis , Missouri .
The Boundary County Courthouse ( also known as 001316 ) is a courthouse building located in Bonners Ferry , Idaho .
Birdholme is a suburb of the town of Chesterfield , Derbyshire , England .
Somerset Collection is an upscale , luxury , super - regional shopping mall , located in Metro Detroit , in Troy , Michigan with more than 180 specialty stores .
The Monon Trail ( known as the Monon Greenway in Carmel ) is a rail trail located entirely within the state of Indiana .
Patrick Arena was the main sports arena located in the Greater Victoria , British Columbia , area .
Ostrożnica ( ɔstrɔʐˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pileh Mahalleh ( Persian : پيله محله‎ , also Romanized as Pīleh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lembarg ( ˈlɛmbark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Henry Street Settlement is a not - for - profit social service agency in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City that provides social services , arts programs and health care services to New Yorkers of all ages .
Fatburen is a small lake in Tyresö Municipality , south - east of central Stockholm , Sweden .
Dulje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дуље , Albanian : Duhël / Duhla ) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo .
Kopalino ( kɔpaˈlinɔ ) ( German : Koppalin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bikar Atoll ( Marshallese : Pikaar , ( pʲi͡ɯɡɑːrˠ ) ) is an uninhabited atoll in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Laudańszczyzna ( laudaɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Thomas E. Hart House and Kalmia Gardens is a 30-acre ( 12 ha ) property in Hartsville , South Carolina , that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .
Zbęchy - Pole ( ˈzbɛ̃xɨ ˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Barton Villa , at 11245 Nevada St. in Redlands , California , is a historic Second Empire house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
General Burnside State Park is a park located just south of Somerset , Kentucky in Pulaski County .
The Gooseville Mill / Grist Mill is a historic mill on the North Branch Milwaukee River in Gooseville , Wisconsin .
Havre High School is a high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) in the small town of Havre , Hill County , Montana .
The Aberdeen City Hall is an historic governmental building located at 125 West Commerce Street , corner of South Hickory Street , in Aberdeen , Monroe County , Mississippi .
Russell Sage College ( often Russell Sage or RSC ) is a women 's college located in Troy , New York , approximately 150 miles ( 240 km ) north of New York City in the Capital District .
Kolonia Gałkowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Chelbardi ( Persian : چل بردي‎ , also Romanized as Chelbardī and Chelebardī ; also known as Chehel Bardeh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Białogóra ( bjawɔˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium ( Hangul : SK올림픽핸드볼경기장 ; hanja : SK奧林匹克手球運動場 ) is an indoor sporting arena located at the Olympic Park in Bangi - dong , Songpa - gu , Seoul South Korea .
Gol Sarak ( Persian : گلسرك‎ ; also known as Gol Sarak - e Sarāvān ) is a village in Saravan Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mitchell Park Horticultural Conservatory ( Mitchell Park Domes or The Domes ) is a conservatory located at Mitchell Park in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , U.S ..
Okunin ( ɔˈkunin ) ( German : Langmeil ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kalayeh Pahlu ( Persian : كلايه پهلو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāyeh Pahlū ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Castell - Rüdenhausen was a County in the region of Franconia in northern Bavaria of the Holy Roman Empire , ruled by a branch of the Counts of Castell .
Baixia District was a district of Jiangsu Province , People 's Republic of China , under the administration of Nanjing City .
The Autry Museum of the American West is a museum in Los Angeles , California , dedicated to exploring an inclusive history of the American West .
Poughkeepsie Meeting House ( Hooker Avenue ) is a historic Quaker ( Society of Friends ) meeting house at 249 Hooker Avenue in Poughkeepsie , New York .
Mount Cangyan ( Chinese : 苍岩山 ; pinyin : Cāngyán Shān ; literally : `` Green Cliff Mountain '' ) is a scenic area in Jingxing County , Hebei Province , China , famous for its combination of natural mountain scenery with historical man - made structures .
Appalachian Technical College was a technical college within the Technical College System of Georgia .
Ashland Regional Airport ( ICAO : KDWU , FAA LID : DWU ) is a public use airport in Worthington , Greenup County , Kentucky , owned by the Ashland Regional Airport Board .
Kemper Lakes Golf Club is a private country club located in Ela Township , Lake County , outside Kildeer , Illinois , a suburb northwest of Chicago .
Highland Park - Overlee Knolls , also known as Fostoria , is a national historic district located at Arlington County , Virginia .
Oberwesel station is on the West Rhine Railway ( German : Linke Rheinstrecke ) between Koblenz and Mainz in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the Upper Middle Rhine Valley in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The House at 47 Sargent Street in Newton , Massachusetts , is one of the city 's finest Stick style houses .
Lake Mishnock is a residential recreational lake in West Greenwich , Kent County , Rhode Island .
The Synagogue de Nazareth is situated on the Rue Notre - Dame - de - Nazareth , in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris , and is the oldest of the ' great ' synagogues of Paris .
Agnes Mountain is a dramatic , but relatively unknown , peak in the North Cascades of the US state of Washington .
Maziły ( maˈʑiwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kordali ( Persian : كردعلي‎ , also Romanized as Kordʿalī ; also known as Kordlū ) is a village in Hir Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Flatiron District ( also sometimes called the Triangle District ) in Oklahoma City is so named because several buildings in the district were built in a flatiron ( triangular ) architectural style due to Harrison Avenue diagonally intersecting the east - west and north - south streets of the district .
Congosto ( Spanish pronunciation : ( koŋˈɡosto ) ) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo ( province of León , Castile and León , Spain ) .
Halwill is a village in Devon , England just off the A3079 Okehampton to Holsworthy road .
The Old Capitol Building or The Castle , as it is locally known , is a building in Olympia , Washington .
The Western Headquarters of Russell , Majors , and Waddell was the San Francisco headquarters of the Pony Express , in which it housed at 601 Montgomery Street from 1860 to 1861 .
Qaheh ( Persian : قهه‎ , also Romanized as Qoheh ; also known as Kūheh ) is a village in Qombovan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Ciarka ( ˈt͡ɕarka ) ( German Schiorke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kul Gul ( Persian : كول گل‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Gūl ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Podwilk ( ˈpɔdvilk ) , ( Slovak : Podvlk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Gudun Gavabar ( Persian : گودين گوابر‎ , also Romanized as Gūdūn Gavābar ; also known as Godūn Gavābar ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kushuhum or Kushugum ( Ukrainian : Кушугум ) is an urban - type settlement in the Zaporizhia Raion ( district ) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine .
Mrsklesy ( German Nirklowitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Niskayuna Reformed Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at 3041 Troy - Schenectady Road in Niskayuna in Schenectady County , New York .
Southland Field ( ICAO : KUXL , FAA LID : UXL , formerly L75 ) is a public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) south of the central business district of Sulphur , a city in Calcasieu Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Hartshorn Memorial Cannon is a decommissioned American Civil War naval cannon that forms the centerpiece of the South Lyndeborough Village Common in Lyndeborough , New Hampshire .
Southsea is a seaside resort and geographic area , located in Portsmouth at the southern end of Portsea Island , Hampshire , England .
Shetow ( Persian : شطو‎ , also Romanized as Sheţow ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Obuladevaracheruvu is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Cham Gol ( Persian : چم گل‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Gol ) is a village in Bakesh - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chatham Street Row , also known as the Chatham Street Historic District , is a set of five historic buildings located at Nassau in Rensselaer County , New York .
Thittai or Thengudi Thittai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India . This village is known for its Vasishteswarar_Temple,--
Dongzhuosu ( simplified Chinese : 东卓宿 ; traditional Chinese : 東卓宿 ; pinyin : Dōngzhuōsù ) is a town under the administration of Jinzhou City in south - central Hebei province , China , located roughly equidistant from Jinzhou and Xinle .
Jatu ( Persian : جتو‎ , also Romanized as Jatū ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Podradwanie ( pɔdradˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Podilskyi District ( Ukrainian : Подільський район ) is an urban district of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Wola Młocka ( ˈvɔla ˈmwɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WPZR ( 102.7 FM , `` Praise 102.7 '' ) is an urban gospel formatted radio station licensed to Mount Clemens , Michigan , and serving the Detroit metropolitan area .
Stony Rapids is a northern hamlet in Northern Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Fort Des Moines Provisional Army Officer Training School was a military base and training facility on the south side of Des Moines , Iowa .
Oldenburg ( Oldb ) or simply Oldenburg ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɔldənbʊʁk ) ; Low German : Ollnborg ; Saterland Frisian : Ooldenbuurich ) is an independent city in the state of Lower Saxony , Germany .
WAUN - FM ( 92.7 FM , `` La Mas Grande '' ) is a Regional Mexican formatted radio station licensed to Kewaunee , Wisconsin , that serves the Green Bay area .
The New Acland Mine is located adjacent to Acland township , about 10 km north of Oakey on the Darling Downs in Queensland , Australia .
South Yuba River State Park is located along the South Fork of the Yuba River in the Sierra Nevada , within Nevada County , in Northern California .
Chalampé ( German : Eichwald ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France , just across the Rhein River from Neuenburg , Germany .
Mylavaram , Kadapa district is a village and a mandal in Kadapa district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Lilliput Glacier is the smallest named glacier in the Sierra Nevada of California .
Ali Shahr ( Persian : عالي شهر‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Shahr ; also known as ʿAlīshahr ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
USU Credit Union is a division of Goldenwest Credit Union , a federally chartered credit union based in Ogden , Utah , regulated under the authority of the NCUA .
Tiger Ranch Cat Sanctuary was a 27-acre ( 110,000 m2 ) cat sanctuary located in Frazer Township , Pennsylvania and operated by Linda Marie Bruno ( aka Lin Marie ) for 14 years .
Godman Army Airfield ( IATA : FTK , ICAO : KFTK , FAA LID : FTK ) is a military airport located on the Fort Knox United States Army post in Hardin County , Kentucky , United States .
Foinikaria ( Greek : Φοινικαρια ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located east of the Germasogeia Dam .
Muirkirk ( Eaglais an t - Sléibh in Gaelic ) is a small village in East Ayrshire , southwest Scotland .
Ytterby ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈʏtːərˌbyː ) ) is a village on the Swedish island of Resarö , in Vaxholm Municipality in the Stockholm archipelago .
Masłowo - Warszewo ( maˈswɔvɔ varˈʂɛvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Abbey of Sainte - Marie - des - Dames ( French : Abbaye aux Dames de Saintes ) was the first Benedictine abbey for women in Saintes in Charente - Maritime in France .
Southlands Boulevarde is a shopping centre located in Willetton , Western Australia , along Pinetree Gully Road and facing Willetton Senior High School .
Macreddin ( Irish : Maigh Chríodáin , meaning `` plain of Cridan '' ; formerly also Moycreedin ; formerly officially Carysfort , also Cariesfort ) , is a hamlet in County Wicklow , in the southern foothills of the Wicklow Mountains , 4 km north of Aughrim on the back road to Greenan .
Carpenters Workshop Gallery is a contemporary art and design gallery with branches in London , Paris and New York .
Agrico Chemical Co. is a Superfund site located in Pensacola , Florida .
Storth is a village near Arnside in Cumbria , England , situated near the border with Lancashire .
Blaenffos is a small village of around 200 inhabitants in the north of Pembrokeshire , Wales , in the community of Boncath .
Independence Plaza is a highrise office building located in downtown Midland , Texas .
Dali Chu ( Persian : داليچو‎ , also Romanized as Dālī Chū and Dalīchoo ; also known as Dā’ī Chū and Dālūchū ) is a village in Mehraban - e Sofla Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Kikin Hall ( Кикины палаты ) is one of the oldest buildings in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Fontignano is a frazione of the comune of Perugia , Italy , located near Lake Trasimeno .
Aland Rural District ( Persian : دهستان الند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Spring Hill Church , also known as Old Spring Hill and St. Paul 's Episcopal Church , was a historic Episcopal church located at Hebron , Wicomico County , Maryland .
Nockebybron ( Nockeby bridge ) is a 450 meter long swing bridge in Lake Mälaren between Kärsön in the Ekerö Municipality and Nockeby in Bromma , Stockholm .
Bonari ( Persian : بناري‎ , also Romanized as Bonārī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Damanjan ( Persian : دامن جان‎ , also Romanized as Dāmanjān and Dāmenjān ; also known as Damanyan and Dāmjān ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Morad Ali Kandi ( Persian : مرادعلي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Morād `` Alī Kandī ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 118 , in 25 families .
One Columbus Center is a 366 ft ( 112 m ) tall skyscraper located at 10 West Broad Street in Columbus , Ohio .
Cimowo ( t͡ɕiˈmɔvɔ ) ( German : Winterau ; until 1929 : Zymowo ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Berestyany ( Ukrainian : Берестяни , Polish : Brześciany ) is a village ( selo ) in Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
David Leedom Farm , also known as `` Pleasant Retreat , '' is a historic home and farm located at Newtown Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Carleton Rode is a village ( population 785 ) in Norfolk , England , situated approximately five miles south - east of Attleborough .
The Poncione Rosso is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , located in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Rainey Memorial Gates is a historic entrance gate located at the north side of the New York Zoological Park in The Bronx , New York , New York .
Brooklyn College Academy is a high school located in Brooklyn , New York City , New York in the New York City Department of Education .
Dudhwa Khara is a village in Churu district in Rajasthan , in northwest India , situated in the Thar Desert and 36 km north from Churu .
Elmshorn station is a railway station in Elmshorn in Schleswig - Holstein .
Pontarlier ( French : ( pɔ̃.taʁ.lje ) ; Latin : Ariolica ) is a commune and one of the two sub - prefectures of the Doubs department in the Franche - Comté region near the Swiss border in eastern France .
Her Majesty 's Theatre is a West End theatre situated on Haymarket in the City of Westminster , London .
Royal Bank Plaza in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , is the de facto headquarters of the Royal Bank of Canada .
Slocan Lake is a lake in the Slocan Valley of the West Kootenay region of the Southeastern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Mount Vernon Nazarene University ( MVNU ) is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Mount Vernon , Ohio , with satellite locations in the surrounding area .
St. Willibrord 's Abbey ( Dutch : Sint - Willibrordsabdij ) at Doetinchem in Gelderland is the most recently established Benedictine monastery in the Netherlands .
Bodney is a village in Norfolk , England , recorded in the Domesday Book as Bredenaia .
Sarjam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سرجام‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
William Ellis School is a United Kingdom secondary comprehensive school for boys in Highgate , London .
Ponciau ward has one of the largest populations ( 4,486 ) of Wrexham County Borough .
The Old Flagler County Courthouse is an historic two - story redbrick courthouse building located at 200 East Moody Boulevard in Bunnell , Florida .
Cheyenne Regional Airport ( IATA : CYS , ICAO : KCYS , FAA LID : CYS ) ( Jerry Olson Field ) is a civil - military airport a mile north of downtown Cheyenne , in Laramie County , Wyoming .
Barnisławice ( barniswaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Balbitzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lenishte ( Bulgarian : Ленище ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Wężownica ( vɛ̃ʐɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Granya is a town in northeastern Victoria , Australia on the Murray arm of Lake Hume in the Towong Shire local government area , 378 kilometres ( 235 mi ) northwest of the state capital , Melbourne .
Martadi is a town and seat of Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north - western Nepal .
Ocean Ridge Airport ( FAA LID : E55 , formerly Q69 ) is a privately owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Gualala , in Mendocino County , California , United States .
Rhu ( Gaelic : An Rubha ) is a village and historic parish on the east shore of the Gare Loch in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Gogunda is a small town and tehsil headquarters located about 35 km in north - west from Udaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Pinebank Mansion was a Queen Anne - style house sited on a hill overlooking Jamaica Pond in Boston , Massachusetts .
Michoacán , formally Michoacán de Ocampo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( mitʃoaˈkan de oˈkampo ) ) , officially Free and Sovereign State of Michoacán de Ocampo ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de Michoacán de Ocampo ) , is one of the 31 states which , with the Federal District , comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
The Bas - Saint - Laurent ( Lower Saint - Lawrence ) region is located along the south shore of the lower Saint Lawrence River in Quebec .
The Hillforest Mansion , also known as Thomas Gaff House , is located at 213 Fifth Street , in Aurora , Indiana .
Linganapalle ( also ' Lingana Palli ; Telugu : లింగనపల్లె ) is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Kehdolan ( Persian : كهدلان‎ , also Romanized as Kehdolān ) is a village in Sharabian Rural District , Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bear Garden Mountain is a forested mountain ridge of the Ridge - and - valley Appalachians in Hampshire County , West Virginia and Frederick County , Virginia .
Arans ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əˈɾans ) , locally : ( aˈɾans ) ) is a village in Andorra , located in the parish of Ordino in the north of the country .
Boccadasse ( Bocadâze in Genoese ) is an old mariners ' neighbourhood of the Italian city of Genoa .
The Château de Montgeoffroy is an 18th - century manor house located in the commune of Mazé ( Maine - et - Loire ) , France .
The Geneva Observatory ( French : Observatoire de Genève , German : Observatorium von Genf ) is an astronomical observatory at Sauverny ( CH ) in the municipality of Versoix , Canton of Geneva , in Switzerland .
Ur ( Sumerian : Urim ; Sumerian Cuneiform : 𒋀𒀕𒆠 URIM2KI or 𒋀𒀊𒆠 URIM5KI ; Akkadian : Uru ; Arabic : أور‎ ) was an important Sumerian city - state in ancient Mesopotamia , located at the site of modern Tell el - Muqayyar ( Arabic : تل المقير‎ ) in south Iraq 's Dhi Qar Governorate .
The Blind Beggar is a pub on Whitechapel Road , Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
The Amphithéâtre Anglais in Paris , also known as the Amphithéâtre d'Astley , was opened in 1782 by Philip Astley as the first purpose - built circus in France .
Kręcka Winnica ( ˈkrɛnt͡ska vinˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Winitze ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Emma Long Metropolitan Park is a large municipal park in northwest Austin , Texas ( United States ) .
Cliff Bell 's is a jazz club in Detroit , Michigan which is located at 2030 Park Ave . It originally opened in 1935 , and it is named after John Clifford Bell , an entrepreneur in Detroit in the 1930s .
The Village Links of Glen Ellyn is a public golf course located in Glen Ellyn , Illinois , a suburb of Chicago .
The old Allegheny County Jail in downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania is part of a complex ( along with the Allegheny County Courthouse ) designed by H. H. Richardson .
Maxstoke is a hamlet in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire , England .
The City of Randwick is a local government area in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Lower Salmon Falls are the lowest of a series of falls on the Snake River , about 5 miles downstream from Upper Salmon Falls , in between Gooding County and Twin Falls County , Idaho .
The Stikine - LeConte Wilderness is on the mainland of southeast Alaska , southeast of Petersburg and north of Wrangell , Alaska .
Brzezinów ( bʐɛˈʑinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bukvica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Буквица ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Proszkowo ( prɔʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Estadio Juan Demóstenes Arosemena is a 25,000 seats baseball field in Panama City , Panama .
Piperhill is a village , located four miles south of Nairn in Nairnshire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery is in Hanley , one of the six towns of Stoke - on - Trent in Staffordshire .
Balquhidder ( i / bælkˈhwɪdər/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Both Chuidir or Both Phuidir ( ˌpɔˈxutʲɪɾʲ ) ) is a small village in the Stirling council area of Scotland .
Yanahuanca District is one of eight districts of the Daniel Alcides Carrión Province in the mountains of central Peru .
Bęczkowice ( bɛnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Liberty Reservoir is a reservoir west of Baltimore , Maryland ; about a mile north of Patapsco Valley State Park 's McKeldin area .
Al 's Motors is a historic automobile dealership building located in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington , Virginia .
Stary Przylep ( ˈstarɨ ˈpʂɨlɛp ) ( German : Alt Prilipp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Starosiedlice ( starɔɕɛdˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lobb House is a private single - family house located at 203 West Onota Street in Munising , Michigan .
Rudziska Pasymskie ( ruˈd͡ʑiska paˈsɨmskʲɛ ) ( German : Waldheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cesária Évora Airport ( Portuguese Aeroporto Internacional Cesária Évora ) ( IATA : VXE , ICAO : GVSV ) is Cape Verde 's third most - used airport located in the island of São Vicente , located nearly 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) from the centre of Mindelo .
Löhnberg is a community north of Weilburg in Limburg - Weilburg district in Hesse , Germany .
KPUG ( 1170 AM ) is a sports radio station located and licensed in Bellingham , Washington , transmitting from an antenna located off Sunset Drive .
Qarnaveh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قرناوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarnāveh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qarnāveh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Golidagh Rural District , Golidagh District , Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sharaf Bag ( Persian : شرفبگ‎‎ , also known as Chīābol ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Vellore district is one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India . It is one of the 6 districts which form Tiruvannamalai region of Tamil Nadu . It is one of the biggest district in Tamil Nadu .
Mirocin Górny ( miˈrɔt͡ɕin ˈɡurnɨ ) ( formerly German Ober Herzogswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Wendell Phillips Academy High School is a public 4 - -year high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the south side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The Ellen Eccles Theatre was built in 1923 on Logan , Utah 's Main Street .
Rhodes Pharmacy is a historic pharmacy building located at Newark in New Castle County , Delaware .
WIUW ( 89.5 FM ) is a 10,600 watt radio station in Warsaw , Illinois , in western Illinois .
Ford Administration Building is a historic school located at Peekskill , Westchester County , New York .
Place de Wagram is a square in the 17th arrondissement of Paris , at the junction of Boulevard Malesherbes , Boulevard Pereire and Avenue de Wagram .
The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a prototypical grade crossing signal installed at a dangerous Illinois Central crossing on Mississippi Highway 7 ( now Mississippi Highway 332 ) in Grenada , Mississippi .
San Francisco Art Institute ( SFAI ) is a school of higher education in contemporary art with the main campus in the Russian Hill district of San Francisco , California .
Aneby Municipality ( Aneby kommun ) is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden , where the town Aneby is the seat .
The Pine Island State Forest is a Minnesota state forest located primarily in Koochiching County , although portions extend into Beltrami , Lake of the Woods , and Itasca counties .
Parishwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
Sulphur Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located in the central part of the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
The South Virgin Mountains are a smaller mountain range of the eastern Mojave Desert , in Clark County , southeastern Nevada .
Shannondale Springs Wildlife Management Area is located near Charles Town , West Virginia in Jefferson County .
TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm ( formerly TPC Avenel ) is a private golf club in Potomac , Maryland .
ChangePoint is a non - denominational Christian church in Anchorage Alaska in the USA .
Bathealton is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) west of Wellington and 8 miles ( 12.9 km ) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
The Olean Public Library is a historic beaux arts library located at 116 S. Union St. in Olean , Cattaraugus County , New York .
Chellanam is a village in the Kochi sub - district of Ernakulam District in the South Indian state of Kerala .
The Governor Henry Lippitt House is a historic house museum at 199 Hope Street on the East Side of Providence , Rhode Island .
Telegrafberget , Tyresö has the highest point in Tyresö Municipality , Sweden , 84 m ( 276 ft ) above sea level .
Edward F Johnson Airport ( FAA LID : M61 ) is a private - owned public - use airport located ten miles south of the central business district of Ishpeming , a city in Marquette County , Michigan , United States .
WEOA 1400 is an AM frequency licensed to and serving the Evansville , Indiana market .
Armour Square Park , also known as Armour Square or Park No . 3 , is a park in Chicago , Illinois featuring Beaux Arts architecture , designed by D.H. Burnham and the Olmsted Brothers .
Kent Institution is a Correctional Service of Canada ( CSC ) facility located in Agassiz , British Columbia .
Woodburn Circle , also known as W.V.U. Quadrangle , is part of the downtown campus of West Virginia University ; it 's located at Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Krężce ( ˈkrɛ̃ʂt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bałdoń ( ˈbau̯dɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie in Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Las Jaworski ( ˈlas jaˈvɔrski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bazar Deh ( Persian : بازارده‎ , also Romanized as Bāzār Deh ) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tarrywile Park is a large municipal park in the city of Danbury , Connecticut .
Putao Township ( Burmese : ပူတာအိုမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Putao District in the Kachin State of Burma .
Warmwell is a small village and civil parish in south west Dorset , England , situated on the B3390 road about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southeast of Dorchester .
Aitona is a town in the comarca of Segrià in Catalonia , Spain .
Neely Henry Lake is located on the Coosa River near Gadsden , Alabama .
Dr. James W. Hale House , also known as the Hale - Pendleton House , `` Temple Knob , '' and `` Temple Hill , '' is a historic home located at Princeton , Mercer County , West Virginia .
Heston Aerodrome was a 1930s airfield located to the west of London , UK , operational between 1929 and 1947 .
Churteh ( Persian : چورته‎ , also Romanized as Chūrteh ; also known as Choorti , Chortī , and Chūrdeh ) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kalachpa ( Persian : كلاچ پا‎ , also Romanized as Kalāchpā ; also known as Kalāj Pā ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Anar Rud Borzog ( Persian : اناررودبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Anār Rūd Borzog ; also known as Anār Rūd and Anārūd ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Iona Gaels are the athletics teams of Iona College , in New Rochelle , New York .
Dalalun ( Persian : دلالون‎ , also Romanized as Dalālūn ; also known as Dalālan , Delālān , and Delālon ) is a village in Tiab Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bourtange ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌbuːrˈtɑŋə ) ; Gronings : Boertang ) is a village with a population of 430 in the municipality of Vlagtwedde in the Netherlands .
Sarhalat ( Persian : سرهلت‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarḩalat and Sarḩallat ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kamieskroon is a small town in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality , lying in the foothills of the Kamiesberge at an elevation of approximately 800 m ( 2 600 ft ) .
Khavar - e Seyyed Khalaf ( Persian : خاورسيدخلف‎ , also Romanized as Khāvar - e Seyyed Khalaf ; also known as Khāvar ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Willard Bay is a man - made fresh water reservoir in the Great Salt Lake , in northern Utah .
Morningside Gardens refers to a private housing cooperative called Morningside Heights Housing Corporation ( MHHC ) in the borough of Manhattan , New York City .
Lake Aurora is a freshwater lake located in eastern Polk County , Florida .
Tazehabad - e Serias ( Persian : تازه ابادسرياس‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Serīās ) is a village in Mansur - e Aqai Rural District , Shahu District , Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chahar Gol Ali Mohammad ( Persian : چهارگل علي محمد‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Gol ʿAlī Moḩammad ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pwintbyu Township ( Burmese : ပွင့်ဖြူ မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Minbu District in the Magway Division of Myanmar .
Wilroads Gardens Airport or Wilroads Garden Airport ( FAA LID : 9K1 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) southeast of the central business district of Dodge City , in Ford County , Kansas , United States .
WTLI is a non - commercial , contemporary Christian FM radio station licensed to broadcast from Bear Creek Township and Boyne City , Michigan .
Izdebki - Wąsy ( izˈdɛpki ˈvɔ̃sɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Am Rothenbaum is the site of the main tennis court of the Hamburg Masters tournament , played in the Rotherbaum quarter of Hamburg , Germany .
Pliszczyn ( ˈpliʂt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Alamgirpur ( Hindi : अलाम्गिरपुर ) is an archaeological site of the Indus Valley Civilization that thrived along Yamuna River ( c. 3300 - -1300 BC ) from the Harappan - Bara period , located in Meerut district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Alangayam is a Town Panchayat in Vellore district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Wielodróż ( vjɛˈlɔdruʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Calgary Underground Film Festival ( CUFF ) is a film festival held annually in Calgary , Alberta , Canada for 7 days .
The Heritage Park Plaza , also known as Heritage Plaza or Heritage Park Overlook or Upper Heritage Park , in Fort Worth , Texas is a Modernist style park that was designed by Lawrence Halprin .
Anarom ( Persian : انارم‎ , also Romanized as Anārom ; also known as Anārūm ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Balıkesir Province ( Turkish : Balıkesir ili ) is a province in northwestern Turkey , having coastlines on both the Sea of Marmara and the Aegean .
Legana is a small township on the Tamar River in northern Tasmania , Australia .
Zrębin ( ˈzrɛmbin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Wabano River flows from north to south , in the Laurentian mountains in the territory of La Tuque , in Mauricie , the province of Quebec , in Canada .
Mull ( Gaelic : Muile pronounced ( ˈmulʲə ) ) is the second largest island of the Inner Hebrides ( after Skye ) , off the west coast of Scotland in the council area of Argyll and Bute .
The Oman Arena ( originally Jackson Coliseum ) is a 5,600-seat multi - purpose arena , in Jackson , Tennessee , USA .
Mohammad Qasemi ( Persian : محمدقاسمي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Qāsemī ; also known as Mohammad Ghasem ) is a village in Bala Deh Rural District , Beyram District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vilkij District ( Persian : بخش ویلکیج‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Khatab - e Sofla ( Persian : خطب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khaţab - e Soflá ; also known as Khaţab ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cemitério de São João Batista ( Saint John the Baptist 's Cemetery ) is a municipal necropolis originally owned and operated by the Santa Casa da Misericórdia do Rio de Janeiro ( Holy House of Mercy of Rio de Janeiro ) , and run , since August 2014 , by the private company Rio Pax .
The First American Cave is an archaeological and palentological site in downtown Nashville , Davidson County , Tennessee .
The West Enfield Dam , also known as the Stanford Dam , is a hydroelectric dam on the Penobscot River just above its confluence with the Piscataquis River between the towns of Enfield and Howland in Penobscot County , Maine .
Pełnatycze ( pɛu̯naˈtɨt͡ʂɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Повнатичі , Povnatychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Raniewo ( raˈɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hale House - Patterson Hotel is a historic building located near the town square in Watertown , Tennessee that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 .
Bamnera is a medium size village located in Sumerpur of Pali district , Rajasthan with total 203 families residing .
Charkas ( Persian : چركس‎ ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Muttenstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden .
Union Catholic Regional High School is a private accredited high school located in Scotch Plains , New Jersey .
The Xilin River ( Chinese : 锡林 ) of Inner Mongolia , China , is located in the middle latitudes .
Varzardab Bid ( Persian : ورزرداب بيد‎ , also Romanized as Varzardāb Bīd ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Murphy Oil USA refinery spill is a spill that resulted from the failure of a storage tank at the Murphy Oil USA refinery and spoiled the flood - waters following the levee breaks of Hurricane Katrina in residential areas of Chalmette- and Meraux , Louisiana .
Krzyżany ( kʂɨˈʐanɨ ) ( German : Krzysahnen ; 1927 - 45 : Steinwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Mayflower Curling Club , which was founded in 1905 , since 1962 has been located at 3000 Monaghan Drive in Nova Scotia 's Halifax Regional Municipality in Halifax .
Estadio Cristóbal Labra opened in the 1940s as Municipal Stadium , in Nueva Gerona on the Isla de la Juventud .
Punta Borinquen Light ( Faro de Punta Borinquen ) is a lighthouse located in the old Ramey Air Force Base in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico .
Brożówka ( brɔˈʐufka ) ( German Gansenstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Okefenokee Swamp is a shallow , 438,000-acre ( 1,770 km2 ) , peat - filled wetland straddling the Georgia--
Qulteh ( Persian : قولته‎ , also Romanized as Qūlteh ; also known as Qalteh ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Burgoyne Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located on southwestern Saltspring Island near Fulford Harbour and facing northwest to Sansum Narrows , which is the channel between Saltspring and Vancouver Island .
The Judge Building is a ten story edifice located at 110 Fifth Avenue ( Manhattan ) and 16th Street .
Kachusk ( Persian : كچوسك‎ , also Romanized as Kachūsk ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Gorenice ( ɡɔrɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The College at Southwestern is the fully accredited baccalaureate school at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth , Texas , United States .
Bar Avard Shodeh ( Persian : براوردشده‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āvard Shodeh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Almeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آلمه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Samalqan District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kessler Apartments in Kansas City , Missouri were built in 1925 .
Posht - e Taqehai Chahar Bisheh ( Persian : پشت طاقهاي چهاربيشه‎ , also Romanized as Posht - e Tāqehāī Chahār Bīsheh ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Maerua Mall is a shopping complex in Windhoek , Namibia .
Guardamiglio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southeast of Milan , about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southeast of Lodi , and 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of Piacenza .
VIT High School , or VHS , is a public four - year high school located at 1500 U.S. Hwy . 136 East near Table Grove , Illinois , a village in Fulton County , Illinois , in the Midwestern United States .
Kazlak ( Persian : كذلك‎ , also Romanized as Kaz̄lak ; also known as Gaznak ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Belmore Park is a public park at the southern end of the Sydney CBD in the Australian state of New South Wales .
Pinal Airpark ( IATA : MZJ , ICAO : KMZJ , FAA LID : MZJ ) is a county - owned , public - use airport located seven nautical miles ( 13 km ) northwest of the central business district of Marana , in Pinal County , Arizona , United States .
Chaminade University of Honolulu is a private co - educational university in Honolulu , Hawaii , United States .
Beaverhead Rock , also known as Point of Rocks , is a rock formation in Montana .
The Tualatin Valley is a farming and suburban region southwest of Portland , Oregon in the United States .
Yanshui District ( Chinese : 鹽水區 ; pinyin : Yánshuǐ Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Kiâm - chúi - khu ; literally : `` salt - water town '' ) is a district in Tainan , Taiwan , which is famous for its notoriously dangerous fireworks festival .
Harzhis ( Armenian : Հարժիս , also Romanized as Harjis ) , is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
The Seligman Commercial Historic District is a historic district in central Seligman , Yavapai County , northwestern Arizona .
Wanluan Township ( Chinese : 萬巒鄉 ; pinyin : Wànluán Xiāng ) is a rural township in Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Ustyluh ( Ukrainian : Устилуг , Polish : Uściług , Yiddish : אוסטילע ) is a town in Volodymyr - Volynskyi Raion , Volyn Oblast , Ukraine .
The Gurindji strike ( or Wave Hill Walk - Off ) was a walk - off and strike by 200 Gurindji stockmen , house servants and their families in August 1966 at Wave Hill cattle station in Kalkarindji ( formerly known as Wave Hill ) , Northern Territory .
Auchbreck ( Scottish Gaelic : An t - Achadh Breac ) is a village in Moray , Scotland .
The MTS Iceplex and Hockey Canada Centre of Excellence is an ice hockey facility located in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Kamunting ( Malay pronunciation : /Kemunting/ ) is the biggest satellite town in Taiping 's Larut , Matang dan Selama district , Perak , Malaysia .
Kokhanok Airport ( IATA : KNK , ICAO : PFKK , FAA LID : 9K2 ) is a state - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Kokhanok , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Browns River Covered Bridge , also called the Westford Covered Bridge , is a covered bridge that crosses Browns River off State Route 128 in Westford , Vermont .
Fischelbach is a town subdivision of Bad Laasphe in the Siegen - Wittgenstein district in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany with 850 inhabitants .
KTRS - FM is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station in Casper , Wyoming branded as 104.7 Kiss FM owned by Townsquare Media .
Pismo State Beach is a beach on the Pacific coast of California .
Madar - e - Soleyman Rural District ( Persian : Dehestān e Mādar e Soleymān -- دهستان مادر سليمان‎‎ ) is a rural district in Hakhamanish District , Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Lady Evelyn River is a river in Nipissing , Sudbury and Timiskaming Districts , Ontario , Canada .
Union Plaza is a skyscraper in northwest Oklahoma City 's business district .
Sarhangabad ( Persian : سرهنگ آباد‎ , also Romanized as Sarhangābād ; also known as Sarangābād , Sarhangcheh , and Saringābād ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kuźnica Wąsowska ( kuʑˈnit͡sa vɔ̃ˈsɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Security Bank Ballpark ( formerly First American Bank Ballpark and Citibank Ballpark ) is a ballpark in Midland , Texas .
Zamin Bon ( Persian : زمين بن‎ , also Romanized as Zamīn Bon ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rówek ( ˈruvɛk ) ( German : Rowe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Grabowe Pole ( ɡraˈbɔvɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) ( German : Grebinerfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Richard Sparrow House is a historic house at 42 Summer Street in Plymouth , Massachusetts and the oldest surviving house in Plymouth .
Shenayez ( Persian : شنايز‎ , also Romanized as Shenāyez ; also known as Shenā’ez and Shenā’īz ) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District , Mahmeleh District , Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Nizhnekamsky District ( Russian : Нижнека́мский райо́н ; Tatar Cyrillic : Түбән Кама районы , Latin : Tübən Kama rayonı ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Naylor Gardens is a small neighborhood located in southeast Washington , D.C. It is bounded by Alabama Avenue SE , 30th Street SE , Erie Street SE , 32nd Street SE , Gainesville Street SE , 31st Street SE , and Naylor Road SE .
The River Alde is a river in Suffolk , England passing by Snape and Aldeburgh .
Saint Anthony Cathedral Basilica in Beaumont , Texas is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Beaumont .
Karaçoban , ( Kurdish : Qereçoban ) , is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Washington State Park is a Missouri state park in the central eastern part of the state located on Highway 21 about 14 miles ( 23 km ) northeast of Potosi on the eastern edge of the Ozarks .
Hamdollahabad ( Persian : حمداله اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamdollāhābād ) is a village in Savalan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Krugłe ( ˈkruɡwɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Łopacin ( wɔˈpat͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mount Daniel is the highest summit on the Cascade Range crest of Alpine Lakes Wilderness of the central Washington , USA .
Czarnolas - Kolonia ( t͡ʂarˈnɔlas kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Robert Treat Paine Estate , known as Stonehurst , is a country house set on 109 acres ( 44 ha ) in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Šilalė District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Šilalės rajono savivaldybė ) is a municipality in Tauragė County , Lithuania .
The Kidston Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Kidston Island , located in the Bras d'Or lakes , in Baddeck , Nova Scotia .
KCEA is a Big Band , Swing and Adult Standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Atherton , California , serving the San Francisco Peninsula .
The Mikulich General Store is a commercial building located at the junction of County Roads 1 and 44 in Limestone Township , Traunik , Michigan .
Qelateh ( Persian : قلاته‎ , also Romanized as Qelāteh ) is a village in Khezel - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Eddystone Building is a former hotel located in Midtown Detroit , Michigan at 100 - 118 Sproat Street .
Chałupki Łaziskie ( xaˈwupki waˈʑiskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Abbey St Bathans is a community in Berwickshire in the eastern part of the Scottish Borders .
Alwoodley is a civil parish and suburb of Leeds in West Yorkshire , England .
The Hersey Farms Historic District of Andover , New Hampshire , includes two farmsteads belonging to members of the Hersey family , located on the Franklin Highway ( New Hampshire Route 11 ) in eastern Andover .
Akkan Wali ( also spelled as Akkanwali or Akanwali ) is village in the Mansa district of Indian Punjab .
Obulareddypeta ( or Obul Reddy Peta ) is a village in a Chapadu mandal in Kadapa district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Bridegroom 's Oak ( German : Bräutigamseiche ) is an oak tree in the Dodauer Forst forest near Eutin in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Baxter State Park is a large wilderness area permanently preserved as a state park , located in Piscataquis County in north - central Maine .
Wólka Baranowska ( ˈvulka baraˈnɔfska ) ( German : Bieberstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Surpala is situated on the lap of Vindhya Ranges in Khargone District of Madhya Pradesh .
Chapel Point State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located on the Port Tobacco River , a tributary of the Potomac , in Charles County .
Posht Khan ( Persian : پشت خان‎ , also Romanized as Posht Khān ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Qarna ( Persian : قارنا‎ , also Romanized as Qārnā ; also known as Karna and Qārneh ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Victor Cullen School Power House is a historic power house building located at Sabillasville , Frederick County , Maryland .
Almiserà ( Catalan pronunciation : ( aɫmizeˈɾa ) , Spanish : Almiserat ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Huta Podłysica ( ˈxuta pɔdwɨˈɕit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Seibert Stadium is a 6,700-seat multi - purpose stadium in Homewood , Alabama .
Cook Blacksmith Shop is a former blacksmith shop in Ponca , Nebraska , United States that today is a museum .
Wólka Bosowska ( ˈvulka bɔˈsɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Nowy Konik ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Barczew ( ˈbart͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Panama Canal Museum ( Spanish : Museo del Canal Interoceánico de Panamá ) is a non - profit and public museum located in Panama City , Panama .
Agronomía is a barrio or district in the centre part of Buenos Aires city , Argentina .
Molehill Green is geographically located in Essex but its former postal county is Hertfordshire .
Vriescheloo ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvrisəˌloʊ̯ ) ) is a village in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands .
Pishgaman ( Persian : پيشگمان‎ , also Romanized as Pīshgamān ; also known as Pamish , Pāynīsh , and Peshgomān ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Jonubi Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Bentley Hotel , usually known as the Hotel Bentley , is a classic Renaissance - stylel hotel located near City Hall in downtown Alexandria in central Louisiana .
Shek Kong ( Chinese : 石崗 ; literal meaning `` Rock Hillock '' ) is an area north of Tai Mo Shan , located near Kam Tin and Pat Heung , New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Denison Canal is a man made canal located at Dunalley in southern Tasmania , Australia .
The Søo , also known as the Søa , is a river in the municipality of Hemne in Sør - Trøndelag County , Norway .
Multul ( Persian : مولتول‎ , also Romanized as Mūltūl ) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
Garner Field ( IATA : UVA , ICAO : KUVA , FAA LID : UVA ) is an airport in Uvalde County , Texas , three miles east of the city of Uvalde , which owns it .
Purandarpur is a village in West Bengal , India , between Suri and Bolpur .
Abdollah Masud - e Olya ( Persian : عبداله مسعودعليا‎ , also Romanized as `` Abdollāh Mas``ūd - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Central District , Avaj County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 149 , in 32 families .
Fort Snelling , originally known as Fort Saint Anthony , was a military fortification located at the confluence of Minnesota and Mississippi Rivers in Hennepin County , Minnesota .
Kanab Municipal Airport ( IATA : KNB , ICAO : KKNB , FAA LID : KNB ) is in Kane County , Utah , two miles south of the city of Kanab , which owns it .
Lambidou is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali .
St. James Town ( sometimes misspelled St. Jamestown ) is a neighbourhood of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Whittlewood Forest is a former medieval hunting forest in the south of the county of Northamptonshire in England .
Citadel Mall , one of the largest shopping malls in the state , is a regional 1,138,527 square feet ( 105,773 m2 ) shopping mall located in Charleston , South Carolina , USA .
Lake Talquin is a reservoir located on the Ochlockonee River between Leon County and Gadsden County in north Florida .
Săcele ( Romanian pronunciation : ( səˈt͡ʃele ) ; German : Siebendörfer ; Hungarian : Szecseleváros or Négyfalu ) is a city in Braşov County , Romania , in the region of Transylvania , with a population of 29,915 inhabitants in 2002 .
The Cotton Exchange of Wilmington , North Carolina is a shopping complex consisting of over eight historical buildings dating back to the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Żeleźnikowa Wielka ( ʐɛlɛʑɲiˈkɔva ˈvʲɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nawojowa , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Starzawa ( staˈʐava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Marken ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɑrkən ) ; Marken 's dialect : Mereke ) is a village with a population of 1,810 in the municipality of Waterland in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands .
KNSI ( 1450 AM/103.3 FM ) is a commercial radio station based in St. Cloud , Minnesota .
Parc du Mont - Comi is an outdoor recreation center situated in St - Donat - de - Rimouski in the Bas - St - Laurent region of Quebec .
Killoe ( Cill Eo in Irish ) is a parish in County Longford , Ireland .
Fitzroy Provincial Park is a provincial park on the Ottawa River , Ontario designated as recreational - class by Ontario Parks .
Karlsruhe ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkaɐ̯lsˌʁuːə ) ; formerly Carlsruhe ) is the second - largest city in the state of Baden - Württemberg , in southwest Germany , near the Franco - German border .
Somasso is a town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
The Pioneer Mothers Memorial Cabin Museum is located six miles from St. Paul , Oregon , United States within the Champoeg State Heritage Area .
Sarab - e Noql ( Persian : سرابنقل‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Noql ) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District , Sarab Bagh District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Ramonchamp is a large commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
The Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre is a performing arts venue located in the Cumberland / Galleria edge city , just northwest of Atlanta , Georgia .
Silay , officially City of Silay , is a third class city in the province of Negros Occidental , Philippines .
Gholam Mohammad Bazar ( Persian : غلام محمد بازار‎ , also Romanized as Gholām Moḩammad Bāzār ; also known as Moḩammad and Muhammad ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chizandan ( Persian : چيزندان‎ , also Romanized as Chīzandān ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kulczyn - Kolonia ( ˈkult͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KQID - FM ( 93.1 FM , `` Q93 '' ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station licensed to Alexandria , Louisiana .
Soghan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صوغان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Arzuiyeh District , Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Međimurje County ( pronounced ( med͡ʑîːmuːrje ) ; Croatian : Međimurska županija , Kajkavian : Medžimurje ; German : Murinsel ; Hungarian : Muraköz megye ) , is a triangle - shaped county in the northernmost part of Croatia , roughly corresponding to the historical and geographical region of Međimurje .
Qadamgah ( Persian : قدمگاه‎ , also Romanized as Qadamgāh ) is a city in Zeberkhan District , in Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Matinecock Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Piping Rock and Duck Pond Roads in Locust Valley , Nassau County , New York .
Fort Washington Way is an approximately 0.9-mile - long ( 1.4 km ) section of freeway in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
The P. Sue Beckwith , M.D. , Boathouse , or simply Beckwith Boathouse , is an athletic facility at the University of Iowa .
The Pedralbes Circuit was a 6.316 km ( 3.925-mi ) street racing course in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Baranzate , formerly a frazione of the commune of Bollate , is a commune ( i.e. a municipality or comune ) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy .
Nedumkunnam is a village in Kerala , India , located about 16 km East of Changanacherry on Changanacherry - Manimala Road , in Kottayam district .
Penn State Shenango is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University , located on a 14-acre ( 57,000 m2 ) campus in downtown Sharon , Pennsylvania .
The Hyland Highway ( formerly the Hyland Way ) is a road connecting the towns of Traralgon and Yarram in the Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Krasnodęby - Kasmy ( krasnɔˈdɛmbɨ ˈkasmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Santee Cooper Regional Airport ( ICAO : KMNI , FAA LID : MNI ) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles ( 13 km ) south of the central business district of Manning , a city in Clarendon County , South Carolina , United States .
Santon railway station is a request stop near Newtown in the parish of Santon , Isle of Man ; it forms part of the sole remaining line of the Isle of Man Railway which once encompassed over 46 miles of network and retains its original station building .
Fort Proctor is a ruined 19th century fort in St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , USA .
Święcany ( ɕfjɛnˈt͡sanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sheykhlan - e Sofla ( Persian : شيخلان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhlān - e Soflá ; also known as Sheykhlān - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Astana ( /əsˈtɑːnə/ , US /æsˈtɑːnə/ ; Kazakh : Астана ( astaˈna ) ) is the capital of Kazakhstan .
Euxinograd ( Bulgarian : Евксиноград ( ɛfˈksinoɡrat ) , also transliterated as Evksinograd ) is a late 19th - century Bulgarian former royal summer palace and park on the Black Sea coast , 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) north of downtown Varna .
Chyżne ( ˈxɨʐnɛ ) , ( Slovak : Chyžné ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Burras is a village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , approximately five miles ( 8 km ) south of Redruth on the B3297 road .
Yeniçağa is a town and a district of Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey , 38 km from the town of Bolu , on the highway from Istanbul to Ankara .
Delta Downs Racetrack , Casino and Hotel is an American thoroughbred and quarter horse racetrack in Calcasieu Parish , near Vinton , Louisiana in the southwest portion of the state .
The Tucson Convention Center ( previously named the Tucson Community Center ) is a large multi - purpose convention center located in downtown Tucson , Arizona .
The Mark Hellinger Theatre is a former Broadway theatre and cinema complex , located at 237 West 51st Street in midtown Manhattan , New York City .
The Parson Capen House is a historic house in Topsfield , Massachusetts that was built in the late 17th century .
Frank H. Peterson Academies of Technology is a public , magnet high school located in Jacksonville , Florida .
Merkhah As Sufla District is a district of the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen .
Kish Olya ( Persian : کيش بزنويد‎ , also Romanized as Kīsh ʿOlyā ) ; also known as Kish Bazanvid ( Persian : کيش عليا ) , also Romanized as Kīsh Bazanvīd ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Aimwell Baptist Church is a historic African American church in Mobile , Alabama .
Boruchowo ( bɔruˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Elbląg County ( Polish : powiat elbląski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
Yellowstone Regional Airport ( IATA : COD , ICAO : KCOD , FAA LID : COD ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southeast of the central business district of Cody , a city in Park County , Wyoming , United States .
Shellow Bowells ( or occasionally misspelt as Shellow Bowels ) is a village and former civil parish in the Epping Forest District of Essex , England .
NYC Resistor is a hackerspace in New York , inspired by Chaos Computer Club and other hacker organizations .
Lake Barrine is a freshwater lake situated on the eastern parts of Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland , Australia , close to Lake Eacham .
Heslington Hall is a grade II * listed rebuilt manor house near the village of Heslington , North Yorkshire , England , within the city of York .
Ampani is a town in Kalahandi district , Odisha , India and this G.P.(Gram Panchayat ) comes under Kokasara tehsil . It is 15 km away from its main town and Block(panchayat samiti ) Kokasara .
Garndolbenmaen , known colloquially as Garn , is a village in the county of Gwynedd , Wales .
Bięcino ( bjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German Benzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Veerangkuppam is a small village in Ambur Taluk , part of the Vellore District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu .
Great Leighs is a village in Essex , England , halfway between Chelmsford and Braintree .
It is also the center of the Al - Ziyarah Nahiyah ( `` subdistrict '' ) , part of the Al - Suqaylabiyah District , consisting of 25 localities and with a combined population of 38,872 in 2004 .
Estádio Eládio de Barros Carvalho , also known as Estádio dos Aflitos , is a football ( soccer ) stadium located in Recife , Brazil .
Qareh Bater ( Persian : قره باطر‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Bāţer ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Overlangbroek is a hamlet in the town of Wijk bij Duurstede .
The Frank J. Baker House is a Prairie School style house located at 507 Lake Avenue in Wilmette , Illinois .
The Tobacco Factory is the last remaining part of the old Wills Tobacco site on Raleigh Road , Southville , Bristol .
Governor 's Inn is a historic inn at Maumee , Ohio , United States .
Gomorgan ( Persian : گمرگان‎ , also Romanized as Gomorgān , Gomorkān , Gomargān , Gomarkān , Gomrokān , and Gūmargan ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Bailiffgate Museum is a small independent museum in Alnwick , Northumberland , England , dedicated to the history of Alnwick and North Northumberland .
Farm to Market Road 159 , or FM 159 , is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from SH 105 , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southwest of Navasota , northward to SH 6 , 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) north of Millican .
Anbar Olum ( Persian : انبارآلوم‎ ) , also Romanized as Anbār Olūm and Anbār Olom ) is a city in and capital of Voshmgir District , in Aqqala County , Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
The Ypsilanti Water Tower is a historic water tower in Ypsilanti , Michigan , United States .
Werpol ( ˈvɛrpɔl ) ( Ukrainian : Верпіль , Verpil '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Kea Monastery was a monastery at Kea in Cornwall , UK , of which little is known .
Tubberclare or Tubberclair ( Irish : Tobar Chláir ) is a place in County Westmeath , Ireland , between Ballymahon and Athlone .
The Château de Laly is a château or manor - house in Le Montet in the Allier départment in the Auvergne Region of France .
Pahaska Tepee is William `` Buffalo Bill '' Cody 's old hunting lodge and hotel in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Sulakan ( Persian : سولاكان‎ , also Romanized as Sūlākān ; also known as Sūleh Kān and Sūlehkān ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Muscatine Arboretum ( 15 acres ) is an arboretum in Muscatine , Iowa , adjacent to the Muscatine Environmental Learning Center at 3300 Cedar Street .
Mughalsarai is a city and a municipal board in the Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh .
Evergreen Point is the westernmost of a group of three small peninsulas on the east side of Lake Washington , King County , Washington .
Aldine Ninth Grade School is a public secondary school located in the Greenspoint district of northern Houston , Texas , United States .
Przybkówko ( pʂɨpˈkufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Mahoosuc Range , a northern extension of the White Mountains , straddles the border between New Hampshire and Maine .
The Main Deli Steak House , also known simply as Main Deli is a delicatessen and steakhouse located in Montreal , Quebec .
Beth HaMedrosh Hagodol - Beth Joseph , known locally as BMH - BJ or simply BMH , and since 2012 also known as The Denver Synagogue , is a Modern Orthodox , Zionist synagogue in Denver , Colorado .
The Saline Range is a mountain range in Inyo County , California , within Death Valley National Park .
The Edward S. Barrows House ( sic ) is located just north of downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
The Bishop 's Tower ( German : Bischofsturm ) , or Bishop 's Castle ( Bischofsburg ) , is an archaeological site in the historic city center of Hamburg , Germany , containing the oldest known remains of a stone building in the city .
The Ridgeway Hotel Historic District encompasses three buildings located just east of the town square of Monticello , Arkansas .
The Knox Memorial Bridge crosses the Intracoastal Waterway north of Ormond Beach , Florida .
Sangroli is a village under Panchayat samiti in Kaithal district in the Indian state of Haryana .
Zavosht ( Persian : زاوشت‎ , also Romanized as Zāvosht ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ebenezer Baptist Churches are two Baptist churches in Loudoun County , Virginia , the `` Old Ebenzer Church , '' built before 1769 , and the `` New Ebenezer Church , '' built about 1855 .
Thikariya is a small village in Rajasthan , located on NH-11 10KM from , RINGUS sikar , Rajasthan India .
Rockridge Market Hall is a market hall in Rockridge , part of Oakland , California that contains nine stores including a caterer , a pasta shop , a flower shop , a winery , a produce shop , a coffee shop , a fish shop , a butcher shop and a bakery .
Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road ( Chinese : 青衣鄉事會路 ; Cantonese Yale : ching1 yi1 heung1 si6 wui2 lou6 ) is one of the oldest roads on the Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong .
9200 Sunset ( formerly Luckman Plaza ) is a commercial office building at 9200 and 9220 Sunset Boulevard at the west end of the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood , California .
Hasheneh ( Persian : حشنه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasheneh ) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pir Javar ( Persian : پيرجوار‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Javār ; also known as Pīr Javād ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Alfred Street Baptist Church was founded in 1818 in Alexandria , Virginia , USA and located in the city 's oldest African American neighborhood , the Bottoms .
Tarnówczyn ( tarˈnuft͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Tarnowker Busch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Budaun district ( Hindi : बदायूँ जिला ) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India , and Budaun town is the district headquarters .
The Musée gruérien is a museum dedicated to the ethnography and history of the Gruyère District of the Canton of Fribourg , Switzerland .
Karkarook Park is a metropolitan park in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Dean Cemetery is a historically important Victorian cemetery north of the Dean Village , west of Edinburgh city centre , in Scotland .
Przywilcz ( ˈpʂɨvilt͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Grand Targhee Resort is a ski resort in the western United States , located in the Caribou - Targhee National Forest in Wyoming , near Alta .
Malusan ( Persian : ملوسان‎ , also Romanized as Malūsān ; also known as Malhūsān , Malīsar , and Mīsar ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Pallom or Pallam is a small village in the Kottayam district of Kerala state , south India .
Kolonia Kurowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa kurɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Monjvek ( Persian : منجوك‎ ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pachapoika or Pachapoyika is a place in Vengad village , Kannur district , Kerala , India .
Chelari or Tenhipalam ( also spelt Thenhipalam ) is a panchayat in Tirurangadi Taluk in Malappuram district of Kerala in India .
Vitruvian Park is a billion dollar multi - family , retail and commercial development in Addison , Texas .
Klukowszczyzna ( klukɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Richmond Field ( FAA LID : 69 G ) is a privately owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Gregory , a city in Livingston County , Michigan , United States .
The Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument is a national monument located in Teller County , Colorado .
Sucha Huta ( ˈsuxa ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The War Between the States Museum , in Florence , South Carolina , USA was founded in 1988 by members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans .
Budomierz ( buˈdɔmʲɛʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Будомир , Budomyr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Whitehill Secondary School ( formerly Whitehill Senior Secondary School ) is a Scottish non - denominational comprehensive secondary school located in the suburb of Dennistoun in Glasgow .
KGBB ( 103.9 FM , `` Bob FM '' ) is a radio station licensed to Edwards , California , broadcasting to the Antelope Valley area on 103.9 MHz FM .
Misje is an island ( and village ) in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Trafalgar Square ( /ˌtrəˈfælɡər/ trə - FAL - gər ) is a public square in the City of Westminster , Central London , built around the area formerly known as Charing Cross .
Samson Fried Estate , also known as `` Birch Hill , '' is a historic estate located at Severance in Essex County , New York .
Blake End is a hamlet on the B1256 road , located in between the towns of Braintree and Great Dunmow , in the county of Essex , England .
Stony Creek Metropark is a Huron - Clinton Metropark located in northern southeast Michigan ( predominantly in Washington Township , MI and Rochester / Oakland , MI , with a small portion in Shelby Township , MI ) .
Pacific Raceways is a mixed - use road racing and drag racing facility near Kent , Washington .
Nowmandan ( Persian : نومندان‎ , also Romanized as Nowmandān ; also known as Namandan ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ostrężnik ( ɔstˈɛʲjnit͡s ) is a small Polish settlement in Gmina Niegowa near Trzebniów in Silesian Voivodeship , northwestern corner of Lesser Poland .
The Shanghai Art Museum building is located on the south side of Nanjing Road ( West ) .
The North Conway 5 and 10 Cent Store ( also known as North Conway 5 cent to $ 1.00 Store ) is a historic general store at 2683 Main Street in North Conway , New Hampshire .
Yeşilli ( ) is a district of Mardin Province of Turkey .
St. Cornelia 's Episcopal Church is a historic church on the Lower Sioux Indian Reservation near Morton , Minnesota , United States .
Łaskarzew ( wasˈkaʐɛf ) is a town in Garwolin County ( 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from Garwolin ) , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,948 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
WHMH - FM ( 101.7 FM ) `` Rockin ' 101 '' is a radio station in St. Cloud , Minnesota , broadcasting an album - oriented rock ( AOR ) format .
Aşıklı Höyük is located in an area covered by the volcanic tuff of central Cappadocia , in Aksaray Province .
Deh - e Mohammad Mortazavi ( Persian : ده محمدمرتضوي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Moḩammad Mortaz̤avī ) is a village in Ferdows Rural District , Ferdows District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gabrielsen Natatorium is a swimming and diving facility at the University of Georgia ( UGA ) in Athens , Georgia , U.S.A. The natatorium is home to the university 's varsity swimming and diving programs and seats almost 2,000 spectators .
Boneh - ye Nafal ( Persian : بنه نفل‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Nafal ; also known as Nafal ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tennevoll or Tennevollen is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Lavangen in Troms county , Norway , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) straight east of the city of Harstad .
Macumba River also once known as Treuer River is an ephemeral freshwater stream in the far north of South Australia .
Jambusagaranagara Dadhigrama ( Vidarbha ) Nandigrama ( Maharashtra ) Parthapura ( Maharashtra ) Golagrama ( Maharashtra ) Kerala
Tampureh - ye Ruisheyd ( Persian : تمپوره رويشيد‎ , also Romanized as Tampūreh - ye Rūīsheyd ; also known as Dambar Rū’shīd and Tambūdorūsheyd ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Terpersie Castle is a 16th - century tower house in Tullynessle , Aberdeenshire , Scotland , located 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) north - west of Alford .
Vellappallam is a village located between Velankanni and Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Montgomery Canal ( Welsh : Camlas Trefaldwyn ) , known colloquially as `` The Monty '' , is a partially restored canal in Powys , in eastern Wales , and in northwest Shropshire , in western England .
The Church of Santi Domenico e Sisto ( Saints Dominic and Sixtus ) is one of the titular churches in Rome , Italy in the care of the Roman Catholic Order of Preachers , better known as the Dominicans .
The John Colahan Griffin Nature Reserve is a 96 ha conservation reserve in north - central Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Bellabeg ( an anglicisation of Scottish Gaelic : Am Baile Beag , ' the small farmtown ' ) is a small roadside settlement in Strathdon , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Šťáhlavy is a village in Plzeň - City District , 14 km south - east from Plzeň .
New London Union Station is a historic regional rail station located in New London , Connecticut , United States .
Bad Schwalbach ( called Langenschwalbach until 1927 ) is the district seat of Rheingau - Taunus - Kreis , in Hesse , Germany .
Alvan - e Moslem ( Persian : علوان مسلم‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlvān - e Moslem ) is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Poggio Rusco is a small town and comune in the Province of Mantua , whose inhabitants number 6,641 as of January 1 , 2015 .
The Teddy Bear Museum of Naples was a visitor attraction located in north Naples , Florida , USA .
Kingskettle or simply Kettle is a small village and parish in Fife , Scotland .
Belmont City College ( known as Belmont Senior High School until 2000 ) is a comprehensive public high school located in Belmont , 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) east of Perth , Western Australia .
Pabarsa is a small village in Daurala nagar panchayat in Meerut district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Gavliq ( Persian : گاوليق‎ , also Romanized as Gāvlīq ) is a village in Tirchai Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pampanga or Pampaŋga ( PSGC : 035400000 ; ISO : PH - PAM ; ) is a province in the Central Luzon region of the Philippines .
841 North Lincoln Avenue in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1878 .
Homrian ( Persian : حمريان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩomrīān and Ḩomreyān ; also known as Hamziyan ) is a village in Pol - e Doab Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Będzieszewo ( bɛnd͡ʑɛˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Bandesow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Phooli ( Hindi : फुली),village is located between Dildarnagar and Zamania in Ghazipur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Vineland Senior High School North is a public high school located in Vineland , in Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States , as part of the Vineland Public Schools .
Qareh Aqajlu ( Persian : قره آقاجلو‎ , also Romanized as Qareh Āghājlū , Qarah Āghājlū , and Qareh Āqājl’ū ; also known as Kara - Agach , Qara Aghāch , Qareh Āqāch , and Qareh Āqāchlū ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Anoritooq ( old spelling : Anoritôq ) is a nunatak ( Greenlandic : nunataq ) in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Marais des Cygnes National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) is located 39 miles ( 63 km ) south of the Kansas City metropolitan area , along the Marais des Cygnes River in Linn County .
Velòdrom d'Horta is a velodrome located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Katiu , or Taungataki , is an atoll of the central Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia .
Hashbai or Tell Hashbai is an archaeological site on the west of the Beqaa Valley in Lebanon .
Bon Honi ( Persian : بن هنی‎ , also Romanized as Bon Honī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Berwick Bassett is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) northwest of Marlborough and 8 miles ( 13 km ) southwest of Swindon .
WISX ( `` Mix 106 '' ) is a Hot adult contemporary ( Hot AC ) radio station licensed to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and owned by iHeartMedia .
The former 12th - century Crusader Church of St. James Intercisus has been transformed into a mosque after the fall of Crusader Jerusalem .
The Roma Historic District in Roma , Texas preserves an intact example of a border town in the lower Rio Grande valley .
The Mount Shasta Wilderness is a 38,200-acre ( 155 km2 ) federally designated wilderness area located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) east of Mount Shasta City in northern California .
Hamburger Hallig is an area on the westcoast of Nordfriesland district in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany , that is not protected by sea dikes .
Horrem station is a station in the Kerpen district of Horrem in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology is a museum affiliated with Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Bard - e Varbeh ( Persian : بردوربه‎ ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shirghan ( Persian : شيرغان‎ , also Romanized as Shīrghān ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Otterbein University is a private , four - year liberal arts college in Westerville , Ohio , United States .
Wasdale ( /ˈwɒzdeɪl/ WOZ - dayl ) is a valley and civil parish in the western part of the Lake District National Park in Cumbria , England .
Si Dong Yen ( Thai : ศรีดงเย็น ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Chai Prakan District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Palmetto Beach Historic District is an historic district in Tampa , Florida .
The Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wetland area in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Western Alamance High School is a public , coeducational high school located in Elon , North Carolina .
Kalam Rud ( Persian : كلامرود‎ , also Romanized as Kalām Rūd ) is a village in Somam Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shand - e Maleki ( Persian : شندملكي‎ , also Romanized as Shand - e Maleḵī ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Osiniak - Piotrowo ( ɔˈɕiɲak pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ) ( German : Fedorwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Shahrak - e Sanati - ye Alborz ( Persian : شهرصنعتي البرز‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Şan``atī - ye Alborz ) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District , in the Central District of Alborz County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 686 , in 209 families .
Biglarabad ( Persian : بيگلراباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Bīglarābād ; also known as Beglarābād ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Leszczków ( ˈlɛʂt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bevercotes is a hamlet and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire , England , about six miles south of East Retford and five miles north - east of Ollerton .
Villa Walsh Academy is a private , grades 7 - 12 , Catholic college preparatory school for girls located in Morristown , New Jersey , United States , conducted by the Religious Teachers Filippini .
Grand Lac Nominingue is a lake in Southwest Quebec , located in the Laurentian Mountains , bordering the village of Nominingue .
Horizon Christian Schools is a private Christian high school in Tualatin , Oregon , United States .
Andaj ( Persian : اندج‎ ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Sirpur Town is a village in east part of Adilabad district of the Indian state of Telangana .
Kalikak ( Persian : كليكك‎ , also Romanized as Kalīkak ; also known as Kalīkak - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Tang Darhaman ( Persian : تنگ درهمان‎ , also Romanized as Tang Darhamān ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Piazza De Ferrari is the main square of Genoa .
Bab Khowshab ( Persian : باب خوشاب‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Khowshāb and Bābkhowshāb ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Macomb Reservation State Park is in the Town of Schuyler Falls in Clinton County , New York , United States .
Boreman Hall is a residence hall on the campus of West Virginia University in Morgantown , West Virginia .
The Kingittorsuaq Runestone ( old spelling : Kingigtorssuaq ) , listed as GR 1 in the Rundata catalog , is a runestone that was found on Kingittorsuaq Island , an island in the Upernavik Archipelago in northwestern Greenland .
The Churchill Theatre in Bromley , southeast London was built by the London Borough of Bromley to designs by its borough architect 's department .
Shirley Windmill is a Grade II listed tower mill in Shirley , in the London Borough of Croydon , England which has been restored to working order .
Fordson High School is a secondary school located in Dearborn , Michigan , United States in Greater Detroit .
Kazemi - ye Do ( Persian : كاظمي دو‎ , also Romanized as Kāz̧emī - ye Do ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Banmankhi Bazar is a town and a notified area in Purnia district in the state of Bihar , India .
Ben Lane Print Shop is a demonstration site at Shelburne Museum in Shelburne , Vermont in the United States .
Edisto Island Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Edisto Island , South Carolina .
The Schadenbeeksköpfe are two summits on a southeastern outlier of the Aschentalshalbe in the Harz Mountains of Germany , about 3.6 kilometres southeast of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony .
Baharestan County ( Persian : شهرستان بهارستان‎‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Creich Castle is a ruined tower house near Creich , Fife , Scotland .
Whitemud Creek is a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River in central Alberta , Canada .
Llwynypia ( Welsh : Llwyn - y - pïa ( ˌɬʊɪnəˈpiːa ) ) is a village and community in Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , near Tonypandy in the Rhondda Fawr Valley .
Lumarzo is a village and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Genoa .
Górskie Ponikły - Stok ( ˈɡurskʲɛ pɔˈnikwɨ ˈstɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Assabet River is a small river about 20 miles ( 30 km ) west of Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
Dast Jerdeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دستجرده‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Jiangkou County ( Chinese : 江口县 ; Pinyin : Jiāngkǒu Xiàn ) is a county in Tongren Prefecture , Guizhou Province of China .
The Daly River Road is a designated state route in the Northern Territory of Australia providing access to the settlements of Daly River ( Nauiyu ) , Peppimenarti and Wadeye ( Port Keats ) .
The Stubaier Wildspitze is a 3,341-metre - high mountain in the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Bineh - ye Pahlu ( Persian : بينه پهلو‎ , also Romanized as Bīneh - ye Pahlū ; also known as Bīn - e palū ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Palangari - ye Now ( Persian : پالنگري نو‎ , also Romanized as Pālangarī - ye Now ; also known as Hajungri , Ḩālūngarī ye , and Pālangarī ) is a village in Kamfiruz - e Shomali Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Zavar Deh ( Persian : زوارده‎ , also Romanized as Zavār Deh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Meerjapeta , also rendered as Meer Japeta , is a village in the Tarlupadu mandal of the Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Birundeh ( Persian : بيرونده‎ , also Romanized as Bīrūndeh ; also known as Berūndeh , Birundekh , Birundoh , and Borūndeh ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Aarau District is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with administrative capital Aarau encompasses the agglomeration of Aarau south of the Juras .
Pang Hin Fon ( Thai : ปางหินฝน ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Chaem District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Most of the adult inhabitants of Saraswathi Nagar are workers at the mill . People came from many places of Tamil Nadu , especially from Madurai , to work at the mill and settle in Saraswathi Nagar .
Yáquil , also known as Isla de Yáquil is a Chilean village located in Santa Cruz , Colchagua Province , Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region .
Archbishop Hoban High School is a private , Catholic , college prep high school in Akron , Ohio , USA .
The Hemker Park & Zoo is a family owned zoo founded in 1977 in Freeport , Minnesota , United States .
Embsay with Eastby is a civil parish and electoral ward in the Craven district of North Yorkshire , England .
The Yarrie mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 90 kilometres north - east of Marble Bar .
Kalavoor(Malayalam:കലവൂർ Hindi:कलवूर ) is a village located at Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.10 km north of Alappuzha city , it is well - connected by road and rail .
The San Giovanni Addolorata Hospital ( also known as Azienda Ospedaliera San Giovanni Addolorata ) , is a hospital located in Rome , Italy , behind the largest standing ancient Egyptian obelisk in the world and the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran .
Boleścice ( bɔlɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Lexington Historical Society , founded in 1886 in Lexington , Massachusetts preserves and celebrates Lexington 's history , with a special emphasis on the town 's important role in the beginning of the American Revolution .
Skonto Hall ( also Skonto Arena ) is an arena in Riga , Latvia .
Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church , historically known as the Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church , is a historic Methodist Episcopal Church , now United Methodist , located at Charleston , West Virginia .
Wuzhong District ( simplified Chinese : 吴中区 ; traditional Chinese : 吳中區 ; pinyin : Wúzhōng Qū ) is one of five urban districts of Suzhou , Jiangsu province , China .
Jelow - e Olya ( Persian : جلوعليا‎ , also Romanized as Jelow - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 118 , in 26 families .
The state - recognized resort of Adelsheim in the Neckar - Odenwald - Kreis looks back on a 1,200-year heritage .
Sennett and Bertha Kirk House is a 1913 Colonial Revival house in Garnett , Kansas , United States .
Chiaha was a Native American chiefdom located in the lower French Broad River valley in modern East Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
Durkan - e Bala ( Persian : دوركان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Dūrkān - e Bālā ) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rostowa ( rɔsˈtɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Telgerd ( Persian : تلگرد‎ ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lacs des Hôpitaux is a pair of lakes at La Burbanche in the Ain department of France .
Kirtling together with Kirtling Green and Kirtling Towers is a scattered settlement in the east of the English county of Cambridgeshire .
Górski Las ( ˈɡurski ˈlas ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Franconian Lake District lies south - west of Nuremberg in northern Bavaria , in Germany .
The Cross Mountain Mine disaster was a coal mine explosion that occurred on December 9 , 1911 near the community of Briceville , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
The Schoenhofen Brewery Historic District is centered on the former site of the Peter Schoenhofen Brewing Company at 18th and Canalport Avenue in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois .
Janbazar ( Bengali : জানবাজার ) is a neighbourhood in central Kolkata , earlier known as Calcutta , in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The People 's Liberation Army Academy of Art ( simplified Chinese : 中国人民解放军艺术学院 ; traditional Chinese : 中國人民解放軍藝術學院 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Rénmín Jiěfàngjūn Yìshù Xuéyuán ) is a university in Haidian District , Beijing , China .
Kington Museum is a volunteer - run local history museum in the market town of Kington , Herefordshire , England .
Dziechlino ( d͡ʑeˈxlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Haralson County High School is a public comprehensive high school in Tallapoosa , Georgia , USA .
The Pywiack Cascade is a waterfall in Yosemite National Park within the U.S. state of California .
Plant X is a steam - electric power plant located in the partially vegetated sandhills south of the West Texas town of Earth in Lamb County , Texas .
Dobiercice ( dɔbjɛrˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Filgrave is a hamlet in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial Buckinghamshire , England .
Tudeshk Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تودشك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kolembrody ( kɔlɛmˈbrɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Docklands Stadium ( also known by its former sponsored names of Colonial Stadium and Telstra Dome as well as its current sponsorship name of Etihad Stadium ) is a multi - purpose sports and entertainment stadium in the Docklands precinct of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Phoenix Indian School , or Phoenix Indian High School in its later years , was a Bureau of Indian Affairs - operated school in Encanto Village , in the heart of Phoenix , Arizona .
Michałki - Kolonia ( mʲiˈxau̯kʲi kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Qeshlaq - e Hasan Khan ( Persian : قشلاق حسن خان‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Ḩasan Khān , Qeshlāq Ḩasan Khān , and Qishlāq Hasan Khān ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Ḩasan ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The McMurray Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Early Cretaceous age ( late Barremian to Aptian stage ) of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in northeastern Alberta .
Spring Hill Presbyterian Church ( The New School Presbyterian Church at Spring Hill ) is a historic church on S. Main Street in Spring Hill , Tennessee .
Međaši ( Cyrillic : Међаши ) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Overberg District Municipality is a district municipality that governs the Overberg region in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
The Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct is a series of sports stadiums and venues , located in Melbourne , Victoria , in Australia .
Urzut ( ˈuʐut ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Yeserlu ( Persian : يسرلو‎ , also Romanized as Yeserlū and Yesreloo ; also known as Yassarli ) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Turtle - Flambeau Flowage is a 12,942 acre lake , located in Iron County , Wisconsin .
The North and South Menan Buttes in southeastern Idaho are two of the world 's largest volcanic tuff cones .
Steep Rock Lake was a body of water near the township of Atikokan , northern Ontario , Canada .
Wait for Me , Daddy is a photo taken by Claude P. Dettloff on October 1 , 1940 , of The British Columbia Regiment ( Duke of Connaught 's Own Rifles ) marching down Eighth Street at the Columbia Street intersection , New Westminster , Canada .
West Kelowna 's population in 2011 was 30,892 , making it the second - largest municipality in the Kelowna - based Regional District of Central Okanagan .
WKMC ( 1370 AM ) is an oldies radio station broadcasting in Altoona , Pennsylvania .
Walcrow River , a watercourse of the Manning River catchment , is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales , Australia .
The Gulf Developmental Road links the Cairns and Normanton regions in northern Queensland , Australia .
Vankleek Hill Collegiate Institute ( also called VCI by students and staff ) is a small , English high school operated by the Upper Canada District School Board ( UCDSB ) in the heart Town of Vankleek Hill , Ontario , Canada .
Weston Manor is an 18th - century plantation house on the south shore of the Appomattox River in Hopewell , Virginia .
Dennis Village Cemetery , also known as the Common Burying Ground and East Yarmouth Churchyard , is a historic cemetery at Massachusetts Route 6A and Old Bass River Road in the center of Dennis , Massachusetts .
College of the Muscogee Nation ( CMN ) is a two - year private American Indian tribal college , located in Okmulgee , Oklahoma , the capital of the Muscogee ( Creek ) Nation .
Hemmatabad - e Vahab ( Persian : همت ابادواهب‎ , also Romanized as Hemmatābād - e Vāhab ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , Gonbaki District , Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Mabee - Gerrer Museum of Art is a non - profit art museum located on the campus of St. Gregory 's University in Shawnee , Oklahoma , USA and operates independently of near - by St. Gregory 's University .
Navais is a parish and former civil parish in Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal .
Inhaca Airport ( IATA : IHC , ICAO : FQIA ) is an airport near Inhaca , a town on Inhaca Island , in the Maputo Province in Mozambique .
Hasht Bandi - ye Do ( Persian : هشت بندي دو‎ , also Romanized as Hasht Bandī - ye Do ) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District , Tukahur District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fonteblanda is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Orbetello , province of Grosseto , in the Tuscan Maremma .
McKendree Chapel , also known as Old McKendree Chapel , in Jackson , Missouri , is a log cabin style chapel that was built in 1819 and is known as the oldest Protestant church standing west of the Mississippi River .
Bacon County High School is located in the town of Alma , Bacon County , Georgia , USA , and is part of the Bacon County School District .
Sutavan ( Persian : سوتوان‎ , also Romanized as Sūtavān ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Wandown Important Bird Area comprises a 48 km2 disjunct tract of remnant mallee habitat in northern Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
The Allan Green Conservatory was a pyramid shaped botanical display facility on the Esplanade Reserve in Perth , Western Australia .
Maxcanú Municipality ( in the Yucatec Maya language : `` his four monkeys '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
Abu Shakar ( Persian : ابوشكر‎ , also Romanized as Abū Shakar ) is a village in Minubar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Šratovci ( pronounced ( ˈʃɾaːtɔu̯tsi ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia , close to the border with Austria .
Ruzmianki ( Persian : روزميانكي‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūzmīānḵī ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hubbathala is a census town in the Nilgiris district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Offutt Air Force Base ( IATA : OFF , ICAO : KOFF , FAA LID : OFF ) is a U.S. Air Force installation near Omaha , and lies adjacent to Bellevue in Sarpy County , Nebraska .
Ashmaq ( Persian : اشمق‎ , also known as Īshmaq ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bledington is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire , England , about four miles south - east of Stow - on - the - Wold and six miles south - west of Chipping Norton .
FIU has two major campuses in Miami Dade County , with its main campus in University Park . Florida International University is classified as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a first - tier research university by the Florida Legislature .
Alestan ( Persian : الستان‎ , also Romanized as Alestān ) is a village in Estarabad Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Ragan - Brown Field House is a 2,500-seat multi - purpose arena located on the campus of Guilford College in Greensboro , North Carolina known for its distinctive cathedral - like wooden ceiling .
Solms - Braunfels was a County with Imperial immediacy in what is today the federal Land of Hesse in Germany .
The former Innis Dye Works factory is located along North Water Street in Poughkeepsie , New York , United States , on a triangular lot between the street , Fall Kill and the railroad tracks of the Metro - North Hudson Line , just across from the Mid - Hudson Children 's Museum .
Muchlarnick ( Cornish : Lannergh Meur , meaning great woodland clearing ) is a hamlet in Cornwall , England .
Ruleville - Drew Airport ( FAA LID : M37 ) is a public use airport in Sunflower County , Mississippi , United States .
Ułeczki ( uˈwɛt͡ʂki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Salina High School Central , often referred to as Salina Central , is a fully accredited public high school located in Salina , Kansas , serving students in grades 9 - 12 .
Portland Christian Junior / Senior High School is a 6 - 12 private Christian school in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Mazraeh - ye Hajj Hemet Ashtari ( Persian : مزرعه حاج همت اشتري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩājj Hemet Āshtarī ) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District , Eyvanki District , Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Dritt Mansion , named after its longest occupants , and also called Pleasant Garden , and current home to the Zimmerman Center for Heritage , is a historic home located at Lower Windsor Township , York County , Pennsylvania .
Metlili ( Arabic : متليلي‎ ) ( also known as Metlili Chaamba ) is a town and commune , and capital of Métlili District , in Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
Stary Sopot ( ˈstarɨ ˈsɔpɔt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bannalpsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden .
The VI Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region ( Spanish : VI Región del Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins ) , often shortened to O'Higgins Region , is one of Chile 's 15 first order administrative divisions .
Caisteal Maol ( Gaelic : Caisteal , ' Castle ' , Maol , ' bare ' ) is a ruined castle located near the harbour of the village of Kyleakin , Isle of Skye , Scotland .
The Dospat Municipality is a municipality in southwestern Bulgaria and is one of the municipalities in the Smolyan Province .
Beeskow ( Lower Sorbian : Bezkow ) is a town in Brandenburg , Germany , and capital of the Oder - Spree district .
Benedict Glacier ( 79 ° 25′N 78 ° 35′W ) is a glacier on central Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Cothay Manor is a grade one listed medieval house and gardens , in Stawley , near Wellington , Somerset .
Darreh Sabz ( Persian : دره سبز‎ ; also known as Darreh Gorg , Darreh Gurg , and Darreh - ye Gorg ) is a village in Esfandan Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Charles Paddock Zoo is a small 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) community zoo located in San Luis Obispo County , California , in the City of Atascadero , California .
Kalak - e Sar Bisheh ( Persian : كلك سربيشه‎ , also Romanized as Kalak - e Sar Bīsheh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
George Bush Intercontinental Airport , ( IATA : IAH , ICAO : KIAH , FAA LID : IAH ) is an international airport in Houston , Texas , United States , under class B airspace , serving the Greater Houston metropolitan area , the fifth - largest metropolitan area in the United States .
Aymur ( Persian : ايمور‎ , also Romanized as Āymūr ) is a village in Tashan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sar Tang - e Leyshan ( Persian : سرتنگ ليشن‎‎ ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Eureka Locomotive is a privately owned steam locomotive in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Quynanlu Bamir ( Persian : قوينانلوبامير‎ , also Romanized as Qūynānlū Bāmīr , Qūnīānlū Bāmīr , and Qowynānlū - ye Bāmīr ; also known as Qū’īnānlū ) is a village in Golian Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tönning ( German ; Low German Tünn , Tönn or Tönnen ; Danish : Tønning ; North Frisian : Taning ) is a town in the district of Nordfriesland in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
The Race House is an Italianate style house located at 3945 North Tripp Avenue in the Irving Park neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Speakman No . 2 , Mary Ann Pyle Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at East Fallowfield Township near Modena in Chester County , Pennsylvania .
River City Marketplace ( RCM ) is a quasi - regional outdoor shopping mall in north Jacksonville , Florida and the only one north of the St. Johns River .
Recreio dos Bandeirantes ( or simply Recreio ) is both the name of a beach and neighborhood in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Angurtlar - e Sofla ( Persian : انگورتلارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Angūrtlār - e Soflá and Azhdarlū ) is a village in Ojarud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Max Petersen House , also known as the Petersen Mansion , is located on the west side of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Drummondville is the seat of Drummond Regional County Municipality , and of the judicial district of Drummond .
Shames Mountain Ski Area is a ski resort located 35 km ( 22 mi ) west of the city of Terrace , British Columbia , Canada .
Huaining County ( simplified Chinese : 怀宁县 ; traditional Chinese : 懷寧縣 ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Anqing City .
The Pound Gap of Pine Mountain is on the Virginia / Kentucky border between Jenkins , Kentucky and Pound , Virginia .
Aurora College , formerly Arctic College , is a college in the Northwest Territories , Canada with campuses in Inuvik , Fort Smith and Yellowknife .
George Washington Community High School is a public community school located in Indianapolis , Indiana , serving grades 7 - 12 .
The Blomidon Formation is a unit of Upper Triassic ( Norian -- Rhaetian ) sedimentary rocks , which outcrops in Nova Scotia .
WJVK is a Christian radio station in Owensboro , Kentucky which simulcasts the signal of WCVK , the flagship station of Christian Family Radio .
Henderson City - County Airport ( ICAO : KEHR , FAA LID : EHR ) is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) west of the central business district of Henderson , a city in Henderson County , Kentucky , United States .
Beita District ( simplified Chinese : 北塔区 ; traditional Chinese : 北塔區 ; pinyin : Běitǎ Qū ) is one of three urban districts of Shaoyang , Hunan province , China , situated on the western ( left ) bank of the Zi River .
The Book of Mormon Historic Publication Site is a historic site located in the village of Palmyra , Wayne County , New York , United States .
The Little Dead Diamond River is a 7.1 mile long ( 11.4 km ) river in northern New Hampshire in the United States .
Budkowo ( butˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Death Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Cheshmeh - ye Cheragh Ali ( Persian : چشمه چراغعلي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Cherāgh `` Alī ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 41 , in 8 families .
Steblewo ( stɛˈblɛvɔ ) ( German Stüblau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aldo Santaga Stadium is a soccer - specific stadium in Green Bay , Wisconsin , on the campus of the University of Wisconsin--
Casa Amadeo , antigua Casa Hernandez is a historic apartment building containing a noted record shop located in the Longwood section of The Bronx , New York , New York .
2GZ ( call sign : 2OAG ) is an Australian radio station , licensed to Orange , New South Wales .
Pihlajisto ( Finnish ) , Rönninge ( Swedish ) is a northern - central quarter in Helsinki , the capital of Finland .
Straffordville Airport , ( TC LID : CNS6 ) , was located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) southwest of Straffordville , Ontario , Canada .
The John W. Day House , also known as the Day - Dittman House , is a private residential structure located at 4985 Dryden Road in Dryden Township in southern Lapeer County , Michigan .
Niedźwiadka ( ɲed͡ʑˈvjatka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
San Carlos Correctional Facility ( SCCF ) is a maximum security facility on the campus of the Colorado Mental Health Institute in Pueblo , Colorado .
Chamanak ( Persian : چمانك‎ , also Romanized as Chamānak ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Nesar - e Ebrahim ( Persian : نسارابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Nesār - e Ebrāhīm ; also known as Nesār ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Central Freeway is a roughly one - mile ( 1.5 km ) elevated freeway in San Francisco , California , United States , connecting the Bayshore / James Lick Freeway ( US 101 and I-80 ) with the Hayes Valley neighborhood .
Byers Canyon is a short gorge on the upper Colorado River in Grand County , Colorado in the United States .
Mahtutabad ( Persian : محطوط اباد‎ , also Romanized as Maḩţūţābād ; also known as Maţūţābād ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Little Snowy Mountains are a small mountain range in central Montana about 25 miles ( 40 km ) southeast of Lewistown .
The Bardstown Historical Museum is a museum of local history in Bardstown , Kentucky , USA , that is located in Spalding Hall , along with the Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey History .
Stojewsko ( stɔˈjɛfskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lawrenceville High School is a 9th--12th grade high school located in Lawrenceville , Illinois .
Pathan Kot ( Urdu : ‎ ) is the town of Bhawana City , which is a tehsil of Chiniot a city in Punjab , Pakistan .
Chevithorne ( grid reference SS9715 ) is a small village near Tiverton , Devon .
Hovenweep National Monument is located on land in southwestern Colorado and southeastern Utah , between Cortez , Colorado and Blanding , Utah on the Cajon Mesa of the Great Sage Plain .
Chociszewko ( xɔt͡ɕiˈʂɛfkɔ ) ( German : Tannenhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Manjakkudi is a village on the banks of Kaveri river in Tiruvarur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Szachowo ( ʂaˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ap Tan Pai ( Chinese : 鴨蛋排 ) is a small island in the New Territories of Hong Kong .
Gashun ( Persian : گشون‎‎ , also Romanized as Gashūn ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bethany Chapel ( Hamburg Presbyterian Church ) is a historic chapel at 103 Hamburg Turnpike in Hamburg , Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Pirmand ( Persian : پيرمند‎ , also Romanized as Pīrmand ) is a village in Shenetal Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jazireh - ye Shomali ( Persian : جزيره شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Jazīreh - ye Shomālī ; also known as Jahreh , Jalīreh , Jazire , and Jazīreh ) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District , Rig District , Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Casperkill ( also known as Jan Casper 's Kill and shown on federal maps as Casper Creek ) is a creek in both the town and city of Poughkeepsie , Dutchess County , New York .
Rawlins Municipal Airport ( IATA : RWL , ICAO : KRWL , FAA LID : RWL ) ( Harvey Field ) is a public airport two miles ( 3 km ) northeast of Rawlins , in Carbon County , Wyoming .
Budki Łochowskie ( ˈbutki wɔˈxɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tanygrisiau is a village and area within Blaenau Ffestiniog in the upper end of the Vale of Ffestiniog in the county of Gwynedd , north - west Wales ( 52 ° 59′12``N 3 ° 57′25''W ) .
McMurry University , founded in 1923 , is a private co - educational university in Abilene , Texas , United States .
Sar Muran ( Persian : سرموران‎ , also Romanized as Sar Mūrān ; also known as Sar Mārān ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Harrah 's Cherokee Casino Resort is a casino and hotel on the Qualla Boundary in Cherokee , North Carolina .
WYRK is a country music formatted radio station located in Buffalo , New York .
According to the Gazetteer of 2009 , the population was 7,346 in El Entrego and the combined population within the parish of Linares was 9,177 .
Shrigonda is an old city and a municipal council in Ahmednagar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
The McLean County Courthouse and Square is located in downtown Bloomington , Illinois .
The Valley Plaza Mall is a major retail shopping mall in Bakersfield , California .
Anupparpalayam is famous and ranks top in production of utensils , handicrafts products for households , temples , hotels and other needs in Tamil Nadu .
Łubia ( ˈwubja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rusków ( ˈruskuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dexter Cabin was the Leadville , Colorado home and hunting lodge of James V. Dexter , a mining investor and businessman .
The National Visitor Center was an ill - fated attempt to repurpose Washington , D.C. 's Union Station as an information center for tourists visiting the United States Capitol and other Washington attractions .
Warracknabeal Airport ( IATA : WKB , ICAO : YWKB ) is located about 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) south of Warracknabeal , Victoria , Australia on the Henty Highway towards Horsham .
Waingmaw Township ( Burmese : ဝိုင်းမော်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma .
Ldzań ( ld͡zaɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Monts d'Arrée are an ancient mountain range in western Brittany which forms part of the Armorican massif .
Weiskittel - Roehle Burial Vault is a historic burial vault located in Section P , Loudon Park Cemetery , Baltimore , Maryland .
Aalto - Hochhaus is a 22-floor high - rise apartment building in Bremen , Germany , designed by Alvar Aalto .
Seaborough is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southwest England .
CFVD - FM is a French language hot adult contemporary radio station that operates at 95.5 FM in Dégelis , Quebec , Canada .
The Triad Center is a complex of office buildings in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah .
Boat of Garten ( Scottish Gaelic : Coit a ' Ghartain ; originally : Garten ) is a small village and post town in Badenoch and Strathspey , Highland , Scotland .
The Casula Powerhouse is located in Casula , New South Wales , Australia , on the banks of the George 's River within the City of Liverpool .
Walter Murray Collegiate Institute , also known as Walter Murray Collegiate and WMCI , is a high school serving grades 9 to 12 , located in south - eastern Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
Marcinowa Wola ( mart͡ɕiˈnɔva ˈvɔla ) ( German Marczinawolla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Arana Gulch is a creek and landform that forms part of the southeastern boundary of the city of Santa Cruz , California .
The Garza County Historical Museum houses a large collection of mostly ranch , cowboy , Indian , and pioneer artifacts located in a 1912 two - story colonial - style building of twenty - six rooms and hallways in Post , Texas , a community established by and named for the cereal magnate C. W. Post .
Eslamabad - e Khalaj ( Persian : اسلام ابادخلج‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Khalaj ) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ashworth Hospital is a high - security psychiatric hospital at Maghull , in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside , England .
Marzalat ( Persian : مرزلات‎ , also Romanized as Marzalāt ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sathyamangalam ( also known as Sathy ) is a town and municipality in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Strzyboga ( stʂɨˈbɔɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kabgian District ( Persian : بخش کبگیان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tapin Tops National Park is an 11,000 hectares ( 27,000 acres ) national park that is located in the Upper Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales , Australia .
Kurza Góra ( ˈkuʐa ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Agassiz Peak is the second - highest mountain in the U.S. state of Arizona at 12,360 feet ( 3,767 m ) .
The Crystal Springs Fountain is a historic roadside fountain along old U.S. Route 10 near Crystal Springs , North Dakota .
Northland Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in East Preston , approximately 11 km north of the Melbourne Central Business District in Victoria .
The Summer Palace ( Chinese : 颐和园 ; pinyin : Yíhéyuán ) , is a vast ensemble of lakes , gardens and palaces in Beijing , China .
Fletcher Place is a historic district and neighborhood in the city of Indianapolis , Indiana .
Nimmitabel is a small town in the Monaro region in southeast New South Wales , Australia , in the Cooma - Monaro Shire local government area .
Kesmat ( Persian : كسمت‎‎ ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Takapoto Airport is an airport on Takapoto in French Polynesia ( IATA : TKP , ICAO : NTGT ) .
Prosienica ( prɔɕeˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hajji Qareh ( Persian : حاجي قره‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qareh ; also known as Ḩājjī Qūsh ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Podleńce ( pɔdˈlɛɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The William J. Graham House , at 548 California Ave . in Reno , Nevada , United States , is a historic Tudor Revival house that was built in 1928 .
Astalak ( Persian : اصطلك‎ ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Baggetorp is a bimunicipal locality situated in Katrineholm Municipality and Vingåker Municipality in Södermanland County , Sweden with 502 inhabitants in 2010 .
Hartevatnet or Hartevatn is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Kolonia Wolańska ( kɔˈlɔɲa vɔˈlaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Jarzynny Kierz ( jaˈʐɨnnɨ ˈkʲɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Farm to Market Road 1528 ( FM 1528 ) is a farm - to - market road located in the western and central portions of Delta County in the U.S. state of Texas .
The Platteville Atmospheric Observatory located near Platteville , Colorado was one of the first major ionospheric heaters in the world .
Liguria Bakery is a bakery in North Beach , San Francisco , California that sells only focaccia .
Kunowa ( kuˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Llívia ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʎiβiə ) ) is a town in the comarca of Cerdanya , province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Deh - e Baraber ( Persian : ده برابر‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Barāber ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bryn Arvon and Gwyn Arvon are two historic homes located at Arvonia , Buckingham County , Virginia .
The Pluckemin Continental Artillery Cantonment Site in Pluckemin , New Jersey , at the southern section of Bedminster Township , New Jersey , holds historic American Revolutionary War importance as the Continental Army 's artillery winter cantonment during the winter of 1778 - -79 .
Bishop Eustace Preparatory School is a coeducational private high school in Pennsauken Township , New Jersey , which was founded in 1954 by the priests and brothers of the Society of the Catholic Apostolate ( The Pallottines ) .
Thinkery ( formerly the Austin Children 's Museum ) is a children 's museum in Austin , Texas .
Bonnybank is a small village in the Levenmouth area of Fife , approximately 2 miles north of Leven and situated on the main road ( A916 ) between Kennoway and Cupar .
Fish Springs National Wildlife Refuge is located at the southern end of the Great Salt Lake Desert , part of the Great Basin in Juab County , Utah .
Fedeshk ( Persian : فدشك‎ , also Romanized as Fadeshk and Fidishk ) is a village in Khusf Rural District , Central District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Deviock is a coastal civil parish in south - east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Casa De Josefina ( also known as the Irwin Arthur Yarnell House ) is a historic home near Lake Wales , Florida .
Jegi - dong Station is station # 125 on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway network .
The Shakopee Bridge is a 4-lane vehicular bridge crossing the Minnesota River between Chanhassen and downtown Shakopee .
Karingari is a small serene village near Tharuvana in Vellamunda panchayath , Mananthavady area , Wayanad , Kerala , India .
Duleh Zamin ( Persian : دوله زمين‎ , also Romanized as Dūleh Zamīn ; also known as Dūlā Zamīn ) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Vezq ( Persian : وزق‎ , also Romanized as Vazaq , Wazak , and Wezk ) is a village in Sedeh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wrzeszcz ( pronounced ( ˈvʒɛʃt͡ʃ ) , German : Langfuhr ; Kashubian : Wrzészcz ) is one of the boroughs of the Northern Polish city of Gdańsk .
Methven Castle is a 17th - century house situated east of Methven , in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
North Allegheny Senior High School ( NASH ) is a suburban high school in the North Allegheny School District and is located in Wexford , Pennsylvania , a northern suburb of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Brickyard Cove is a body of water in the Brickyard Cove neighborhood of the Point Richmond area of Richmond , California .
Łopacianka ( wɔpaˈt͡ɕaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sebago Lake State Park is a state - operated , public recreation area on the north shore of Sebago Lake in the towns of Naples and Casco , Cumberland County , Maine .
The Province of Agrigento ( Italian : Provincia di Agrigento ; Sicilian : Pruvincia di Girgenti ) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sicily in Italy , situated on its south - western coast .
Casa Italiana is a building of Columbia University located at 1161 Amsterdam Avenue between West 116th and 118th Streets in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , which houses the university 's Italian Academy for Advanced Studies .
Dąbkowice Dolne ( dɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mõigu is a subdistrict of the district of Kesklinn ( Town Center ) in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Redvers is a town in southeastern Saskatchewan , Canada .
Auce ( pronunciation ; German : Alt - Autz ) is a town in southern Latvia near the Lithuanian border .
Myland ( also called `` Mile End '' ) is a civil parish in Essex , England .
The Vale of Avoca is the name of a deep ravine and of a large viaduct which carries St. Clair Avenue East over the ravine , both within the city of Toronto .
Qinghemen District ( simplified Chinese : 清河门区 ; traditional Chinese : 清河門區 ; pinyin : Qīnghémén Qū ) is a district of Fuxin City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Cugnasco is a village in the municipality Cugnasco - Gerra of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Théâtre Marigny is a theatre in Paris , situated near the junction of the Champs - Élysées and the Avenue Marigny in the 8th arrondissement .
Butler Hospital is a private , non - profit , psychiatric and substance abuse hospital for children , adolescents , adults , and seniors , located at 345 Blackstone Boulevard in Providence , Rhode Island .
Juyjan ( Persian : جويجان‎ , also Romanized as Jūyjān ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mount Moon is a lightly timbered , dome - shaped mountain in South East Queensland , Australia .
Grądki Dolne ( ˈɡrɔntki ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sawgrass Mills is a shopping mall operated by the Simon Property Group , in Sunrise , Florida , a city in Broward County .
Nygut ( ˈnɨɡut ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec ( CHUQ ) is a network of three teaching hospitals affiliated with the medical school of Université Laval and several specialized institutions in Quebec City .
Gowd - e Giru ( Persian : گودگيرو‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Gīrū ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hale - Elmore - Seibels House or Seibels House is a historic building located in Columbia , South Carolina .
Dreieich - Buchschlag station is on the Rhine - Main S - Bahn in the town of Dreieich in the German state of Hesse .
KMKS ( 102.5 FM known as `` Hot Country 102.5 '' ) serves Bay City , Texas and the region south of Houston .
Hales Corners Lutheran Church , located in Hales Corners , Wisconsin , is the largest congregation in the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod , with well over 9000 members .
The Great Slave Lake ( French : Grand lac des Esclaves ) is the second - largest lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada ( after Great Bear Lake ) , the deepest lake in North America at 614 metres ( 336 fathoms ; 2,014 ft ) , and the tenth - largest lake in the world .
The Tyers Valley Tramway was a 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) narrow gauge timber tramway built by the Forests Commission of Victoria to exploit timber resources on the slopes of Mount Baw Baw , Victoria .
Tartine is a bakery in San Francisco , California , located in the Mission District , at 600 Guerrero Street ( at 18th Street ) .
Watoga State Park is the largest of West Virginia 's state parks , covering slightly over 10,100 acres ( 41 km2 ) .
Royal Sunset High School is a continuation high school in Hayward , California , United States , and is part of the San Lorenzo Unified School District .
The Central Village Historic District is a historic district in the Central Village area of Plainfield , Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) in 1991 .
The David Davis Mansion , also known as Clover Lawn , is a Victorian home in Bloomington , Illinois that was the residence of David Davis , Supreme Court justice ( 1862 - -1877 ) and Senator from Illinois .
Buckner Glacier is located on the south slope of Buckner Mountain , North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington .
Korzęcin ( kɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ) ( German : Körtenthin ; until 1937 : Cörtenthin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The D. H. Regan House at 507 S. DeLeon in Victoria , Texas , United States , is an Italianate architecture home designed by architect Jules Leffland .
Bagh - e Bazm ( Persian : باغ بزم‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bazm , Bagh Bazm , and Bāgh - i - Bazm ; also known as Bāgh - e Vaz ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Geraldton ( Greenstone Regional ) Airport , ( IATA : YGQ , ICAO : CYGQ ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north of Geraldton , Ontario , Canada .
Tall - e Sabz ( Persian : تل سبز‎ ) is a village in Dadin Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dastak - e Sofla ( Persian : دستك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dastak - e Soflá ; also known as Boneh Dastak ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Lower Sunday River School is an historic school on Sunday River Road , just north of its junction with Skiway Road , in Newry , Maine .
Budy Krępskie ( ˈbudɨ ˈkrɛmpskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tai A Chau ( Chinese : 大鴉洲 ) is an uninhabited island of Hong Kong , part of the Soko Islands group , located south of Lantau Island .
St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Parish Complex is a historic former Roman Catholic church complex located in Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Guldensporen Stadion ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʝʏl.də(n).ˌspʊː.rə(n ) ˈstaː.di.ˌjɔn ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Kortrijk , Belgium .
The Pine Grove Community Club is a historic community club located at the junction of 1500N and 1300E north - northwest of Paris , Illinois .
Kot Hasan Khan , Punjab , Pakistan ( Urdu : Kot Hasan Khan ‎ ) is a village of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Sarvedan ( Persian : سرودان‎ , also Romanized as Sarvedān ; also known as Sar Dūn , Sar - e Dūn , Sarv Dān , and Sarverān ) is a village in Hotkan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hua County or Huaxian ( 滑县 ) is a county under Anyang municipality , Henan , China .
Cacapon Mountain ( /kəˈkeɪpən/ kə - KAY - pən ) runs northwest through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia 's Eastern Panhandle , rising to its greatest elevation of 2,618 feet ( 798 m ) above sea - level at High Point .
Sohra Jannatabad ( Persian : صحراجنت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrā Jannatābād ) is a village in Karkevand Rural District , in the Central District of Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Barat Academy is an independent , religious college preparatory school , in Chesterfield , Missouri for grades 9 - 12 .
Westfield Southcenter , formerly known as Southcenter Mall , is a shopping mall located in Tukwila , Washington , USA and owned by the Westfield Group .
Dowiaciszki ( dɔvjaˈt͡ɕiʂki ) , ( Lithuanian : Dievetiškė ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Saint - Louis - en - l'Île Church ( lit . `` St. Louis on the Island '' ) , is a Catholic church located on Île Saint - Louis in the 4th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Włodzice Małe ( vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Wenig Walditz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Skajboty ( skai̯ˈbɔtɨ ) ( German : Skaibotten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Star Hill AME Church , also known as Star of the East Church , is a historic African Methodist Episcopal ( AME ) church building and cemetery located in Dover , Delaware near Camden , Kent County , Delaware .
Balzers is a town and community located in southern Liechtenstein .
Nallamada is a mandal in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Treytorrens ( Lavaux ) is a village in the commune of Puidoux in the district of Lavaux and is located in the canton of Vaud .
Twin Cities FM ( call sign : 6TCR ) , currently known on - air as 89 - 7 , is a community radio station , broadcasting in Perth , Western Australia .
Tall Boland ( Persian : تل بلند‎ ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kuchek - e Sofla ( Persian : كوچك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūchek - e Soflá ; also known as Kūchek - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nankai University ( NKU ; simplified Chinese : 南开大学 ; traditional Chinese : 南開大學 ; pinyin : Nánkāi Dàxué ) , is a public research university located in Tianjin , China .
Bonham Strand ( Chinese : 文咸街 ) is a combination of two streets in Sheung Wan , Hong Kong :
The Franciscan School of Theology ( FST ) is a Roman Catholic graduate theological school , located at the Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in Oceanside , northern San Diego County , California It is owned and operated by the Province of Saint Barbara of the Order of Friars Minor .
KVSC 88.1 FM in Saint Cloud , Minnesota is part of Minnesota 's Independent Public Radio network .
Gąsówka - Oleksin ( ɡɔ̃ˈsufka ɔˈlɛkɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ritya postcode 5370 is a village in Dryanovo Municipality , in Gabrovo Province , in northern central Bulgaria .
Kethanur is a small Indian village situated in Tirupur District , Tamil Nadu .
The road is called the Hume Freeway in Victoria , the Hume Motorway between Prestons and Berrima , New South Wales , and the Hume Highway elsewhere in New South Wales .
Wolvercote Cemetery is a cemetery in the parish of Wolvercote , Oxford , England .
Mănăstireni ( Hungarian : Magyargyerőmonostor ; German : Ungarisch - Deutschklosterdorf ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania , located on the Căpuș River .
Edmonton / Twin Island Airpark , ( TC LID : CEE6 ) , also known as Twin Island Air Park , is located 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ; 14 mi ) southeast of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Panj Peykar ( Persian : پنج پيكر‎ , also Romanized as Bāsh Ushka , Bash Ūshtā , Beshūrādeh , Beshūsqeh , Besh Yūsqeh , and Panj Beykar ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sulkapara ( Bengali : শুল্কপাড়া ) ( Nepali : सोलखापाड़ा ) is a village under Nagrakata ( Community development block ) in the Dooars Region of Jalpaiguri district in West Bengal , India .
Jyamire , Okhaldhunga is a market in Siddhicharan Municipality in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid - eastern Nepal .
Parekklisia ( Greek : Παρεκκλησιά ( locally ( parekliˈʃa ) ) ) is a town in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located northeast of Agios Tychonas .
The Hluhluwe River originates in the Hluhluwe Game Reserve , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Ochraniew ( ɔˈxraɲef ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Château de la Roche is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Bellefosse in the Bas - Rhin département in Alsace , France .
The Söse Dam is a dam in the Lower Saxon part of the Harz mountains near Osterode in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Bircham Tofts is one of the three villages that make up the civil parish of Bircham , in the west of the English county of Norfolk .
One London Place is an office tower in London , Ontario , Canada .
The Protestant Children 's Home , also known as the Protestant Orphans ' Asylum , is a historic orphanage building in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Palácio de Ferro ( English : Iron Palace ) is a historical building in the Angolan capital Luanda , believed to be designed and built by -- or by someone associated with --
Jegh Jegh ( Persian : جغ جغ‎ ; also known as Jīgh Jīgh ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tulir ( Persian : تولير‎ , also Romanized as Tūlīr and Towlīr ) is a village in Ojarud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Deh Shahi ( Persian : ده شاهي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Shāhī ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lacona Clock Tower is a historic clock tower located at Lacona in Oswego County , New York .
Warsash is in the borough of Fareham , and is part of the Fareham parliamentary constituency .
Łowcza - Kolonia ( ˈwɔft͡ʂa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Des Moines International Airport ( IATA : DSM , ICAO : KDSM , FAA LID : DSM ) is a civil - military public airport three miles southwest of Des Moines , in Polk County , Iowa .
The Villa della Regina is a palace in the city of Turin , Italy .
Vassar - Warner Row is a set of historic homes located at Poughkeepsie , Dutchess County , New York .
The AGM-129 ACM ( Advanced Cruise Missile ) was a low - observable , subsonic , turbofan - powered , air - launched cruise missile originally designed and built by General Dynamics and eventually acquired by Raytheon Missile Systems .
The EAM Nuvolari S1 is a limited production car announced in 1990 by the Munich - based company Edelsbrunner Automobile München .
The Hino Liesse II is a rebadged Toyota Coaster .
The EE-11 Urutu is a combat proven 6x6 armored personnel carrier developed by Engesa of Brazil .
The Remington Model 341 is a bolt - action rifle designed and built by Remington Arms for four years prior to WWII .
MAZ-504 is a Soviet truck , manufactured at the Minsk Automobile Plant .
The Colt Canada C7 rifle is a Canadian assault rifle , manufactured by Colt Canada ( formerly Diemaco prior to 2005 ) , a variant of the Armalite AR-15 , and having similar design and function to the Colt M16A3 .
The Lada Niva or VAZ-2121 ( Russian : Лада Нива ; Niva ( нива ) is the Russian word for `` crop field '' ) is an off - road vehicle produced by the Russian ( former Soviet ) manufacturer AvtoVAZ .
VAXmate was an IBM PC / AT compatible personal computer introduced by Digital Equipment Corporation in September , 1986 .
The Chevrolet Opala was a mid - size car sold under the Chevrolet brand in South America from 1969 to 1992 , by General Motors do Brasil .
British Rail Class D3/5 was a shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Darlington Works in England .
The Marlin Model 780 is a .22 bolt - action rifle produced by Marlin Firearms Company of North Haven , Connecticut .
Babulal Gaur Yadav ( born June 2 , 1930 ) is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Ingalill Olsen ( born 15 December 1955 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Norwegian Labour Party ( Arbeiderpartiet ) .
Peter Althin , ( born November 6 , 1941 in Lund , Skåne , Sweden ) is a Swedish attorney and politician and a member of the Swedish parliament for the Christian Democrats from 2002 to 2007 .
Arne Rettedal ( 25 July 1926 -- 28 December 2001 ) was Norwegian engineer , businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party .
Lalji Tandon ( born 12 April 1935 ) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , known as a protege of Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
Sir Rudolph Dymoke White , 2nd Baronet ( 11 June 1888 -- 25 May 1968 ) was a Conservative Party politician in England who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Fareham in Hampshire from 1939 to 1950 .
Brij Bhushan Mehra was speaker of Punjab Legislative Assembly and a leader of Indian National Congress .
Stanley Burgess ( born 1889 ) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Marco Schank ( born 10 October 1954 in Ettelbruck ) is a Luxembourgian politician for the Christian Social People 's Party ( CSV ) and author .
Rached Ghannouchi ( Arabic : راشد الغنوشي‎ Rāshid al - Ghannūshī ; born 1941 ) , also spelled Rachid al - Ghannouchi or Rached el - Ghannouchi , is a Tunisian politician , co - founder of the Ennahda Movement and serving as its `` intellectual leader '' .
Diego Fernández de Cevallos Ramos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈdjeɣo ferˈnandez ðeseˈβaʝos ) ; born 16 March 1941 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the conservative National Action Party ( PAN ) .
Ivana Maletić ( born 12 October 1973 in Šibenik ) is a Croatian Democratic Union politician who currently serves as Member of the European Parliament .
Anfinn Kallsberg ( born 19 November 1947 in Klaksvík , Faroe Islands ) is a Faroese politician , former prime minister , and the former leader of the People 's Party ( Faroese : ' Fólkaflokkurin ' ) .
Giuseppe Bagnera ( 10 July 1878 , Palermo - 12 September 1953 ) was an Italian politician belonging to the Christian Democracy .
Guillermo Martínez Nolasco ( born 21 August 1939 ) is a Mexican retired general and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Dr. Márta Mátrai ( born February 22 , 1948 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Somogy County Regional List since 1998 .
Sukh Ram is a former union communications minister in Indian National Congress Government .
Raj Bahadur was a leader of Indian National Congress and a minister in the Indian government .
Robert M. Gordon ( born July 3 , 1950 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey Senate since January 8 , 2008 , where he represents the 38th Legislative District .
Katina Schubert ( born December 28 , 1961 ) , is a German politician who has been one of four deputy chairmen of the German socialist party Die Linke ( `` The Left '' ) since 2007 .
Sheryll Murray ( born 4 February 1956 , Millbrook , Cornwall , United Kingdom ) is a Conservative Party politician .
Scott McKay ( born December 2 , 1960 ) is a Canadian politician , who served as a former leader of the Green Party of Quebec and a former Montreal council member .
Kjell Erfjord ( born 24 July 1940 ) is a Norwegian former educator and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Sheila Gilmore ( born 1 October 1949 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Edinburgh East from 2010 to 2015 .
Marilena de Souza Chaui ( born September 4 , 1941 ) is a female Brazilian philosopher and member of the Workers ' Party .
Hugh Gray ( 19 April 1916 -- 1 April 2002 ) was a British Labour Party politician and lecturer at the University of London .
Paulo Casaca ( born 2 July 1957 , Lisbon ) is a Portuguese politician and was a Member of the European Parliament for Portugal 's Socialist Party ( Partido Socialista ) ; part of the Party of European Socialists from 1999 to 2009 .
Following unification , in 1874 Julius Motteler was elected to the Reichstag for the Social Democratic Workers ' Party ( Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands / SDAP ) , one of several parties which underwent successive mergers to become , in 1890 , the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Thomas McEwan , Jr. ( February 26 , 1854 , Paterson , New Jersey -- September 11 , 1926 , Jersey City , New Jersey ) was an American Republican Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1895 to 1899 .
Larry Snook officially entered retirement after his time as the Democratic Party Chairman .
Karl Jarres ( 21 September 1874 - 20 October 1951 ) was a politician of the German People 's Party ( Deutsche Volkspartei , or DVP ) during the Weimar Republic .
Sir Douglas Marshall ( 2 October 1906 -- 24 August 1976 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , and Member of Parliament for Bodmin from 1945 to 1964 .
The SPD , along with the KPD ( German Communist Party / Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands ) were forcibly merged into the SED ( Socialist Unity Party of Germany / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ) , of which Walter Buchheim now became a committed member .
James Childs Gould ( 1882 -- 2 July 1944 ) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for Cardiff Central from 1918 - 1924 .
Zoltán Bíró ( born April 21 , 1941 ) is a Hungarian literary historian , writer and politician who served as the first president of the Hungarian Democratic Forum .
Enrique Sapena Granell ( 1930 , in Valencia , Spain -- 7 June 2008 ) was a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
George A. Spadoro is an American Democratic Party politician who served three terms as Mayor of Edison , New Jersey , and two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly , where he represented the 18th Legislative District .
Humberto Moreira Valdés ( born 28 July 1966 ) is a controversial Mexican politician who served as President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Robert Dutil is a Canadian businessman and politician , who was a Quebec Liberal Party member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1994 and from 2008 to 2015 .
However Ulrike Meinhof 's biographer Jutta Ditfurth stated that Werner Meinhof had joined the Nazi Party by May 1933 .
Sir James Flower , 2nd Baronet ( 14 December 1794 -- 17 May 1850 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
The New York Post called Manfred Ohrenstein a `` standout example of the new young leadership that is spearheading the drive to reform the Democratic Party . ''
Gerd Søraa ( born 8 April 1934 ) was a Norwegian writer and politician for the Liberal People 's Party .
Li Zhanshu ( Chinese : 栗战书 ; pinyin : Lì Zhànshū ; born August 30 , 1950 ) is a Chinese politician and the current Director of the General Office of the Communist Party of China and the chief of the General Office of the National Security Commission .
Syed Sibtey Razi ( born 7 March 1939 ) is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress who has been Governor of Assam since July 2009 .
Kang Rixin ( Chinese : 康日新 ; born August 1953 ) is a former chief manager of China National Nuclear Corporation ( CNNC ) and a former high - ranking member of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in the People 's Republic of China .
Naomi Ichihara Røkkum ( born 1981 ) is a Norwegian politician in the Liberal Party , and a substitute member of the Oslo City Council .
Frank Beswick , Baron Beswick ( 1911 -- 17 August 1987 ) was a British Labour Co - operative politician .
Jonathan Pierre - Etienne ( born July 7 , 1984 ) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker and defensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
On 31 January 2011 , Javito returned to his country and joined La Liga team Deportivo de La Coruña .
Ivan Baraban ( born 21 January 1988 in Vinkovci ) is a Croatian football player , currently playing for NK Široki Brijeg in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jonas Enlund ( born November 3 , 1987 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger , currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg in the Russian KHL .
Tony DeHart ( born March 20 , 1990 ) is an American professional Ice Hockey Defenseman currently with HC Eppan Pirates of Serie A. DeHart was selected by the New York Islanders in the 5th round ( 125th overall ) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft .
Eric Hellemons ( born 2 June 1971 ) is a Dutch former footballer and current football coach , as assistant manager of Eredivisie club NAC Breda .
Akhlidin Israilov ( Russian : Ахлидин Шукурович Исраилов , tr . Akhlidin Shukurovich Israilov ; born 16 September 1994 ) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer playing for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv .
Katrine Lunde ( born 30 March 1980 in Kristiansand ) is a Norwegian team handball goalkeeper , playing for the Russian club Rostov - Don .
In 1984 Opoku Nti moved to Swiss champions Servette FC .
Khairul Nizam is the younger brother of fellow LionsXII forward Khairul Amri .
Klaus Wilmsmeyer ( born December 4 , 1967 ) is a former American football punter in the NFL for the San Francisco 49ers , New Orleans Saints , and the Miami Dolphins .
James Guarantano ( born in Lodi , New Jersey ) is a former American football wide receiver for the NFL 's San Diego Chargers and the CFL 's Baltimore Stallions .
Plamen Donev ( Bulgarian : Пламен Донев ) ( born May 18 , 1956 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who currently manages PFC Svetkavitsa .
Luke Boothroyd ( born 4 April 1987 in Huddersfield ) is an English professional ice hockey player , currently playing for the Manchester Phoenix in the EPL .
Geoffrey Doumeng ( born 9 November 1980 in Narbonne ) is a French football midfielder . Who plays for Chonburi F.C. in Thai Premier League
Georgios Poulopoulos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Πουλόπουλος ; born 28 June 1975 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Diagoras F.C. in the Beta Ethniki .
Dale Farley was a professional American football player who played linebacker for the Buffalo Bills and Miami Dolphins .
Anthony Kristian Baller , born 18 February 1987 in Abercynon , Wales , is a rugby union player for Pontypridd RFC in the Principality Premiership .
Oleksiy Cheremysin ( Ukrainian : Олексій Володимирович Черемисін ; born 4 January 1991 in Kyiv , in the Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FK Slavoj Vyšehrad in the Bohemian Football League .
Farid Djahnine ( born 16 August 1976 in Algiers ) is an Algerian footballer , who played most of his career for Algerian club USM Alger .
Jamar Hunt ( born December 4 , 1982 ) is a former American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League .
Frankie Mariano is an English rugby league player of Cape Verdean descent who currently plays for Castleford Tigers in the Super League .
Gurty Calambé ( born 14 May 1990 in Bambous , Rivière Noire ) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Petite Rivière Noire SC in the Mauritian League .
Guðný Björk Óðinsdóttir ( born 27 September 1988 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland women 's national football team .
Michael Schimpelsberger ( born 12 February 1991 ) is an Austrian professional footballer , who currently plays for SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Football Bundesliga .
Anthony Cris Collinsworth ( born January 27 , 1959 ) is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eight seasons , all with the Cincinnati Bengals , during the 1980s .
Aaron Hardy ( born 26 May 1986 in South Elmsall , West Yorkshire ) is an English professional football defender who plays for Farsley A.F.C ..
Dario Mijatović ( born 13 August 1984 ) is a Croatian professional football player , who currently plays for Vejle Boldklub in the Danish Superliga .
Semen Datsenko ( Ukrainian : Семен Олександрович Даценко ; born 10 May 1994 in Poltava , Poltava Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Metalist Kharkiv .
Melvin Holmes ( born January 22 , 1950 ) is an American former football player with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1971 - 1973 .
Florin Pripu ( born 1 August 1980 in Targoviste , Romania ) is a professional football defender currently playing for Kallithea F.C. in the Beta Ethniki .
Marcus Green ( born September 27 , 1983 ) is a former American football defensive tackle who is a practice squad player for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League .
Calum Clark ( born 10 June 1989 in Stockton - on - Tees , County Durham ) is a professional rugby union player for Northampton Saints .
Joep van den Ouweland ( born February 6 , 1984 in Gilze en Rijen ) is a Dutch footballer , currently playing for Eerste Divisie side FC Oss .
Miroslav Drobňák ( born 29 May 1977 in Šarišské Michaľany ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club ŠK Odeva Lipany .
Marco Reda ( born June 22 , 1977 ) is a former Canadian soccer player who began his professional career in the USL A - League with the Toronto Lynx where he developed his skills as a solid defender .
Too small to become a regular in the National Hockey League , Doug Palazzari played a total of 108 games for the St. Louis Blues in 1974 - -79 but he spent most of his professional career in the minors with the Providence Reds , Kansas City Blues and Salt Lake Golden Eagles where he was a major star .
Allan Søgaard ( born January 20 , 1978 ) is a former Danish football ( soccer ) player , spent his entire career playing for the Danish Superliga side AC Horsens .
Olivia Thompson ( born 20 January 1993 ) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport ( AIS ) in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) .
Walther Braithwaite ( born November 18 , 1933 ) is a former Surinamese football manager and player who played as a midfielder and left back in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse for S.V. Transvaal and S.V. Voorwaarts .
Chérif Abdeslam ( in kabyle : Crif Σebdesslam ) ( born 1 September 1978 in Hussein Dey , Algiers ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Casey Ramirez ( born December 8 , 1989 ) is an American soccer defender who most recently played for the Portland Thorns FC of the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) .
Desislav Rusev ( Bulgarian : Десислав Русев ; born 27 April 1979 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Akademik Svishtov as a striker .
Brandon Bonifacio ( born 29 June 1989 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian professional footballer who plays for UBC Thunderbirds .
Lucas Pérez Martínez ( born 10 September 1988 ) , known simply as Lucas , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña as a right winger .
Wei Long Wong ( born 18 August 1988 in Singapore ) is a Singaporean professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Singapore Slingers in the ASEAN Basketball League ( ABL ) .
Christer Hult was a Swedish association football defender , playing for IFK Norrköping .
Tamás Lénárth ( born 7 June 1990 ) is a Slovak football midfielder of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the club TJ OFC Gabčíkovo .
Bob Masters ( January 16 , 1913 in Comanche , Texas -- February 8 , 1987 ) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears .
Ronald Garry Hancock ( January 23 , 1954 -- October 10 , 2015 ) was a reserve outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox and Oakland Athletics in parts of six seasons spanning 1978 - -1984 .
After beginning professionally with two lowly clubs , including local A.D. Sanjoanense , Vermelhinho signed for FC Porto at the age of 23 , in 1982 .
Inge Thun ( 17 June 1945 − 15 February 2008 ) was a Norwegian football goalkeeper and bandy winger who played for Strømsgodset IF in both sports .
Jozo Bogdanović began his career playing for RNK Split which competed in the second and third level of Yugoslav league system .
Yuriy Logvinenko ( Russian : Юрий Логвиненко ; born 22 July 1988 ) is a Kazakh football player who plays for FC Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Svyataslaw Bokhan ( Belarusian : Святаслаў Бохан ; Russian : Святослав Бохан ; born 26 June 1991 ) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for FC Vitebsk-2 .
Kieran Roche ( born 3 May 1979 ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at lock / back row for London Irish .
Mark Bavaro ( born April 28 , 1963 ) is a former American football tight end who played for the New York Giants ( 1985 - -1990 ) , Cleveland Browns ( 1992 ) , and Philadelphia Eagles ( 1993 - -1994 ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
José Rafael Tobar Lemus ( born 24 November 1975 in Turín ) is a Salvadoran football player , who currently plays as Defender for Alacranes Del Norte of El Salvador .
Burak Altiparmak ( born 15 October 1990 ) is a German footballer who plays for 1 . FC Magdeburg .
Marcus Howard ( born October 10 , 1985 in Huger , South Carolina ) is an American football defensive end who is currently playing for the Edmonton Eskimos .
Abdullah Haidar ( Arabic : عبدالله حيدر‎ ) ( born 27 March 1985 ) is a Saudi Arabian football ( soccer ) player who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al - Raed .
Josef Hušbauer ( born 16 March 1990 ) is a Czech football midfielder who is currently playing for Synot liga side SK Slavia Prague .
Hamdi Bakalli ( 1923 - -1991 ) was an Albanian footballer who played for Vllaznia Shkodër , Ylli I Kuq Shkodër , Partizani Tirana and Dinamo Tirana .
Michał Płonka ( born 8 October 1992 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Górnik Zabrze in the Ekstraklasa .
In 1993 Careca left Italy to play for new Japanese J. League team Kashiwa Reysol .
Oribe Peralta Morones ( born 12 January 1984 ) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Club América of Liga MX and the Mexico national team .
Jan Křivohlávek is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga .
Samuel LaWayne Haddix ( born July 23 , 1965 in Bolivar , Tennessee ) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League who played for the New York Giants ( 1987 - -1988 ) , Tampa Bay Buccaneers ( 1990 - -1991 ) , and Cincinnati Bengals ( 1991 ) .
Tommy Albelin ( born 21 May 1964 ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach for the New Jersey Devils in the NHL .
Yacine Babouche ( born 21 March 1978 ) is an Algerian professional footballer player who plays for CA Batna in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 , as a goalkeeper .
Omar Diantete ( born February 18 , 1979 ) is a French - Congolese football player who is currently playing for FC Villefranche .
Jorrin John ( born 6 November 1991 ) is an English born , Antigua and Barbudan international footballer who plays as a midfielder for NK Domžale .
Mamadou Sidibé is a Malian professional footballer , who plays as a midfielder for AS Police de Bamako .
Juraj Chvátal ( born 13 July 1996 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for SYNOT liga club Sparta Prague , on loan from FK Senica .
Fabian Wetter ( born March 30 , 1989 ) in Lübbecke is a German footballer who plays for Holstein Kiel .
José Bosingwa da Silva ( born 24 August 1982 ) , known as Bosingwa , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Trabzonspor as a right back .
Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro ( born 7 October 1983 ) , known as Tarantini , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C. as an attacking midfielder .
Abby Bishop ( born 29 November 1988 ) is an Australian professional basketball forward / center who plays for the Seattle Storm of the WNBA .
Ufuk Talay ( born 26 March 1976 in Sydney , Australia ) was an Australian footballer who played for Sydney United FC .
Eric Loyd ( born August 9 , 1985 in Miami , Florida ) is a U.S. soccer defender who currently plays for USL Premier Development League side Kalamazoo Outrage .
Marcel Baude ( born 5 October 1989 ) is a German footballer who plays as a right - back for Hallescher FC .
Flamur Tahiraj is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as goalkeeper with FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League .
Melisa Nicolau Martín ( born 20 June 1984 ) , commonly known as Melisa or Mely , is a Spanish former footballer , who played as a defender for Primera División clubs Rayo Vallecano and FC Barcelona , as well as the Spain women 's national football team .
Jerome Watt ( born 20 October 1984 ) is a retired English professional footballer who most recently played for Lancaster City F.C ..
Jonas Lantto ( born May 22 , 1987 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a winger for Gefle IF .
Harold Sergent is an American former basketball player who starred at Morehead State University before embarking on a career with the Phillips 66ers of the Amateur Athletic Union .
Leopold Alphonso ( born 9 June 1991 ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League .
Tiago Manuel Dias Correia ( born 12 July 1990 ) , better known by his nickname Bebé , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano , on loan from Benfica .
Greg Inglis ( born 15 January 1987 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays fullback for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League .
Ronnie Shanklin ( January 21 , 1948 -- April 17 , 2003 ) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Bears .
Chris Wyles ( born 13 September 1983 in Stamford , Connecticut , United States ) is an International American - British rugby union player who plays for the USA Eagles and plays his club rugby for Saracens in the Aviva Premiership .
Chousein Moumin ( Greek : Μουμίν Χουσείν , Turkish : Hüseyin Mümin ; born 24 March 1987 in Passos - Rhodope , Greece ) is a Turkish - Greek professional football midfielder currently playing for Trikala F.C ..
Dustin Bixler ( born December 21 , 1982 in Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania ) is a former American soccer player who spent his entire career with Harrisburg City Islanders .
Sergio Alejandro Ortega Cantero ( born 26 September 1988 in Itaugua ) is an Paraguayan football Midfielder , who plays in Chile for Santiago Morning .
Zairul Fitree Ishak ( born 2 April 1985 ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Kelantan FA in Malaysia Super League mainly as a left back .
Cyril Bruce Andrew ( 28 February 1908 -- 6 June 1996 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played for Collingwood Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) before becoming a football administrator and television commentator .
Bruno Filipe Santos Loureiro ( born 23 September 1989 ) , simply known as Bruno Loureiro is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Pogoń Szczecin in Poland as a midfielder .
Philippe N'Dioro ( born June 24 , 1962 in Moulins , Allier , France ) is a French footballer of Cameroonian descent who played 94 matches and scored 13 goals in Ligue 1 for clubs Olympique Lyonnais and OGC Nice in the period 1980 - 1991 .
Šerif Hasić ( born 7 February 1988 in Zenica ) is a Bosnian football midfielder playing with NK Krajišnik Velika Kladuša .
Srđan Đukanović or Srdjan Djukanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cpђaн Ђукaнoвић , born 4 November 1980 in Titov Vrbas ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing in the FK Big Bull Radnički .
Jon Wilkin ( born 1 November 1983 in Thorngumbald , East Riding of Yorkshire ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays for St Helens RLFC of Super League .
Junior Gourrier ( born 31 August 1988 ) is a Central African footballer who plays for Gabonese club Cercle Mbéri Sportif .
Rajendra Rawal ( Nepali : राजेन्द्र रावल ) is a Nepali team midfielder , who currently plays for APF Club
Cary Harris ( born March 22 , 1987 ) is an American football safety who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos .
Christopher Katongo ( born 31 August 1982 ) is a Zambian international footballer and current captain of the national side who plays professionally for Zambia Premier Soccer League club Green Buffaloes F.C. as a striker .
Vít Štětina ( born 29 September 1989 ) is a Czech football player who plays for Czech second division side SK Sulko Zábřeh .
When Flavio Maestri was 10 years old , his father , Edmondo Maestri Baroni , brought him to Sporting Cristal to try out .
Chris Demaria is an American baseball player who briefly played in the major leagues on two different occasions : for the Kansas City Royals in 2005 , and for the Milwaukee Brewers in 2006 .
Ludwig Janda ( 13 January 1919 -- 22 August 1981 ) was a German football player and manager who played for SpVgg Fürth , 1860 München , AC Fiorentina and Novara Calcio .
Juuso Kangaskorpi ( born 1975 ) is a Finnish football defender and manager who currently is player - manager of for the Ykkönen side Mikkelin Palloilijat in Finland .
Falko Götz ( born 26 March 1962 ) is a retired German football player who is the manager of 1 . FC Saarbrücken .
Tage Ivan Jensen , was mostly known as Ivan Jensen for short ( November 10 , 1922 -- January 26 , 2009 ) was a Danish association footballer , who won three Danish championships with amateur club Akademisk Boldklub and played professionally for Italian club Bologna FC .
Danny Kirmond ( born 11 November 1985 in Sharlston ) , is an English professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers , Featherstone Rovers , Huddersfield , and Wakefield Trinity ( captain ) ( Heritage # 1280 ) .
Walter Puddefoot was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for US Quevilly in the 1927 Coupe de France Final .
Stephen Trejo ( born November 20 , 1977 in Mesa , Arizona ) is a former National Football League running back / fullback for the Detroit Lions .
Jari Sailio ( born March 18 , 1986 in Hyvinkää ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Espoo Blues in the Finnish Liiga .
Wade Redden ( born June 12 , 1977 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who spent the majority of his career in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) with the Ottawa Senators , New York Rangers , St. Louis Blues and Boston Bruins .
At club level , Ronaldinho played first for the Brazilian club Grêmio before spending the bulk of his career with European clubs Paris Saint - Germain , FC Barcelona , and Milan .
Faouzi Chaouchi ( born 5 December 1984 in Bordj Ménaïel ) is an Algerian professional football goalkeeper who last played for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Alger and the Algerian national team .
Jonathan Pérez Olivero ( born 6 June 1982 ) , commonly known as Jotha , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Lanzarote mainly as a right winger .
Gregory Alexandre ( born May 31 , 1985 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos .
Thierry Alain Florian Taulemesse ( born 31 January 1986 in Bagnols - sur - Cèze , Languedoc - Roussillon ) , known as Florian , is a French professional footballer who plays for Belgian club K.A.S. Eupen as a striker .
Femi Babatunde Ijanikin ( born December 13 , 1986 in Ilorin ) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin .
Joonas Vihko ( born April 6 , 1981 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Luleå HF of the Elitserien .
Keenin Lesch ( born 13 March 1981 ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who currently coaches National First Division club Vasco da Gama .
Tyson Craiggs ( born August 8 , 1981 ) is a former Canadian football linebacker who played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Philipp Zeiger ( born May 8 , 1990 ) , is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Rot - Weiss Essen .
During his career , Roque Júnior has played for Santarritense , São José , Palmeiras , A.C. Milan , Leeds United F.C. , A.C. Siena , Bayer 04 Leverkusen , MSV Duisburg and Qatari side Al - Rayyan .
Juraj Čobej in Partizán Bardejov is an assistant coach and goalkeeping coach also .
Antoine Griezmann ( French pronunciation : ​(ɑ̃twan ɡʁjɛzman ) ; born 21 March 1991 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid mainly as a forward .
Gilanne Louwaars is a Dutch former football midfielder who played for SV Saestum in the Hoofdklasse and FC Utrecht in the Eredivisie .
Aaron Dennis ( born February 24 , 1993 ) is an American soccer player , currently playing for Miami FC in the North American Soccer League .
Alexandre Albouy ( born May 26 , 1979 ) is a French rugby union player , currently playing for the Top 14 team Castres Olympique .
Vice Admiral Kendall L. Card is a United States Navy aviator and flag officer and the former Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance and Director of Naval Intelligence ; succeeded by Vice Admiral Ted N. Branch in July 2013 .
Lieutenant General Paul E. Stein ( August 30 , 1944 -- January 1 , 2002 ) was the thirteenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy .
The 12th ( Yorkshire ) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment , raised by the British Army during the Second World War .
Wager Swayne ( November 10 , 1834 -- December 18 , 1902 ) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War who eventually was appointed as the last major general of volunteers of the Union Army .
Lieutenant General Sir Edwin Otway Herbert KBE CB DSO ( 19 November 1901 -- 4 April 1984 ) was a British Army General who achieved high command in the 1950s .
Harold Sturtevant was a sailor in the United States Navy .
The Golden Thirteen were the thirteen African American enlisted men who became the first African American commissioned and warrant officers in the United States Navy .
Charles F. Blair , Jr. ( July 19 , 1909 -- September 2 , 1978 ) was a United States Air Force Brigadier General , United States Navy aviator Captain , a test pilot , an airline pilot , and airline owner .
Edward F. Welch , Jr. ( 13 November 1924 -- 2 January 2008 ) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy active during much of the Cold War .
Brigadier - General Hanway Robert Cumming DSO ( 9 October 1867 -- 5 March 1921 ) was an officer in the British Army .
Colonel Sir John Rowland Smyth KCB ( 1806 -- 14 May 1873 ) was a British Army officer who saw service in India .
Field Marshal Stapleton Cotton , 1st Viscount Combermere GCB GCH KSI PC ( 14 November 1773 -- 21 February 1865 ) , was a British Army officer , diplomat and politician .
Salvatore John Cavallaro ( 6 September 1920 -- 9 September 1943 ) was an officer of the United States Navy during World War II .
The East Yorkshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army , first raised in 1685 as Sir William Clifton 's Regiment of Foot .
John Stoyte was an officer of the British Army , recognized for his service in Peninsula and the Battle of Waterloo .
Lieutenant General Winfield W. Scott , Jr. ( born December 10 , 1927 ) was the tenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado .
Admiral Sir William Wordsworth Fisher GCB GCVO ( 26 March 1875 -- 24 June 1937 ) was a Royal Navy officer who captained a battleship at the Battle of Jutland and became Commander - in - Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet .
Robert C. Hinson is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force .
Brigadier Lionel Bootle - Wilbraham , 6th Baron Skelmersdale , DSO , MC , was a British Army officer who served in both the First and Second World War .
The Lincolnshire Yeomanry was a volunteer cavalry unit of the British Army from 1794 - -1920 .
Paul Aue joined the nascent Luftwaffe during the 1930s .
Samuel James Ballard ( bapt . 28 March 1765 -- 11 October 1829 ) was a Vice - Admiral in the Royal Navy .
The 28th Light Dragoons or the 28th ( Duke of York 's Own ) Regiment of Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army .
Admiral Richard Darton Thomas ( 3 June 1777 -- 21 August 1857 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , and went on to become Commander - in - Chief , Pacific Station in the 1840s .
Cleopatra Alcyone ( Ancient Greek : Κλεοπάτρη Ἀλκυόνη Kleopátrē Alkuónē ) was the daughter of Idas and Marpessa and the wife of Meleager ; she died with grief when her husband , Ceyx , was killed by Zeus .
Gabrielle Stone is the daughter of actor Christopher Stone and actress Dee Wallace .
Jack Hemingway was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , the only child of American writer Ernest Hemingway and his first wife Hadley Richardson .
Maria Haraldsdotter ( died 25 September 1066 ) was a Norwegian princess , as the daughter of Harald Hardrada and Elisiv of Kiev .
Penthesilea ( Greek : Πενθεσίλεια ) or Penthesileia was an Amazonian queen in Greek mythology , the daughter of Ares and Otrera and the sister of Hippolyta , Antiope and Melanippe .
Edmund Stafford , 5th Earl of Stafford and 6th Baron Audley , KB , KG ( 2 March 1378 -- 21 July 1403 ) was the son of Hugh de Stafford , 2nd Earl of Stafford and Philippa de Beauchamp .
Barbara Berlusconi was born in Arlesheim , Basel - Landschaft canton , Switzerland in the summer of 1984 , and is the daughter of Silvio Berlusconi and Veronica Lario ( who became his second wife , in 1990 ) .
Princess Friederike Luise of Prussia ( German : Friederike Luise von Preußen ) ( 29 August 1714 -- 4 February 1784 ) was a daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover and Margravine of Brandenburg - Ansbach .
Guy of Dampierre , Count of Zeeland , also called Guy of Namur ( Dutch : Gwijde van Namen ) ( ca . 1272 - October 13 , 1311 in Pavia ) , a younger son of Guy , Count of Flanders and Isabelle of Luxembourg , was Lord of Ronse .
Gildo Pallanca Pastor was born in Monaco , the son of Hélène Pastor and Claude Pallanca .
When described as a Nereid in Classical myths , Thetis was the daughter of Nereus and Doris , and a granddaughter of Tethys with whom she sometimes shares characteristics .
Princess Tenagnework Haile Selassie baptismal name Fikirte Mariam ( 12 January 1912 -- 6 April 2003 ) of Ethiopia was the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw .
William FitzEmpress ( 22 July 1136 at Argentan , Normandy , -- 30 January 1163/64 at Rouen , Normandy ) was the youngest of the three sons of Geoffrey , Count of Anjou and Empress Matilda , daughter of King Henry I of England .
In Greek mythology , Aphareus ( Ancient Greek : Ἀφαρεύς ) , son of Gorgophone and Perieres , was the husband of Arene , daughter of Oebalus , and father of Lynceus , Idas and Peisus , though some report that Idas ' actual father was Poseidon .
Sanchia of Provence ( c. 1228 -- 9 November 1261 ) was the third daughter of Ramon Berenguer IV , Count of Provence and Beatrice of Savoy .
Émilie Pellapra ( 11 November 1806 -- 22 May 1871 ) , comtesse de Brigode , princesse de Chimay , was the daughter of Françoise - Marie LeRoy and possibly Napoleon I of France .
According to the thirteenth - century Tale of Ragnar Lodbrok , Aslaug was the daughter of Sigurd and the shieldmaiden Brynhildr , but was raised by Brynhildr 's foster father Heimer .
In Greek mythology , Thaumas ( /ˈθɔːməs/ ; Θαύμας ; gen . : Θαύμαντος ; folk etymology `` wonder '' ) was a sea god , son of Pontus and Gaia .
Umm Kulthum bint Abi Bakr ( Arabic : أم كلثوم بنت ابي بكر ‎ ) ( born c.634 ( 13 AH ) ) , was a daughter of Abu Bakr and Habiba bint Kharija .
The Uces is a river in Salamanca province , tributary of the Douro .
Galga is one of the right - hand side rivers of Zagyva in the Cserhát , Great Hungarian Plain , Hungary .
The Pinheiros River ( Portuguese : Rio Pinheiros ) is a tributary of the Tietê River that runs 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) through the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
The Little Scarcies River is a river in west Africa that begins in Guinea and flows into Sierra Leone , after which it empties into the Atlantic Ocean .
The River Bleng is a tributary of the River Irt in the county of Cumbria in northern England .
Ufa River ( Russian : Уфа , Bashkir : Ҡариҙел , Qaridhel , literally The Black Idel ) is a river in the Urals , Chelyabinsk Oblast , Sverdlovsk Oblast , and the Republic of Bashkortostan ; a tributary of the Belaya River .
The Tainionvirta is a river in the Päijänne Tavastia region of Finland .
The River Ravensbourne is a tributary of the River Thames in south London , England .
The Kalmius flows into the Sea of Azov near the Azovstal steel manufacturing complex in Mariupol .
The Chad Basin is the largest endorheic drainage basin in Africa , centered on Lake Chad .
Tancheon , a tributary of Seoul 's Han River , is a stream beginning in the city of Yongin in Gyeonggi - do and flowing through Seongnam and then between the districts of Songpa - gu and Gangnam - gu in Seoul before entering flowing into the Han River .
Munmurra River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range , below Breeza Lookout , northeast of Cassilis and flows generally south by west , joined by four minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River .
The Knife River is a tributary of the Missouri River , approximately 120 mi ( 193 km ) long , in North Dakota in the United States .
Belaya Rus ( Belarusian for `` White Russia '' ; Cyrillic : `` Белая Русь '' ) is a Belarusian public association founded on 17 November 2007 to support President Alexander Lukashenko .
In mathematics , Puiseux series are a generalization of power series , first introduced by Isaac Newton in 1676 and rediscovered by Victor Puiseux in 1850 , that allows for negative and fractional exponents of the indeterminate T. A Puiseux series in the indeterminate T is a Laurent series in T1/n , where n is a positive integer .
Hautes - Alpes ( French pronunciation : ​(ot.z‿alp ) ; Occitan : Auts Aups ) is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range .
The P-15 Termit ( Russian : П-15 `` Термит '' ; English : termite ) is an anti - ship missile developed by the Soviet Union 's Raduga design bureau in the 1950s .
Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north - east , and the Skagerrak Strait to the south , with Denmark on the other side .
148 Gallia ( as Greek Γαλλία ) is a large main - belt asteroid that is named after the Latin name for France :
Beginning in the late 1960s , this opening idea was also promoted by Pal Benko , a Hungarian - American Grandmaster , who provided many new suggestions and published his book The Benko Gambit in 1974 .
The Cartesian product is named after René Descartes , whose formulation of analytic geometry gave rise to the concept , which is further generalized in terms of direct product .
In mathematics , Weitzenböck 's inequality , named after Roland Weitzenböck , states that for a triangle of side lengths a , b , c , and area \Delta , the following inequality holds : a^2 + b^2 + c^2 \geq 4\sqrt(3)\ , \Delta .
Sikyona takes its name from the ancient city Sicyon , which was located in the same territory .
Haute - Corse ( French pronunciation : ​(ot.kɔʁs ) ; Corsican : Corsica suprana ) ( English : Upper Corsica ) is a department of France consisting of the northern part of the island of Corsica .
The CSU - associated Hanns Seidel Foundation ( German : Hanns - Seidel - Stiftung ) is a German party - associated foundation .
The Rocky Mountain elk ( Cervus elaphus ) is a subspecies of elk found in the Rocky Mountains and adjacent ranges of Western North America .
Kletting Peak is a mountain in Summit County , Utah , named in 1964 for Utah architect Richard K.A. Kletting ( 1858 - 1943 ) .
Location filming for Billion Dollar Brain took place in Helsinki and other parts of Finland , including Turku .
Sling Blade is a 1996 American drama film set in rural Arkansas , written and directed by Billy Bob Thornton , who also stars in the lead role .
Additionally , Apatow held a stand - up comedy concert event called `` A Night of Funny People '' at the Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles to film a scene for the movie .
The Legend of The Beverly Hillbillies special ignored several plot twists of the TV movie , notably Jethro was now not a film director but a leading Los Angeles physician .
Lovely to look at ( Frank G. DeMarco 's photography gives even the chilly New York City exteriors a romantic sheen ) and beautifully acted , Peter and Vandy is often charming but also strenuous .
Harsh Times is a 2005 American crime film set in South Los Angeles .
Strawberry Cliff is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film written and directed by Chris Chow , who has participated in writing scripts for films such as Fearless and Blood :
Journey for Margaret is a 1942 drama film set in London in World War II . It stars Robert Young and Laraine Day as a couple who have to deal with the loss of their unborn child due to a bombing raid .
Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Robert Clouse ; starring Bruce Lee , John Saxon and Jim Kelly .
Isabelle Carré ( born 28 May 1971 ) is a French actress , who has appeared in more than 70 films since 1989 .
Bruno Mégret ( born 4 April 1949 ) is a French nationalist politician .
Gérard Oury ( 29 April 1919 -- 20 July 2006 ) was a French film director , actor and writer .
Germaine Dermoz ( born Germaine Deluermoz , 30 July 1888 -- 6 November 1966 ) was a French film and theatre actress of the early - to - mid twentieth century .
Denise Grey , real name Édouardine Verthuy , was a French actress .
Gabriele Stauner ( born April 22 , 1948 in Wolfratshausen ) is a German politician and a former Member of the European Parliament .
Eugène Bonaventure Jean - Baptiste Vigo ( known as Miguel Almereyda ; 5 January 1883 -- 14 August 1917 ) was a French journalist and activist against militarism .
Christiaan Cicek ( born 3 December 1988 in Hengelo ) is a Dutch - Aramean footballer who plays as a striker for SVZW in the Dutch Hoofdklasse .
Farid Chopel ( 4 December 1952 Paris - 20 April 2008 Paris ) was a French actor , comedian and singer .
Fernand Joseph Désiré Contandin ( 8 May 1903 -- 26 February 1971 ) , better known as Fernandel , was a French actor and singer .
Toussaint - Bernard Émeric - David ( 20 August 1755 -- 2 April 1839 ) was a French archaeologist and writer on art .
Andréa Parisy ( sometimes credited as Andrée Parizy ; 4 December 1935 -- 27 April 2014 ) , was a French film actress .
Josiane Balasko ( born Josiane Balašković ; 15 April 1950 ) is a French actress , writer and director .
Marie - Anne Chapdelaine ( born March 20 , 1962 in Revin ) is a French politician , member of the Socialist Party .
Charles Louis Huguet , marquis de Sémonville ( 9 March 1759 -- 11 August 1839 ) was a French diplomat and politician .
`` Gert Willner '' ( in German ) .
Birgit Sippel ( born in Bochum ( Germany ) on 29 January 1960 ) is a German politician and has been Member of the European Parliament since 2009 , representing the constituency of Südwestfalen in the south of the federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Count Jean Dominique Compans ( June 26 , 1769 , Salies - du - Salat - November 10 , 1845 , Blagnac ) was a French Divisional General from 1811 and a participant of Napoleonic Wars .
Mgr Pierre - Marin Rouph de Varicourt ( 9 May 1755 , Versonnex , Ain - 9 December 1822 , Orléans ) was a French Catholic priest , representing the clergy at the States - General , serving as a deputy to the 1789 Constituent Assembly and finally becoming bishop of Orléans .
Rubén Plaza Molina ( born 29 February 1980 ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for Lampre--
Pierre des Maizeaux , also spelled Desmaizeaux ( c. 1666 or 1673 -- June 1745 ) , was a French Huguenot writer exiled in London , best known as the translator and biographer of Pierre Bayle .
Jean - Félix Tchicaya was a Congolese politician in the French colony of Middle Congo .
Louis Jacques Thénard ( 4 May 1777 -- 21 June 1857 ) , was a French chemist .
Ruprecht Polenz ( May 26 , 1946 in Denkwitz near Bautzen ) is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) political party .
Ana María Matute Ausejo ( 26 July 1925 -- 25 June 2014 ) was an internationally acclaimed Spanish writer and member of the Real Academia Española .
Anouk Aimée ( French pronunciation : ​(anuk ɛme ) ; born 27 April 1932 ) is a French film actress , who has appeared in 70 films since 1947 , having begun her film career at age 14 .
Abel Gance ( 25 October 1889 -- 10 November 1981 ) was a French film director and producer , writer and actor .
Kristina Schröder ( née Köhler , born 3 August 1977 ) is a German politician who served as the Federal Minister of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth from 2009 to 2013 .
Claude Ambroise Régnier , Duke of Massa ( 6 April 1746 -- 24 June 1814 ) was a French lawyer and politician .
Pierre Abraham , ( 1 March 1892 -- 20 May 1974 in Paris ) was a French journalist and encyclopedist and military figure in the French Air Force during the world wars .
Françoise de Veyrinas ( 4 September 1943 -- 16 August 2008 ) , born Gardey de Soos , was a French politician and Member of the European Parliament .
Hinde Ester Singer Kreytman ( 31 March 1891 -- 13 June 1954 ) , known in English as Esther Kreitman , was a Yiddish - language novelist and short story writer .
Robert Galley ( January 11 , 1921 -- June 8 , 2012 ) was a French politician and member of the Free French Forces during World War II , for which he received the Ordre de la Libération .
Amruta Subhash is an Indian actress who works in Marathi films , television and theatre industry .
Anne - Marie Idrac ( born 27 July 1951 in Saint - Brieuc , Côtes - d'Armor ) is a French politician , member of the Nouveau Centre political party , was French Minister of State for foreign trade .
Thomas Hugues ( born 11 May 1966 in Versailles ) is a French journalist , producer and television host .
Théophile Berlier ( 1 February 1761 in Dijon -- 12 September 1844 in Dijon ) was a French jurist and politician , who was a member of the National Convention from 1792 until 1795 .
Bertran de Born ( Occitan : ( beɾˈtɾan de ˈbɔɾn ) ; 1140s -- by 1215 ) was a baron from the Limousin in France , and one of the major Occitan troubadours of the twelfth century .
Ralf Brauksiepe ( born 14 March 1967 in Hattingen ) is a German politician and member of the conservative CDU .
Jutta Appelt ( born 17 September 1939 ) is a German politician and writer from the German Christian Democratic Union .
Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud ( 31 May 1753 -- 31 October 1793 ) was a lawyer and statesman , and a significant figure of the French Revolution .
Thélus Léro ( 22 February 1909 in Lamentin , Martinique -- 22 July 1996 in Fort - de - France ) was a communist politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1946 .
Jean - François Bizot ( 14 August 1944 -- 8 September 2007 ) was a French journalist and writer .
Mallaury Nataf ( aka Mallory Nataf ) ( born Marie - Laurence Nataf , 19 March 1972 ) is a French singer and actress .
Heike Kamerlingh Onnes ( Dutch : ( ˈɔnəs ) ; 21 September 1853 -- 21 February 1926 ) was a Dutch physicist and Nobel laureate .
Francine Caron ( born 18 September 1945 in Batz - sur - Mer ) is a French writer and poet .
Jean Crespin ( c.1520 -- 12 April 1572 ) was a French Protestant lawyer who became a significant printer and martyrologist in Geneva .
Katherina Reiche ( born 16 July 1973 in Luckenwalde , Brandenburg ) is a German politician .
Béatrice Romand ( born 1952 , Birkhadem , French Algeria ) is a French actress .
John Fery ( 1859 - -1934 ) ( born Johann Nepomuk Levy ) was an Austrian - born painter , known for his works of the Western United States .
Stephen Frink is a prolific underwater photographer and has contributed to Skin Diver Magazine and Scuba Diving magazine .
Alice Ritzman ( born March 1 , 1952 ) is an American professional golfer , who played on the LPGA Tour from 1978 to 1998 .
Jane Comfort of Oak Ridge , Tennessee is an American choreographer , director , and dancer .
Florence Hedges ( August 24 , 1878 -- December 17 , 1956 ) was a pioneering American plant pathologist and botanist with the United States Department of Agriculture 's Bureau of Plant Industry .
Paul McPhee is an American artist born and raised in Southern California , who lives in Martha 's Vineyard Island .
Sharon Tomiko Santos ( born July 5 , 1961 in San Francisco , California ) , American politician , is a Washington State representative representing the 37th legislative district .
Bashir Syed or Bashir A. Syed , Sc . D. , ( Died 1st June , 2015 in Houston , TX ) was Pakistani - American solar physicist and a NASA research scientist in the field of Robotics and solar sciences .
Shane Feldman is a motivational speaker and critically acclaimed producer .
John Nash Round was an English Victorian ecclesiastical architect active in the mid - nineteenth - century Kent , England .
Rafael Hernández Ochoa ( June 4 , 1915 -- May 18 , 1990 ) was a Mexican politician and lawyer , Governor of Veracruz , from 1 December 1974 to 30 November 1980 .
Roberto Benigni is also a singer - songwriter .
Francesco Denanto was an Italian painter and woodcutter of the Renaissance period .
Norman Duncan ( 2 July 1871 -8 October 1916 ) was an author , journalist and educator .
José Genaro Kingo Nonaka , born Kingo Nonaka ( 野中 金吾 Nonaka Kingo ) , was a Mexican combat medic during the Mexican Revolution and later became the first documentary photographer of Tijuana .
Captain William Mackintosh was an Irish - born British Army officer and Canadian surveyor and engineer .
Simon William Lord is an English musical composer , record producer and musician .
Steve Allrich ( born Chicago , Illinois ) is an American screenwriter and painter .
Raja Bundela ( Raja Rajeshwar Pratap Singh Judev ) is an Indian actor , producer , politician and civil activist .
Brook Busey - Maurio ( born June 14 , 1978 ) , better known by the pen name Diablo Cody , is an American screenwriter , producer , director , author , journalist , memoirist and stripper .
Dennis Letts ( September 5 , 1934 -- February 22 , 2008 ) was an American college professor and actor .
Thalia Assuras is a veteran television journalist and the principal of a consulting practice focused on media relations , media training , strategic planning and executive coaching .
Neil Shubin ( born December 22 , 1960 ) is an American paleontologist , evolutionary biologist and popular science writer of Russian descent .
Epaphroditus Champion ( April 6 , 1756 -- December 22 , 1834 ) was a nineteenth - century war veteran , politician and land owner from Connecticut .
Bradley Burston ( Hebrew : בראדלי בורסטון‎ ) is an American - born Israeli journalist .
Sunetra Choudhury is a journalist and anchor with the Indian news channel NDTV 24x7 .
Larry Groce ( born April 22 , 1948 ) is an American singer - songwriter and radio host .
Marko Turina ( Zagreb , 1937 ) is Croatian cardiac surgeon .
Guillermo Lohmann Villena ( 1915 - -2005 ) was a Peruvian diplomat , historian , lawyer , and writer .
Nitza Metzger Szmuk ( Hebrew : ניצה מצגר סמוק ) is an Israeli architect , and Emet Prize laureate in architecture for her work on documentation and preservation of Tel Aviv 's White City .
Nicdali Rivera - Calanoc is an American former mixed martial artist who competed in the Atomweight division .
Cynthia Robinson ( January 12 , 1944 -- November 23 , 2015 ) was an American musician , best known for being the trumpeter and vocalist in Sly and the Family Stone .
John Simson Woolson ( December 6 , 1840 -- December 4 , 1899 ) was a federal judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa in the late Nineteenth century .
Cleveland Denny ( died July 6 , 1980 ) was a Guyanese boxer .
Alan Lund , OC ( May 23 , 1925 -- July 1 , 1992 ) was a Canadian dancer and choreographer , who worked in television , movies and theatre .
Dorilus Morrison ( December 27 , 1814 -- June 26 , 1897 ) was a banker , businessman , and Republican politician who lived in the US state of Minnesota .
Ma Yinchu ( simplified Chinese : 马寅初 ; traditional Chinese : 馬寅初 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yínchū ; 1882 - -1982 ) was a prominent Chinese economist .
David Drovdal ( born March 29 , 1945 in Portland , Oregon ) is an American politician from the state of North Dakota .
Margi Scharff ( b. February 11 , 1955 , Memphis , Tennessee - d. July 2 , 2007 , Tiburon , California ) was an American artist .
Beverley Bie Brahic is a Canadian poet and translator who lives in Paris , France and the San Francisco Bay Area .
Fred Van Hove ( born 1937 ) is a Belgian jazz musician and a pioneer of European free jazz .
Anthony J. Armentano ( June 21 , 1916 -- December 25 , 1987 ) was an American politician who was the 75th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1961 to 1963 .
Georges Dwelshauvers , who also wrote under the pseudonym Georges Mesnil ( 1866 - -1937 ) was a Flemish Belgian philosopher and psychologist .
Napua Stevens Poire ( born Harriet Daisy Kawaiala Kao'ionapuapi'ilani Stevens , August 31 , 1918 -- January 7 , 1990 ) was a well - known Hawaiian entertainer , singer , hula dancer , musician , teacher , radio - TV personality , producer and author .
Maksim Kartashov ( Russian : Максим Карташов ) is a Kazakh journalist ; a sports correspondent of Vremya weekly , chief editor of Hokkey Kazakhstana and a contributor to Express - K. In August 2012 he was assaulted in Almaty at his flat .
Leon Herbert is a British actor , director , writer and producer .
Tommaso Marchesi ( Italian pronunciation : ( tomˈmaːzo marˈkeːzi ) ; March 7 , 1773 -- June 6 , 1852 ) was an Italian composer .
Benny Lévy ( also Pierre Victor ; 1945 - -2003 ) was a philosopher , political activist and author .
Contessa Brewer ( born March 16 , 1974 ) is an American freelance television journalist .
Doug Shanahan ( born January 11 , 1979 ) is a professional lacrosse player who is a midfielder and faced off for the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse ( MLL ) during his professional career .
Nikki Webster ( born 30 April 1987 ) is an Australian pop singer and actress .
Fred Rouhling ( born January 24 , 1970 ) is a French rock climber , famed for his 1995 proposal of the grade 9b/5.15b for his unrepeated climb Akira .
Ada Ward was an English actress and singer who became a star in Australia in the 1870s , and later worked in the United States .
Gastón Guzmán ( August 26 , 1932 -- January 12 , 2016 ) , a Mexican mycologist and anthropologist , was an authority on the genus Psilocybe .
Dr. Nancy M. Stuart is an American portrait photographer , as well as a photography educator and administrator .
Clément Soubeyras is a French rugby league player currently playing for AS Carcassonne in the Elite One Championship .
Kim Peacock ( 1901 - -1966 ) was a British film and radio actor .
Prince Dimitri Ivanovich Dolgorukov ( 1797 - -1867 ) , also known as Dolgorouki or Dolgoruki , was born in one of the most prominent families in Russia , and was a career diplomat .
Farinaz Koushanfar is an Iranian electrical engineer and professor .
Mark Velasquez ( born August 2 , 1977 ) is a photographer who competed on the first season of Bravo 's reality television competition , Work of Art :
Christiane Pflug ( June 20 , 1936 -- April 1972 ) was a German - born Canadian painter and draughtswoman .
Terry Cashman ( born Dennis Minogue , July 5 , 1941 , in New York ) is a record producer and singer - songwriter , best known for his 1981 hit , `` Talkin ' Baseball . ''
Edward Gargan ( July 17 , 1902 -- February 19 , 1964 ) was an American actor , one of the most prolific bit players in the history of the movies .
Parag Sanghvi is an Indian film , producer , CEO of Alumbra Entertainment & Lotus Film company .
Rut Rex - Viehöver is a German actor and musician .
Quincy Lamont Williams ( born August 17 , 1984 ) , known by his stage name Peewee Longway is a rapper from Atlanta , Georgia who was one of the last signees of 1017 Records before founder Gucci Mane 's 2013 - -2015 imprisonment .
Francis Lewis Cardozo ( February 1 , 1836 -- July 22 , 1903 ) was a clergyman , politician , and educator .
Michael Burstein ( born July 1 , 1945 ) is an Israeli - American actor known onstage as Mike Burstyn .
Thengamam Balakrishnan ( April 1 , 1927 -- July 3 , 2013 ) was an Indian politician , journalist and editor for Janayugom .
Nils Foss ( born May 11 , 1928 ) is a Danish director and civil engineer .
Martin Rivera ( born October 20 , 1982 ) , better known as Noztra , is a reggaeton musician .
Steve Hatcher ( born July 30 , 1967 ) is an American pornographic actor .
Claire Sterling ( née Neikind ; October 21 , 1919 -- June 17 , 1995 ) was an American author and journalist whose work focused on crime , political assassination , and terrorism .
Hillier compares Sharaku to French painter Paul Cézanne , who he believes `` has to struggle to express himself , hampered and angered by the limitations of his draughtsmanship '' .
Ellen Miles is an American author , the writer of the Puppy Place and Kitty Corner series of children 's books .
Adyashanti ( /ˈædjəʃænti/ ; Sanskrit word meaning `` primordial peace '' ; born Steven Gray in 1962 ) is an American spiritual teacher and writer from the San Francisco Bay Area who gives regular satsangs in the United States and also teaches abroad .
Joe Bowker was an English boxer who was bantamweight champion of the world in 1904 and 1905 .
Charlie Rhindress ( born May 9 , 1966 ) is an actor , playwright and director living in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Nicola Furlong is a Canadian novelist who lives in Sidney , British Columbia .
Bronislav Grombchevsky ( Russian : Бронислав Людвигович Громбчевский ; Polish : Bronisław Grąbczewski , 1855 - -1926 ) was an ethnic Polish officer in the Imperial Russian Army and an explorer / spy , famed for his participation in The Great Game .
Roger V. Gould ( October 12 , 1962 -- April 29 , 2002 ) was a sociologist who emphasized the importance of basing theories upon research into actual events .
Nick Eversman ( born February 15 , 1986 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Michael Winstone on the ABC mystery drama Missing .
Calogero Bagarella ( January 14 , 1935 -- December 10 , 1969 ) was an Italian criminal and member of the Sicilian Mafia .
R. Balasubramaniam was a Tamil film actor whose career spanned from the late 1930s through late 50s .
Franklin D. Fraser ( April 23 , 1819 -- November 10 , 1879 ) was a Florida lawyer and a Republican politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1873 to 1874 .
Dagmar Dahlgren ( January 17 , 1880 - October 20 , 1951 ) was a dancer , singer and motion picture actress of the silent film era from Los Angeles , California .
Markus Kupferblum ( 12 June 1964 ) is an Austrian theatre and opera director , author and clown .
Ian Blackwood ( born August 12 , 1982 ) is a Canadian musician and actor known for being the vocalist / guitarist of the Toronto based punk rock band The Artist Life , and for playing Kyle Bateman on the CTV teen hit Instant Star .
Andy McQuade is an award winning British film and theatre director and writer , residing in LA .
Regan Ryzuk ( born Regan Onufry Ryzuk , March 29 , 1955 , New York ) is an American composer and pianist .
Lieutenant General Sir James Campbell , 1st Baronet ( 1763 - -1819 ) GCH , 3rd of Inverneill House was a Scottish soldier , politician and colonial administrator .
Salvatore Commesso ( born March 28 , 1975 ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who most recently rode for UCI Professional Continental team Preti Mangimi .
Merlin Hull ( December 18 , 1870 -- May 17 , 1953 ) was a lawyer , a newspaper publisher , and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin .
Adjetey Anang ( born 8 July 1973 ) is a Ghanaian actor , popularly known as `` Pusher '' , which was his screen name in the television series Things We Do for Love .
Gilbert Imlay ( February 9 , 1754 -- November 20 , 1828 ) was an American businessman , author , and diplomat .
Keyshia Cole ( born October 15 , 1981 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , businesswoman and television personality .
Berkant was the stage name of Turkish singer Berkant Akgürgen ( December 31 , 1938 - October 1 , 2012 ) .
Dr. Amy Wechsler is a dermatologist in New York City .
Ivan Zlatev ( Bulgarian : Иван Златев ) ( born August 1 , 1990 ) is a Bulgarian biathlete .
Dominick Moreno is an American politician , who was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in the 2012 elections .
Kiera Cass ( born May 1981 ) is an American writer of young - adult fiction , most known for The Selection and its sequels .
Dr. Shashanka Koirala ( Nepali : डा. शशांक कोइराला ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the political dynasty of B.P Koirala .
Carlos Monsiváis Aceves ( May 4 , 1938 -- June 19 , 2010 ) was a Mexican writer , critic , political activist , and journalist .
Stephen Dando - Collins is an award - winning Australian historical author and novelist , with books centred on Antiquity , American history , British history , Australian history , and French history .
Arūnas Bubnys ( born November 7 , 1961 ) is a Lithuanian historian and archivist .
Mario Bulfone , better known by his ring name Mario Milano is a former professional wrestler .
Son of Jaime del Burgo Torres , a Carlist politician .
Muriel Sibell Wolle ( born April 3 , 1898 in Brooklyn , New York ) was an American artist best known for her drawings and paintings of mining communities in the western states .
Sam Wu is an American photographer of the 1950s and 1960s .
Nikita Thukral was reportedly banned from Kannada films for three years starting from 10 September 2011 by the Kannada Film Producers ' Association ( KFPA ) for an alleged illicit relationship with actor Darshan .
Terry Setch ( born 11 March 1936 ) is a painter and Royal Academy ( RA ) member who lives in Penarth , Wales .
Harry Hershfield ( October 13 , 1885 - December 15 , 1974 ) was an American cartoonist , humor writer and radio personality .
Tracii Guns ( born Tracy Richard Irving Ulrich on January 20 , 1966 ) is an American guitarist best known as the founder of glam metal group L.A. Guns as well as the supergroups Brides of Destruction and Contraband .
B. Subbayya Shetty is an Indian politician who has been a Minister in the Government of Karnataka .
Carsten Wieland is a political consultant and journalist , specialized in Middle Eastern affairs , he has written a number of books concerning Syria and the Syrian civil war .
`` In the oils and drawings exhibited by Chatin Sarachi here is the work of a former diplomat whom one mighty moment has blessed .
RJ Shaughnessy ( b. Hollywood , Florida ) is an American photographer , designer , artist and publisher .
Bruno Lucchesi ( born 1926 ) is an Italian - American sculptor known for his figurative work .
Onib Olmedo ( July 7 , 1937 - September 8 , 1996 ) was an award - winning expressionist Filipino painter .
Fernand Gignac ( March 23 , 1934 - August 18 , 2006 ) was a French Canadian singer and actor .
Michael Novak ( born September 9 , 1933 ) is an American Catholic philosopher , journalist , novelist , and diplomat .
Oliver Pollock ( 1737 , Coleraine , Ireland -- December 17 , 1823 , Pinckneyville , Mississippi ) was a merchant and financier of the American Revolutionary War , of which he has long been considered a historically undervalued figure .
Ms Daniela Radkova - Aleksandrova is a Bulgarian folk singer , performing folklore from the Balkans , who became world known as a soloist at the Filip Kutev Ensemble , and at the orchestra of Goran Bregovic .
Martin Gründling ( born February 13 , 1987 in Holíč ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league .
Keith Barbour ( born January 21 , 1941 in New York City ) is an American singer - songwriter .
Greig Smith is a retired American politician of Los Angeles , California .
Farhan Adil ( Urdu : فرحان عادل‎ ) , ( born September 25 , 1977 in Karachi ) is a former Pakistani cricketer .
Ksenia Milicevic ( born September 15 , 1942 ) is a French painter , architect and town planner .
Rosalind Newman ( born November 12 , 1946 ) is an internationally acclaimed choreographer who has created a body of over 70 works .
Sara Loren ( Urdu : ساره لورين‎ ; born as Mona Lizza Hussain ) , is a Pakistani actress and model .
Victor M. Longstreet ( January 1 , 1907 -- February 5 , 2000 ) was an economist and at one time the president of the Boston Consulting Group .
Maria Newman ( born Maria Louise Newman on January 18 , 1962 in Los Angeles , California , USA ) is an award - winning American composer of classical music , and a critically acclaimed violinist , violist and pianist .
Eduardo Morales Caso ( born March 10 , 1969 in Havana ) , is a Cuban composer that has consolidated a position as a prominent figure within the contemporary musical composition , with an international artistic trajectory .
Stuart William Seeley ( June 23 , 1901 - November 4 , 1978 ) was a noted American electrical engineer , best known for inventing the Foster - Seeley discriminator and SHORAN .
Leonardo de Lozanne is a Mexican singer - songwriter , member of the Mexican rock band Fobia .
Craig Chester ( born November 8 , 1965 ) is an American actor , writer , and screenwriter .
Lola Karimova - Tillyaeva ( born July 3 , 1978 ) is an Uzbek diplomat and philanthropist .
Edgar Meyer ( born November 24 , 1960 ) is an American bassist , multi - instrumentalist and composer .
Layla AbdelRahim is a Canadian comparatist anthropologist and author , whose works on narratives of civilization and wilderness have contributed to the fields of literary and cultural studies , animal studies , philosophy , sociology , anarcho - primitivst thought , epistemology , and critique of civilization and education .
Gregorio Perfecto ( November 28 , 1891 -- August 17 , 1949 ) was a Filipino journalist , politician and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1945 to 1949 .
Andy Goddard ( born 1968 ) is a British director and screenwriter , best known for writing and directing his feature debut Set Fire to the Stars ( 2014 ) , and directing multiple episodes of ITV 's period drama series Downton Abbey .
Alfred Kazin ( June 5 , 1915 -- June 5 , 1998 ) was an American writer and literary critic , many of whose writings depicted the immigrant experience in early twentieth century America .
Zac Dawson ( born 22 February 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the Hawthorn , St Kilda and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Eyal Gordin is American cinematographer and television director .
Jay Karnes ( born June 27 , 1963 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as LAPD detective Holland `` Dutch '' Wagenbach on the FX television series The Shield .
The Saudi Arabian Professor Nayef Al - Rodhan began his career as a neurosurgeon and neuroscientist .
Doris Coley ( August 2 , 1941 -- February 4 , 2000 ) was a member ( and occasional lead singer ) of The Shirelles .
Chet Catallo ( born March 11 , 1953 ) is an American jazz , smooth jazz , jazz fusion , blues , pop , and rock guitarist .
Joan Marie Aylward was a Canadian politician , who sat in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1996 to 2003 as a member of the Liberals .
Mark Kamins ( April 13 , 1955 -- February 14 , 2013 ) was an American record producer and disc jockey famous for his role on the New York club scene .
William Harold Lee ( December 9 , 1884 -- February 3 , 1971 ) was an American 20th century movie theater designer and later the chief architect for Eastern College .
Richard Wallach ( April 3 , 1816 -- March 4 , 1881 ) was an American politician who served as the nineteenth and first Republican Mayor of Washington , D.C.
Jenny Dufau ( 1878 - -1924 ) was a French opera singer who found her success in Chicago .
Sean Horlor ( born January 11 , 1981 ) is a Canadian poet , actor , television producer , columnist and blogger .
Alan King ( born Irwin Alan Kniberg ; December 26 , 1927 -- May 9 , 2004 ) was an American actor and comedian known for his biting wit and often angry humorous rants .
Mario Canahuati is a Honduran politician , businessman and a former Honduran ambassador to the United States .
Jukka Koskinen is a Finnish musician , who is the bassist for the Finnish bands Wintersun and Cain 's Offering .
Karol Sabath ( April 24 , 1963 -- October 10 , 2007 ) was a Polish biologist , paleontologist and paleoartist .
Young Corbett III ( born Raffaele Giordano , May 27 , 1905 -- July 15 , 1993 ) was an Italian - born American boxer .
Ali Said Faqi ( Somali : Cali Saiid Fakhi , Arabic : علي سعيد فقي‎ ) is a Somali scientist specializing in toxicology .
M. Feraud was a French diplomat of the 18th century who went on a mission to resume official French East India Company contacts with Burma in 1769 .
Vigo Auguste Demant , Anglican clergyman , theologian and social commentator , was one of the 14 committee members who served on the Wolfenden report on Homosexual Offences and Prostitution .
Craig Marquis ( born March 14 , 1985 ) is an American poker player from Arlington , Texas , and a final table participant in the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event .
Edmund Heuberger ( 1883 - -1962 ) was a Swiss art director , screenwriter and film director .
Claudia Moore ( born April 14 , 1953 in Buffalo , New York ) is a dancer and choreographer who resides in Toronto , Canada .
Katha Pollitt ( born October 14 , 1949 ) is an American feminist poet , essayist and critic .
Norma Paulus ( born March 13 , 1933 ) is an American lawyer and politician in the state of Oregon .
John Shuster ( /ˈʃuːstər/ ; born November 3 , 1982 ) is an American curler and 2006 Olympic bronze medalist from Superior , Wisconsin .
Friedrich Julius Reubke ( March 23 , 1834 -- June 3 , 1858 ) was a German composer , pianist and organist .
Amasi Martirosyan ( Armenian : Ամասի Պետրոսի Մարտիրոսյան ) was Armenian Film director , scripwriter and actor .
Lee Byung - hun ( Hangul : 이병헌 ; born August 13 , 1970 ( July 12 , 1970 in Lunar calendar ) ) is a South Korean actor .
In an attempt to express their humanity to the fullest , the poetry of the Dertigers has a confessional quality in which the poet seems to be overheard in the midst of a prayer or confession .
Lok Singh is a cinematographer in the Telugu film industry .
Ian Buruma ( born December 28 , 1951 ) is a Dutch writer and historian who lives and works in the United States .
Robert Trevors is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in the 2010 provincial election .
Auguszta Mátyás ( born January 17 , 1968 in Nagykanizsa ) is a Hungarian handball player and Olympic medalist , who currently plays for Hungarian second division side Nagykanizsai Izzó SE .
Steve Padgitt is a sociologist who studies environmental and community development .
Sher Lama ( born January 9 , 1973 ) is a Hong Kong cricketer who has played one One Day International and four ICC Trophy matches for Hong Kong .
Li Hongchen ( Chinese : 李洪臣 ; pinyin : Lǐ Hóngchén ; born October 29 , 1975 in Mudanjiang , Heilongjiang ) is an internationally elite curler who trains out of Harbin , China .
Henry , Count of Malta was a Genoese adventurer , privateer and pirate active in the Mediterranean at the beginning of the thirteenth century .
Roby Smith ( born 1977 ) is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa .
Saverio Guerra ( born August 25 , 1964 as Saverio Guerra ) is an American actor .
Rudolf Maximilian Butler , RIAI , FRIBA , RSAI , RHA , RIA , ( 1872 -- 1943 ) was a well - known Irish Roman Catholic ecclesiastical architectural historian , academic , journalist , and architect of Dublin active throughout late - nineteenth - century to mid - twentieth - century Ireland .
Phil Nichol is a Canadian comedian , singer - songwriter , and actor .
Steve Proffitt is an American radio journalist who is the former Senior Producer for the NPR newsmagazine , Day to Day .
George Neczyporuk was an oil painter from Rochester , New York , who specialized in outdoor nature scenes .
Rohan O'Grady ( July 23 , 1922 -- March 17 , 2014 ) is the pen name of the Canadian novelist June O'Grady Skinner .
Šarūnas Sakalauskas ( September 24 , 1960 in Kaunas ) is a Lithuanian basketball coach .
Prem Rakshith is an Indian choreographer who has won four Filmfare Awards for Best Choreography .
Courtland Hector Hoppin ( March 12 , 1906 - January 28 , 1974 ) was an American artist , photographer and pioneer in the field of animated film .
Daniel Vahnke ( sometimes credited as Anton Rathausen ) is a Canadian composer and lyricist .
Janusz Zaorski ( born September 19 , 1947 ) is a Polish film director , scenarist and actor , representative of the cinema of moral concern ( Polish : kino moralnego niepokoju ) , trend in Polish cinema .
David P. Dahl ( born May 22 , 1937 in San Francisco ) is an American professor , composer , pedagogue , organist , church musician , organ clinician , and advisor .
Hélé Béji ( Tunisian Arabic : هالة الباجي‎ ; born 1948 ) is a Tunisian writer .
Alexandra Slate is the stage name for Alexandra Seightholm , a Canadian singer .
Pfungwa Mahefu ( born August 4 , 1982 ) is a former Zimbabwean tennis player , who played mainly on the ITF Futures tournaments .
Robert J. Darretta , Jr. ( born 1946 or 1947 ) is the former chief financial officer and vice chairman of the board for Johnson & Johnson .
Kimberly Metz is an American film director , fashion , beauty , celebrity and advertising photographer based in Los Angeles , syndicated by Corbis Outline and Corbis Beauty .
Evans Woollen ( November 28 , 1864 -- May 20 , 1942 ) was a lawyer , banker , political figure , and American football coach .
Heybatulla Hajialiyev is an Azerbaijani boxer born in 1991 .
Don Ivan Punchatz ( September 8 , 1936 - October 22 , 2009 ) was a science fiction and fantasy artist who drew illustrations for numerous books and publications , including magazines such as Heavy Metal , National Geographic , Playboy , and Time .
Paige Braddock ( born May 6 , 1963 ) is an American cartoonist best known for her long - running comic strip , `` Jane 's World , '' the first gay - themed work in the United States to receive online distribution by a national media syndicate .
Danny Matthys ( born Zottegem 1947 ) is a Flemish - Belgian visual artist , which was originally known as conceptual artist of international reputation .
Chloe Kim ( born April 23 , 2000 ) is an elite American snowboarder .
Robert Clivillés ( born July 30 , 1964 ) is an American record producer , songwriter , arranger , music video director most noted for his work with C+C Music Factory , a group he founded with musical partner David Cole .
Frederick Fraley ( May 18 , 1804 -- September 23 , 1901 ) was an American businessman , politician , and civic leader .
Clarke Isaac Hanson ( born November 17 , 1980 ) is an American musician best known as a member of the pop rock trio Hanson , which includes his two younger brothers Taylor and Zac .
Robin Yvette Allen ( born June 11 , 1968 ) , better known by her stage name The Lady of Rage , is an American rapper , singer , and actress best known for collaborations with several Death Row Records artists , including Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg on the seminal albums The Chronic and Doggystyle .
Alenka Kejžar is an Olympic class swimmer .
Martin Aronstein ( November 2 , 1936 -- April 3 , 2002 ) was an American lighting designer whose Broadway career spanned thirty - six years .
Kevin P. Coughlin is a Pulitzer Prize - sharing photojournalist , writer , director of photography , pilot , and aerial photographer .
Mubarak Awad is a Palestinian - American psychologist and an advocate of nonviolent resistance .
Brian D. Butler ( born July 1 , 1961 ) is an art dealer and owner of the 1301PE Gallery in Los Angeles .
Héctor Manuel Guerrero Llanes ( born October 1 , 1954 ) is a Mexican - born American professional wrestler , best known by his paternal name Héctor Guerrero .
Vera Salvequart ( November 26 , 1919 -- June 26 , 1947 ) was a Sudeten German nurse at Ravensbrück concentration camp from December 1944 to 1945 .
George Chouliarakis ( Greek : Γιώργος Χουλιαράκης ) , also transliterated as Giorgos Houliarakis , is a Greek academic and politician who is currently an Alternate Minister of Finance in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras , serving under Euclid Tsakalotos .
Kean Edward Uson Cipriano , ( born June 11 , 1987 ) better known as Kean Cipriano is a Filipino singer , composer , actor , and musician .
Ratanachai Sor Vorapin is a professional boxer and a former WBO bantamweight champion .
Henry Boardman Conover ( January 18 , 1892 -- May 5 , 1950 ) was an American soldier , salesman , and amateur ornithologist .
Alexandru Bârlădeanu ( or Bîrlădeanu ; January 25 , 1911 -- November 13 , 1997 ) was a Romanian Marxian economist who was prominent during the Communist regime until being sidelined in 1968 .
Charu Chandra Biswas ( April 21 , 1888-December 09 , 1960 ) was an Indian National Congress politician who was elected to the Upper House of Indian Parliament the Rajya Sabha from 1952 to 1960 from West Bengal .
Solomon Kullback ( 1907 -- 1994 ) was an American cryptanalyst and mathematician , who was one of the first three employees hired by William F. Friedman at the US Army 's Signal Intelligence Service ( SIS ) in the 1930s , along with Frank Rowlett and Abraham Sinkov .
Hans Weidemann ( 1904 - 1975 ) was a German artist , photographer and film director .
Howard Bilerman ( born September 25 , 1970 ) is a Canadian recording engineer , producer , and Grammy nominated musician .
Arthur Greville Collins ( born September 5 , 1895 , date of death unknown ) , was a British - born film director .
Cynthia Wall is an American journalist and writer of novels .
K. S. Brooks ( born Kathryn Salina Brooks ; October 16 , 1963 in New York , New York ) is a writer and photographer .
Darren McGinnis ( born in Sussex , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian country music singer .
James Robert Cade ( September 26 , 1927 -- November 27 , 2007 ) was an American physician , university professor , research scientist and inventor .
Kinsey Peile ( 1862 - -1934 ) was a British playwright and stage actor .
Andrus Vaarik ( born May 14 , 1958 ) is an Estonian film , television , and theater actor and theater director .
Steven A. Williams ( born 1965 ) is a musician , composer , record producer and engineer based in Wimbledon , London .
Maria Susanna Michaela Dornonville de la Cour , also known simply as Michaela De la Cour or De la Cour , is best known as a singer in the Swedish pop music group Army of Lovers .
Friedrich August Gottreu Tholuck ( March 30 , 1799 -- June 10 , 1877 ) , known as August Tholuck , was a German Protestant theologian and church leader .
Joe Awada ( born Yehia Awada on March 12 , 1959 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a professional poker player , based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Hüseyin Zekai Pasha ( 1860 , Üsküdar - 1919 , Üsküdar ) was an Ottoman Turkish painter of landscapes , architectural scenes and still - lifes .
Casey William Hardison ( born July 5 , 1971 ) is an American chemist and self - described medical anthropologist convicted in the United Kingdom in 2005 of six offenses under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 involving psychedelic drugs : three of production , two of possession , and one of exportation .
Carlo Ernesto Liverati ( March 10 , 1805 -- October 27 , 1844 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre and portraits .
Florine Stettheimer ( August 29 , 1871 -- May 11 , 1944 ) was an American painter , designer , and poet .
Santosh Juvekar ( Marathi : संतोष जुवेकर ) is a Marathi film , television and stage actor .
María Julia Alsogaray ( born October 8 , 1942 ) is an Argentine politician convicted in 2004 for financial crimes against the state .
Lennox Honychurch ( born on December 27 , 1952 ) is Dominica 's most noted historian and a politician .
Laurie Halsey Brown is an American artist and curator based in San Francisco .
Charles S. Thompson ( August 28 , 1908-July 9 , 1994 ) was Hollywood set decorator , with nearly 200 films to his credit in a career that lasted 30 years .
Maxine Case ( born Cape Town , January 17 , 1976 ) is a South African novelist , and short story writer .
Ira Cohen ( February 3 , 1935 -- April 25 , 2011 ) was an American poet , publisher , photographer and filmmaker .
Ergash Karimov ( Uzbek : Ergash Karimov , Эргаш Каримов ; Russian : Эргаш Каримов ) ( October 26 , 1935 -- August 4 , 2009 ) was an Uzbek stage actor who received critical acclaim for his roles in theater , film , and television .
Douglass Dumbrille ( October 13 , 1889 -- April 2 , 1974 ) was a Canadian actor and one of the Canadian pioneers in early Hollywood .
Conor Kearney was a footballer and hurler from Co Kerry .
Karsh Kale ( pronounced Kursh Kah - lay , कर्ष काळे in Marathi ) is an Indian American musician , producer and composer , and is considered one of the pioneering figures in defining the Asian Underground genre by mixing disparate genres of music such as Indian classical and folk with electronica , rock , pop and ambient music .
Eliza Wren ( born October 7 , 1980 ) is an American singer - songwriter and actress from Austin , Texas .
Francis Otieno Ndege ( born August 25 , 1979 in Nairobi ) , nicknamed Franco , is a former Kenyan international cricketer who played as a right - handed opening batsman .
Jeff Hanson ( March 3 , 1978 -- June 5 , 2009 ) was a singer - songwriter , guitarist and multi - instrumentalist whose voice was described in a 2005 Paste review as an `` angelic falsetto , a cross between Alison Krauss and Art Garfunkel that is often ( understandably ) mistaken for a female contralto . ''
Ambrose Hundley Sevier ( November 4 , 1801 -- December 31 , 1848 ) was an attorney , politician and planter from Arkansas .
Edmund Sture ( 1509/10 - 60 ) , of Bradley in North Huish , Devon and the Middle Temple , London , was an English politician .
Mendinho , also Meendinho , Mendiño and Meendiño , was a medieval Iberian poet .
Donald West Harward is an American philosopher , author , and academic administrator .
Alvan Wentworth Chapman ( September 28 , 1809 -- April 6 , 1899 ) was an American physician and pioneering botanist in the study of flora of the American south east .
Omar al - Qattan ( Arabic : عمر القطان‎ ) ( born May 4 , 1964 ) is a Palestinian Kuwaiti British film director and film producer and a cultural development expert .
Yoshiyuki Fuchiwaki ( 渕脇 芳行 ) is a Japanese retired professional baseball player .
Rick Holmstrom ( born May 30 , 1965 ) is an American electric blues and rhythm and blues guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Johann Christian Rosenmüller ( May 25 , 1771 -- February 28 , 1820 ) was a German anatomist born near Hildburghausen , Thuringia .
In 1838 Hayyim Selig Slonimski settled in Warsaw , where he became acquainted with mathematician and inventor Abraham Jacob Stern ( 1768 - -1842 ) , later becoming his son - in - law , when in 1842 he married Stern 's youngest daughter , Sarah ( 1824 - -1897 ) .
María Chacón ( born María Fernanda Chacón Romo ) is a Mexican actress , and singer .
Michael Scanlan , T.O.R. ( born December 1 , 1931 ) , is a Roman Catholic priest of the Franciscan Third Order Regular .
Wendell H. Murphy is a former North Carolina farmer , Democratic politician , and namesake of the Wendell H. Murphy Football Center .
James Nelson Harrell ( September 3 , 1918 -- February 1 , 2000 ) , also known as James N. Harrell , was an American actor .
Eilmer of Malmesbury ( also known as Oliver due to a scribe 's miscopying , or Elmer ) was an 11th - century English Benedictine monk best known for his early attempt at a gliding flight using wings .
Ken Stubbs ( born in 1961 ) is a jazz musician , alto saxophonist , and composer .
Marcelo Peralta ( born March 5 , 1961 ) is an Argentine performer , teacher , composer and arranger that plays all the saxophones , piano , accordion , and the Latin American aerophones .
Eric Stuart ( born October 18 , 1967 ) is an American voice actor and voice director who worked for 4Kids Entertainment , NYAV Post , and Central Park Media .
Floyd Cramer ( October 27 , 1933 -- December 31 , 1997 ) was an American Hall of Fame pianist who was one of the architects of the `` Nashville sound '' .
Folcard or Foulcard ( fl . 1066 ) was a Flemish hagiographer .
Ferdinand Bjerke was a Norwegian railway engineer .
Toshiyuki Kotani , also known as styleos , is a Japanese video game illustrator and character designer with credits for games by Psikyo , SNK , and CAVE .
Dick de Zeeuw ( January 24 , 1924 , Tanjung Pura , Langkat , Langkat Regency -- February 18 , 2009 , Bangkok ) was a Dutch politician and agronomist .
Carmen Herrera ( born May 31 , 1915 ) is a Cuban - American abstract , minimalist painter .
Ashley Prange ( born November 24 , 1981 ) is a professional golfer and winner of the reality television program The Big Break V :
Jill Thompson ( born November 20 , 1966 ) is an American comic book writer and illustrator who has worked for stage , film , and television .
Denise Sullivan is an American music journalist and historian who is the author of music biographies as well as the critically acclaimed music - history book , Keep on Pushing :
Peggy Sullivan , is an American librarian and educator .
Luiz Fernando de Souza , commonly known as Luiz Fernando Pezão or even Pezão ( born 29 March 1958 ) is an entrepreneur , politician and current governor of the state of Rio de Janeiro .
Joel Yanofsky is a Canadian novelist and literary columnist .
Asher Kushnir ( Russian : Ашер Кушнир ) is a Russian - speaking rabbi , lecturer and specialist on child - rearing and family relationships .
Metrodorus of Chios ( Greek : Μητρόδωρος ὁ Χῖος ; fl . 4th century BC ) was a Greek philosopher , belonging to the school of Democritus , and an important forerunner of Epicurus .
Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson ( /soʊˈraɪə sɑːrˈhɑːdi ˈnɛlsən/ ) is an American journalist .
Babloo Prithiveeraj is an Indian film actor , who has appeared in Tamil , Telugu and Kannada language films .
Jamal Diggs , better known by his stage name J - Diggs , also Jay Digs or J - Diggs tha Rockstar , is an American rapper and co - CEO of the late Mac Dre 's Thizz Entertainment .
Eddie Joyce is a Canadian politician , who represents the district of Bay of Islands in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly .
Ngô Sĩ Liên was an historian of the Lê Dynasty .
Anna Johnson Gates ( January 25 , 1889 - January 12 , 1939 ) was a suffragist and progressive era politician who was the first woman elected to the West Virginia Legislature .
George W. Hindman ( died April 1 , 1878 ) was a 19th - century American cowboy and law enforcement officer serving as a deputy sheriff of Lincoln County , New Mexico during the early months of the Lincoln County War .
Perarasu is a Tamil film director who is best known for his commercial movies with actors Vijay and Ajith .
Ranko Matasović ( born May 14 , 1968 ) is a Croatian linguist , Indo - Europeanist and Celticist .
Benny Reid is a jazz musician and saxophonist who records for the independent record label Concord Music Group on their Concord Records label .
Jacques - Édouard Berger was the son of the Swiss writer , philosopher and art historian , René Berger .
Axel Herbert Olivecrona ( July 11 , 1891 -- January 1980 ) was a Swedish professor and brain surgeon , credited with founding the field of Swedish neurosurgery , and pioneering developments in modern neurosurgery .
Guilherme de Brito Bollhorst ( January 3 , 1922 -- April 28 , 2006 ) , known as Guilherme de Brito , was an important Brazilian sambista , singer , songwriter , and painter .
Markos Sklivaniotis ( Greek : Μάρκος Σκληβανιώτης ) is a Greek writer and a poet .
Chad Donovan ( born January 11 , 1972 ) is an American performer and gay pornographic film director .
Charles Frederick Burgess ( June 5 , 1873 in Oshkosh , Wisconsin -- February 13 , 1945 in Chicago , Illinois ) was an American chemist and engineer .
Robert E. Sheriff ( 1922 - 2014 ) was an American geophysicist best known for writing the comprehensive geophysical reference , Encyclopedic Dictionary of Exploration Geophysics .
Madeleine Daleng ( born May 30 , 1986 , in Oslo ) is a Norwegian figure skater .
Gene Burns ( December 3 , 1940 -- May 25 , 2013 ) was an American talk radio host .
Shalom H. Schwartz ( Hebrew : שלום שוורץ‎ ) is a social psychologist , cross - cultural researcher and creator of the Theory of Basic Human Values ( universal values as latent motivations and needs ) .
Mac King ( born December 2 , 1959 ) is a comedy magician who has performed on television specials , often as a co - host .
Diedrich Diederichsen is a prolific writer whose articles and texts are printed in a variety of periodicals and publications .
Dr . Pappu Venugopala Rao ( born 30 June 1948 ) is a well - known Indian educationist and renowned musicologist .
Daniel Patrick Ellis ( Born May 3 , 1988 ) is an American actor , best known for his work as a former child model and now today as an actor , in both movies and television , as well as a singer with albums and tours .
The Berlin Painter ( active c. 490s - c . 460s BCE ) is the conventional name given to an Attic Greek vase - painter who is widely regarded as a rival to the Kleophrades Painter , among the most talented vase painters of the early 5th century BCE ( see Pottery of Ancient Greece ) .
Raj Krishna was an Indian economist who taught at the Delhi School of Economics .
Chuck Ainlay is a record producer and audio engineer .
Kaadyr - ool Bicheldey ( Russian : Каадыр-оол Бичелдей ; born January 2 , 1950 ) is a Russian philologist and politician of Tuvan descent .
Erich Unger ( 1887 - 1950 ) was a Jewish philosopher of standing who published many articles and a number of books , many of them in his native tongue , German .
Dr. Steven Kull is a political psychologist who studies public opinion on public policy .
Donnovan Malik Blocker ( born May 13 , 1992 ) , commonly known by his stage name Dyme - A - Duzin , is an American rapper from Brooklyn , New York .
Frank Van Deren Coke , F. Van Deren Coke , or Van Deren Coke ( July 4 , 1921 -- July 11 , 2004 ) was an American photographer , scholar and museum professional .
Thomas Anthony Sydes ( May 4 , 1941 -- June 20 , 2015 ) was an American child actor on film and television .
Harry Link ( born John Harry Linkey , January 25 , 1896 , Philadelphia -- July 5 , 1956 , New York City ) was an American vaudeville actor and songwriter .
Sarah Steelman ( born Sarah Hearne ; May 3 , 1958 ) is an American Republican politician from Missouri and State Treasurer from 2005 to 2009 .
Timothy Apiyo ( died June 10 , 2013 ) was a Tanzanian politician and civil servant .
Salim Abd an - Nur ( Arabic : سالم عبد النور‎ ) , a Lebanese Greek Catholic politician .
Brandun DeShay ( born May 10 , 1990 in Chicago ) , stylized as brandUn DeShay , is an American rapper , producer .
George H. Jessop was an Irish playwright , journalist and novelist .
Hank D'Amico ( March 21 , 1915 -- December 2 , 1965 ) , was an American jazz clarinetist .
Wayde Preston ( September 10 , 1929 -- February 6 , 1992 ) was an American actor cast from 1957 to 1960 in the lead role in 67 episodes of the ABC / Warner Brothers western television series , Colt .45 .
Aleš Hrdlička ( March 29 , 1869 -- September 5 , 1943 ) was a Czech anthropologist who lived in the United States after his family had moved there in 1881 .
Tah Mac ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American rapper and songwriter , who rose to fame as a producer of various Hip hop and R&B acts , before releasing his first solo album in 2009 .
Doug Fahl is an actor who resides in Seattle , Washington and is originally from Salt Lake City , Utah .
Julij Betetto ( August 27 , 1885 - January 14 , 1963 in Ljubljana ) was a Slovenian bass singer and composer .
Johnnie Mae Matthews ( December 31 , 1922 -- January 6 , 2002 ) was an American blues and R&B singer , songwriter , and record producer from Bessemer , Alabama .
Baudouin of Ninove was a Flemish historian active around 1294 .
Felice Quinto ( 1929 -- January 16 , 2010 ) was an Italian photographer .
Joseph Rescigno ( born October 8 , 1945 ) is an American conductor best known for his work in opera in North America and Europe .
Joseph Pilato ( born March 16 , 1949 ) is an American film and voice actor .
John Alexander Carfrae ( 1868 - 1947 ) was a Scottish architect of particular note in the field of innovative school design .
Joseph J. Kowalski was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served as Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives .
Richard J. Schmidt is an American physician who was convicted by a Louisiana court in 1998 of attempted murder .
John Cornfield is a British record producer and sound engineer .
Ediane Gomes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division .
Tamás Szőnyi ( born July 23 , 1957 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian mathematician , doing research in discrete mathematics , particularly finite geometry and algebraic coding theory .
Marla Hiromi Hayakawa Salas ( born October 19 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Hiromi Hayakawa , is a Mexican singer and actress who began her music career as a contestant in the reality show La Academia .
Glen Michaels is a sculptor from Troy , Michigan .
Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus ( ˈɡaː.ɪ.ʊs ˈswɛ.tɔn.jʊs traŋˈkᶣɪl.lʊs ) , commonly known as Suetonius ( /swɪˈtoʊniəs/ ; c. 69 -- after 122 AD ) , was a Roman historian belonging to the equestrian order who wrote during the early Imperial era of the Roman Empire .
Blessed Otto Neururer ( 25 March 1881 -- 30 May 1940 ) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest and martyr .
Professor Israel Doniach M.D. , F.R.C.P. ( March 9 , 1911 in London , England -- February 11 , 2001 in London , England ) was a distinguished pathologist and expert on the causes and diagnosis of thyroid cancers .
Ludwig Riess ( December 1 , 1861 -- December 27 , 1928 ) was a German - born historian and educator , noted for his work in late 19th century Japan .
Rick Batalla is an actor , theatre director and playwright .
Meg Rosoff ( born 16 October 1956 ) is an American writer based in London , United Kingdom .
Phil Gladwin is a television writer and script editor .
Aldona Klimavičiūtė ( born 27 March 1940 ) is a retired Lithuanian rower who won a silver medal in the eights event at the 1964 European Championships .
Raymond John Flynn ( March 7 , 1914 -- January 1 , 1996 ) , professionally known as John Rodney , was an American actor , who worked in film and television .
Pierre David ( born May 17 , 1944 ) is a Canadian film producer and film financier .
İsmail Galib was the son of İbrahim Edhem Pasha and a notable numismatist in the Ottoman Empire .
Ibn Bassam ( Ibn Bassam Al - Shantarini ) was a poet and historian from al - Andalus .
Thirumurugan ( Tamil : திருமுருகன் ) is a Tamil film director .
Don Fabian ( born Domingo Fabiano ) was an Argentine Bolero composer , pianist and orchestra conductor .
Clara Ponty ( born in Paris , France ) is a French - American pianist , vocalist and pop and jazz composer .
Wesley Clark Dodson ( 1829 - -1914 ) , most often known as W.C. Dodson , was an architect of Waco , Texas .
Alexis Cruz ( born September 29 , 1974 ) is an American actor , known for his performances as Rafael in Touched by an Angel and as Skaara in Stargate and Stargate SG-1 .
Chatchai Butdee ( Thai : ฉัตรชัย บุตรดี , pronounced ( tɕʰàt.tɕʰāj bùt.dīː ) ) is a Thai boxer .
John Coldale or Cowdale ( by 1495 - 1534 or later ) , of Carlisle , Cumbria , was an English politician .
Rachel Rosenthal ( November 9 , 1926 -- May 10 , 2015 ) was an interdisciplinary artist , a teacher and animal rights activist based in Los Angeles , California .
Selda Alkor ( born January 3 , 1943 ) is a Turkish actress , beauty pageant titleholder , painter , and singer of Circassian and Georgian descent .
Marta Becket ( born Martha Beckett on August 9 , 1924 ) is a retired actress , dancer , choreographer and painter who performed for more than four decades at her own theater , the Amargosa Opera House in Death Valley Junction , California .
Damon Jackson ( born August 8 , 1988 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC 's featherweight division .
Paulius Juodis ( born August 24 , 1978 in Klaipėda , Lithuanian SSR , USSR ) is a Lithuanian basketball coach .
Jan Jacobszoon May van Schellinkhout was a Dutch seafarer and explorer .
Robert Fegg ( born October 26 , 1978 ) is a German luger who competed from 1997 to 2001 .
Jamie Mallender ( born 2 February 1972 ) is a British musician and was the bass player for Raven Lord and Tony Martin Band .
Sakthibhadran ( शक्तिभद्रः ) was a Classical Sanskrit writer , who lived in ancient Kerala .
Ramblin ' Jack Elliott ( born Elliot Charles Adnopoz ; August 1 , 1931 ) is an American folk singer and performer .
Beulah Marie Dix ( January 24 , 1876 -- September 25 , 1970 ) was an American screenwriter of the silent and sound film eras , and an author of children 's books .
Todd Holland ( born December 13 , 1961 ) is an American television and film director and producer .
Sumati Mutatkar ( 1916 - -2007 ) was an Indian classical music vocalist and musicologist from the Agra gharana of Hindustani classical music , and a Professor of Department of Music in University of Delhi .
Stephen Petronio is an American choreographer , dancer , and the artistic director of New York City - based Stephen Petronio Company .
Henry W. Eastham was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member and President of the Common Council , and as the 30th Mayor of Lynn , Massachusetts .
Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt ( June 2 , 1885 -- December 30 , 1964 ) was a German neuropathologist , who first described the Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease .
Katherine Binney Shippen ( April 1 , 1892 -- February 20 , 1980 ) was an American history teacher , museum curator , and children 's writer .
Pandiraj ( பாண்டிராஜ் in Tamil ) is an Indian film director and producer , who works in Tamil cinema .
Alice Dayrell Caldeira Brant ( August 28 , 1880 -- June 20 , 1970 ) was a Brazilian juvenile writer .
Edward Sorley was a British actor .
Robert B. Hauser was an American cinematographer that worked on more than 70 television and film projects from 1958 to 1994 .
Samuel ben Samson ( also Samuel ben Shimshon ) was a rabbi who lived in France and made a pilgrimage to Palestine in 1210 , visiting a number of villages and cities there , including Jerusalem .
Frederick Parker - Rhodes ( 21 March 1914 -- 21 November 1987 ) was an English linguist , plant pathologist , computer scientist , mathematician , mystic , and mycologist .
Scott Clifton Snyder ( born October 31 , 1984 ) , better known as Scott Clifton , is an American actor , musician , and video blogger .
Gene Saks ( Jean Michael Saks ; November 8 , 1921 -- March 28 , 2015 ) was an American stage and film director , and actor .
Andrew W. Marlowe ( sometimes Andrew Marlowe ) is an American screenwriter .
Deanna Michaux ( born April 8 , 1970 in North Carolina ) is a nationally syndicated columnist , author and radio host .
Ronald Shusett is an American motion picture screenwriter and producer , usually in the science fiction genre .
Carl Sadakichi Hartmann ( November 8 , 1867 - November 22 , 1944 ) was a photography critic and poet of German and Japanese descent .
H. David Dalquist ( May 25 , 1918 -- January 2 , 2005 ) was an American inventor and chemical engineer .
Oliver Diglesias , whose real name is Oliver Javier Díaz Iglesias is a singer , journalist and presenter of Colombian TV stations such as Canal 23 and RCN TV Network .
Prakashchandra Pandurang Shirodkar , the eldest son of late Pandurang Purushottam Shirodkar , is an Indologist , archaeologist , writer , one of the most prominent freedom fighters of Goa , and first speaker of the Goa , Daman and Diu Legislative Assembly ) .
Abdulwahab Alamrani ( Arabic : عبد الوهاب العمراني‎ ) is a Yemeni author and diplomat .
Carol Chell ( born 1941 ) is a British children 's television presenter and TV executive .
Cylin Busby ( born May 1 , 1970 ) is a middle - grade and young adult children 's writer , known for the best - selling memoir , The Year We Disappeared , written with her father John Busby .
Li Fuchun ( Chinese : 李富春 ; pinyin : Lǐ Fùchūn ; Wade -- Giles : Li Fu - ch'un ; May 22 , 1900 -- January 9 , 1975 ) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician .
Ruth Westheimer ( born June 4 , 1928 ) , better known as Dr. Ruth , is an American sex therapist , media personality , and author .
Wallace Edwards is a Canadian illustrator and writer who won the 2002 Governor General 's Award for children 's book illustration recognizing Alphabeasts .
Adrian Bawtree ( born 1968 ) is a composer and organist .
Almerigo Grilz ( Born March 11 , 1953 -- Died , May 19 , 1987 ) was an Italian right wing politician , and an independent war correspondent .
Marie McDonald ( July 6 , 1923 -- October 21 , 1965 ) was an American singer and actress known as `` The Body Beautiful '' and later nicknamed `` The Body '' .
Rudy Gunawan ( Chinese : 郭宏源 ) ( born December 31 , 1966 in Solo , Central Java ) is a well - known Indonesian badminton player in the era of the late 1980s and early 1990s .
James Vasanthan is a popular Indian television ( Tamil ) anchor and a film music composer .
Anthony Condon ( born 6 December 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Australian Football League .
Frank Hamilton Short ( September 12 , 1862 - June 5 , 1920 ) was a Fresno , California lawyer and a states ' rights advocate within the early American Conservation movement .
Ratko Delorko is a German pianist , composer , producer and conductor .
Charles Denby , Jr. ( November 14 , 1861 -- February 15 , 1938 ) was an American diplomat in China and later in Vienna , Austria , and was known as one of the top scholars of Chinese language and culture of his time .
Park Kyung - hwa ( also Park Gyeong - hwa , Korean : 박 경화 ; born August 29 , 1984 ) is a South Korean former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly events .
Demir Dragnev ( born July 27 , 1936 , Cureşniţa ) is a historian from the Republic of Moldova .
Chuwit Kamolvisit ( Thai : ชูวิทย์ กมลวิศิษฎ์ ; rtgs : Chuwit Kamonwisit ; August 29 , 1961 -- ) is a controversial Thai politician who was once the country 's biggest massage parlor owner .
Algernon Islay de Courcy Lyons ( 1922 - -1993 ) was a Welsh photographer , novelist and linguist .
Józef Kowalewski ( Russian : Иосиф Михайлович Ковалевский ) ( 9 january 1801 -- 7 november 1878 ) was a Polish orientalist .
Mary Zimmerman ( born August 23 , 1960 ) is an American theatre director and playwright from Nebraska .
Koichi Sasada is a Japanese computer scientist and a Ruby core committer .
Robert T. Pennock is a philosopher working on the Avida digital organism project at Michigan State University where he has been full professor since 2000 .
Isidore of Miletus was a renowned scientist and mathematician before Emperor Justinian I hired him , `` Isidorus taught stereometry and physics at the universities , first of Alexandria then of Constantinople , and wrote a commentary on an older treatise on vaulting . ''
Seui Laau ( c. 1942 -- January 26 , 2012 ) was an American Samoan politician and Senator .
Jim Jagielski ( born March 11 , 1961 ) is an American software engineer , who specializes in web , cloud and open source technologies .
Quintus Gargilius Martialis was a third - century Roman writer on horticulture , botany and medicine .
Thomas Clowes ( August 5 , 1791 Marblehead , Essex County , Massachusetts - April 9 , 1866 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Valérie Milot has had an active career as a soloist and chamber musician .
Susan Buck - Morss is an American philosopher and intellectual historian .
Hong Jong - hyun ( hangul : 홍종현 ; born February 2 , 1990 ) is a South Korean actor .
Ofelia Giudicissi Curci ( 1934 - -1981 ) was an Italian poet , and archeologist .
Masami Shinoda ( 1958 - -1992 ) was well - known Japanese alto - saxophonist and composer .
Alejandro Núñez Allauca ( born April 18 , 1943 ) is a Peruvian composer , one of the most renowned and performed outside of his native country .
Owain ap Llywelyn ab y Moel ( fl . 1470 - 1500 ) was a Welsh language poet from Powys .
Edward James Olmos ( born Edward Olmos ; February 24 , 1947 ) is an American actor and director .
Josiah Horner ( September 15 , 1849 -- September 27 , 1927 ) , better known as Frank M. Canton , was a famous American Old West lawman , gunslinger , cowboy and at one point in his life , an outlaw .
Ana María López Colomé is a distinguished Mexican biochemist who won the 2002 L'Oréal - UNESCO Award for Women in Science --
Chaman Lal Chaman is a London - based noted Panjabi poet , lyricist and radio broadcaster .
Rimantas Grigas ( born 1962 ) is a Lithuanian basketball coach , known for his stint with Žalgiris Kaunas .
Frank Shuman ( January 23 , 1862 -- April 28 , 1918 ) was an American inventor , engineer and solar energy pioneer known for his work on solar engines , especially those that used solar energy to heat water that would produce steam .
Fernanda Sobarzo ( born 1994 ) is a Chilean model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World Chile 2015 and represented Chile at Miss World 2015 pageant .
Bonny Warner ( now Bonny Simi , born April 7 , 1962 in Mount Baldy , California ) is an American luger who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s .
Dennis Virkler is an American film editor with more than forty credits dating from 1973 .
Mahmod Abdelaly ( Arabic : محمود عبد العلي‎ ; born March 11 , 1967 ) is an Egyptian sport shooter .
Marie Javins ( April 22 , 1966 ) is an American comic book editor , comic book colorist , and travel writer known for her long association with Marvel Comics and the Teshkeel Media Group .
Jack Otter is an American journalist and editor with Barrons.com .
Dominic Roche ( 1902 -1972 ) , was a British actor and playwright .
John Darrow , born Harry Simpson , was an American actor of the late silent and early talking film eras .
Suriya Jungrungreangkit ( Thai : สุริยะ จึงรุ่งเรืองกิจ ; rtgs : Suriya Chuengrungruengkit , born December 10 , 1954 ) is a Thai politician of the Thai Rak Thai party .
Ralph Bingham Cloward ( born in Salt Lake City , Utah , September 24 , 1908 , died November 13 , 2000 ) was an American neurosurgeon .
Aparna Popat ( Gujarati : અપર્ણા પોપટ ; born January 18 , 1978 ) is a former Indian badminton player .
Henry Mosler ( June 6 , 1841 - April 21 , 1920 ) , was a professional painter , wood engraver , sketch artist and illustrator who documented American life , including colonial themes , Civil War illustrations , and portraits of men and women of society .
Torstein Horgmo ( born 18 February 1987 ) is a Norwegian professional snowboarder .
Susana Harp Iturribarria ( born April 8 , 1968 ) is a Mexican singer of traditional music .
Darren John Langford is a British actor who is best known for playing the mentally disabled character Spencer Gray in the long - running Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks .
Stevie Williams ( born December 17 , 1979 ) is an African American professional skateboarder and was included in the twenty - seventh position of the `` 30 Most Influential Skaters of All Time '' list that was compiled by Transworld Skateboarding in late-2011 .
Azhar Levi Sianturi is an Indonesian musician and mechanical engineer .
Dylan Kight ( born September 4 , 1984 ) is an American singer - songwriter Known as the `` lost '' record .
Enoch Fitch Burr ( October 21 , 1818 -- May 8 , 1907 ) was a theologian and astronomer who lectured extensively on the relationship between science and religion .
Attila Petschauer ( December 14 , 1904 -- January 30 , 1943 ) was a Jewish Hungarian Olympic champion fencer .
George Bradford Cook ( born May 10 , 1937 ) , also known as G. Bradford Cook and Brad Cook , is an American lawyer who served as chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in 1972 .
John Chester Miller ( 1907 - 1991 ) was a US historian who wrote of the American Revolution and its prominent figures .
Koduri Marakathamani Keeravaani , better known as M. M. Keeravani , is an Indian film music composer and playback singer , who works in Telugu , Tamil , Kannada , Malayalam and Hindi cinema .
Warren Batchelder ( April 18 , 1917 -- February 12 , 2007 ) was an animator on many Warner Bros. and DePatie - Freleng cartoons .
Tomasz Imieliński ( born July 11 , 1954 in Toruń , Poland ) is a Polish - American computer scientist .
John Noltner is an American photographer and peace activist .
Xavier Saint - Just pseud , of Georges Neczpal ( age unknown ) was a 20th - century French artist , painter and illustrator .
Archelaus of Priene ( Greek : Ἀρχέλαος ) was a Greek sculptor who lived close to 300 BC in Priene .
Kamila Nasr is a Canadian singer , composer and multi - instrumentalist based in Beijing , China .
Neva Small is an American actress , singer , and puppeteer .
Zanobi Poggino of Zanobi di Poggino ( 16th century ) was an Italian painter , active as a portrait and historical painter in Florence .
Moloy Ghatak is an Indian politician and the present Minister in charge , Labour and ESI Department in the Government of West Bengal .
Russell Targ ( born April 11 , 1934 ) is an American physicist , parapsychologist and author who is best known for his work on remote viewing .
Cynthia Zarin ( born 1959 ) is an American poet , and magazine editor .
Maria Peszek ( born September 9 , 1973 ) is a Polish singer , songwriter and actress .
Dave Bezold is an American college basketball coach and a former head coach of the men 's basketball team at Northern Kentucky University .
Jabez Lamar Monroe Curry , also known as J. L. M. Curry , ( June 5 , 1825 -- February 12 , 1903 ) was a lawyer , soldier , U.S. Congressman , college professor and administrator , diplomat , and officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Nepomucena Kostecka was the daughter of the comedian actor Fortunat Alojzy Gonzaga Żółkowski ( 1777 - -1822 ) and the half sibling of the actor Alojzy Gonzaga Jazon Żółkowski and sister of the actors brothers Luigi and Lucian Żółkowscy .
Joseph Lawson Hodges , Jr. ( April 10 , 1922 -- March 1 , 2000 ) was a statistician .
Prithvi Zutshi is an Indian film and television character actor who is best known for his television roles of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in Pradhanmantri ( TV Series ) , Apaharan , Sahara One 's Haunted Nights .
Felix A. Toupin ( August 31 , 1886 -- October 7 , 1965 ) , was a lawyer and politician of French Canadian descent .
Donald James Randolph ( March 24 , 1936 -- January 31 , 2015 ) , better known as Don Covay , his stage name , was an American R&B , rock and roll and soul singer and songwriter most active from the 1950s to the 1970s .
Bart Rowland ( born April 11 , 1977 ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 53 since the February 7 , 2012 special election to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative James Comer .
Aloys Wach or Aloys Ludwig Wachelmayr ( sometimes Wachelmeier , April 30 , 1892 -- April 18 , 1940 ) was an Austrian expressionist painter and graphic artist .
Carl Bersch ( 1834 - -1914 ) was an artist who created the only known sketch of President Abraham Lincoln being carried from the Ford Theatre .
Xenophilus ( Greek : Ξενόφιλος ; 4th century BC ) of Chalcidice , was a Pythagorean philosopher and musician , who lived in the first half of the 4th century BC . Aulus Gellius relates that Xenophilus was the intimate friend and teacher of Aristoxenus , and implies that Xenophilus taught him Pythagorean doctrine .
Ragi Edde ( Arabic : راجي إده‎ ; born May 18 , 1985 ) is a Lebanese former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Jonathan Stone ( April 29 , 1823 -- November 26 , 1897 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served on the Common Council , and as the twelfth and last mayor , of Charlestown , Massachusetts ; and on the Revere , Massachusetts , Board of Selectmen .
Rick Mittleman ( April 18 , 1930 -- July 30 , 2014 ) was an American screenwriter known for Bewitched , The Red Skelton Show , and many other TV series .
David Brimmer is an American voice actor and fight choreographer .
Ernesto de la Cárcova ( March 3 , 1866 -- December 28 , 1927 ) was an Argentine painter of the Realist school .
Winnett Boyd ( born October 17 , 1916 ) is a Canadian engineer who made major contributions to the development of the jet engine and nuclear reactor design .
Vida Petrović - Škero ( Serbian : Вида Петровић-Шкеро ) ( born March 15 , 1952 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian Supreme Court judge .
Grace Nono is a Filipino singer , known for her musical style based on traditional Filipino rhythms .
Dennis Rawlins ( born 1937 ) is an American astronomer and historian who has acquired the reputation of skeptic primarily with respect to historical claims connected to astronomical considerations .
Emanuel von Friedrichsthal ( January 12 , 1809 -- March 3 , 1842 ) was an Austrian traveler , daguerreotypist , botanist , and amateur archaeologist , who traveled through the Balkans and in Central America and documented his findings .
Christine Overall FRSC is a Canadian philosopher specialising in feminist theory and applied ethics .
Rudolph Carl Bigalke was a zoologist , a director of the McGregor Museum in Kimberley , South Africa , subsequently heading the Department of nature conservation at the University of Stellenbosch and serving for several terms as Dean of the Faculty of Forestry at that university .
Julien Magnat is a film and television screenwriter and director .
Robert Riley Wallace ( born October 25 , 1941 ) is a retired American basketball coach who was most recently head men 's basketball coach at the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
Sigmund Riefler ( August 9 , 1847 -- October 21 , 1912 ) was a German physicist , inventor and precision clockmaker .
David Tavaré ( born December 20 , 1984 ) is a Spanish singer and House Music DJ .
Isobella Jade ( born September 3 , 1982 ) is an American author , petite model and inspirational speaker and also works in public relations .
Ashwin Balrak ( born May 17 , 1975 ) is a Dutch - Surinamese professional kickboxer and lawyer .
Sydney Ayres ( August 28 , 1879 -- September 9 , 1916 ) was an American silent film actor , director and screenwriter .
Alena Sharp ( born March 7 , 1981 in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada ) is a professional golfer from Canada , currently playing on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour .
William Tudor ( March 28 , 1750 - -July 8 , 1819 ) was a wealthy lawyer and leading citizen of Boston .
Ron Coote AM ( born 1944 ) is an Australian former representative rugby league player whose club career was played with the South Sydney and Eastern Suburbs , both of whom he won premierships with .
Ferdo Delak ( June 29 , 1905 -- January 16 , 1968 ) was a Slovene theater and film director and journalist .
Denisse Alejandra Malebrán Soto , known as Denisse Malebrán ( May 28 , 1976 , Santiago ) , is a Chilean singer , songwriter and vocalist .
Javier Heraud Pérez ( 1942 - 1963 ) was a Peruvian poet and member of the Ejército de Liberación Nacional ( ELN ) .
John Wilde ( 1919 - -2006 , pronounced `` WILL - dee '' ) was a painter , draughtsman and printmaker of fantastic imagery .
Oswald Thompson Allis ( September 9 , 1880 -- January 12 , 1973 ) was an American Presbyterian theologian and Bible scholar .
Jeff Farias is a progressive talk - show radio host and producer .
Greg Hirte is a professional violinist , actor , and composer based out of Chicago , Illinois .
Gardiner Greene Hubbard ( August 25 , 1822 -- December 11 , 1897 ) was a U.S. lawyer , financier , and philanthropist .
Des Lyons ( born 9 June 1938 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edward Earl Terry ( August 22 , 1902 - -May 18 , 1985 ) , known professionally as Tex Terry , was an American film actor who often played a henchman in B - movie Westerns during the 1940s and 50s .
William S. James ( February 14 , 1914 -- April 17 , 1993 ) , called Bill or Billy James by contemporaries , was a politician from the U.S. state of Maryland .
Dr. Jagdish Gupta was a noble poet , Literature writer and critic .
Peter Silver ( born New Haven , Connecticut ) is an early American historian .
Larkin Grimm ( born September 18 , 1981 ) is an American singer - songwriter and musician born in Memphis , Tennessee .
Rômulo Duncan Arantes Filho ( usually Rômulo Arantes ; June 12 , 1957 -- June 10 , 2000 ) was a Brazilian swimmer and actor .
Ashley Nichole Lomberger ( née Simmons and formerly Cabot ; born February 5 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under the ring name Madison Rayne .
Ian Llord ( born June 9 , 1985 in St. Catharines , Ontario ) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Six Nations Chiefs of Major Series Lacrosse .
Larry Bishop ( born November 30 , 1948 ) is an American actor , screenwriter and movie director .
Jeffrey Schiff is an artist working in Brooklyn , New York .
Cesáreo Gabaráin ( April 30 , 1936 -- April 20 , 1991 ) was a Spanish priest and composer of liturgical songs such as Pescador de hombres ( Fisher of Men ) .
Martin Nodell ( November 15 , 1915 -- December 9 , 2006 ) was an American cartoonist and commercial artist , best known as the creator of the Golden Age superhero Green Lantern .
Ligia Barrios , better known as Lya Barrioz , is a Nicaraguan singer , producer , actress and an environmentalism activist , co - founder of S.O.S. BOSAWAS ( a green movement that advocates for one of the world 's most important biosphere reserves : Bosawás , located in Nicaragua ) .
Charles F. McMillan is an American nuclear physicist and is the 10th director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory .
Juan Eduardo de Urraza , aka `` Jeu Azarru '' , ( born September 2 , 1974 ) is a Latin American writer of science - fiction , fantasy and poetry .
James Waddel Alexander ( March 13 , 1804 -- July 31 , 1859 ) was an American Presbyterian minister and theologian who followed in the footsteps of his father , Rev. Archibald Alexander .
Olga Segura also founded the production company Producciones a Ciegas , along with fellow actor and friend Héctor Jiménez .
Laurence Steinberg is an American university professor of psychology , specializing in child and adolescent psychological development .
Banda Kanakalingeshwara Rao B.L. ( Telugu : బందా కనకలింగేశ్వరరావు ) ( January 20 , 1907 - December 3 , 1968 ) was famous Telugu drama and film actor .
Karla Höcker 's father Paul Oskar Höcker was already a best - selling author when Karla was born , in Charlottenburg .
Claire Simpson is a British film editor whose work has been honored with an Academy Award ( for Oliver Stone 's Platoon ) and a BAFTA Film Award for Best Editing for The Constant Gardener .
Dia Frampton ( born October 2 , 1987 ) , is an American singer - songwriter and was the lead singer of the band Meg & Dia .
Kelly Williamson ( née Handel , born December 5 , 1977 ) is an American triathlete who races in non - drafting , long - course events .
Tasya van Ree ( April 30 , 1976 ) is an American artist and photographer .
Alhaji Mohamed Kemoh Fadika ( born in Bo , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat and the current Sierra Leone 's ambassador to Iran .
Jeremy Luke ( born March 23 , 1977 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles in Jersey Shore Shark Attack , Don Jon and as Mickey Cohen in the TNT series Mob City .
Fiona Hayes ( b. September 13 , 1982 ) is an Irish rugby union player .
Mark Bayes ( born 15 March 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans in the Victorian / Australian Football League .
Steve Veriato ( born May 6 , 1946 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour , Asian Tour , Canadian Tour , and Champions Tour where he won once .
Eugen Siebecke was a German politician and member of the SPD .
Chang Chun - hsiung ( traditional Chinese : 張俊雄 ; simplified Chinese : 张俊雄 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jùnxióng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tiuⁿ Chùn - hiông ) , born March 23 , 1938 is a Taiwanese politician .
John Knox Blair ( September 19 , 1873 -- November 11 , 1950 ) was a Canadian politician , physician and teacher .
He was an engineer by trade and at some point in his adult life , inherited the title 4th Baron Bliss of the Kingdom of Portugal from an ancestor named Sir John Moore .
Hélène Brodeur ( July 13 , 1923 -- August 15 , 2010 ) was a Franco - Ontarian educator , journalist and writer .
Diamanda Galás ( born August 29 , 1955 ) is an American avant - garde composer , vocalist , pianist , organist , performance artist , and painter .
Tori Sparks ( born December 5 , 1983 ) is an American singer - songwriter known for her unconventional lyrics and her blending of folk , rock , and blues influences .
Harvey Slocum ( October 23 , 1887 - November 11 , 1961 ) was an American civil engineer and dam - building expert , known primarily for his part in the construction of Grand Coulee Dam in the United States and the Bhakra Dam in India .
Connie Bruck is an award - winning American journalist and a reporter on subjects covering business and politics .
David Holliday ( August 4 , 1937 -- March 26 , 1999 ) was an American Broadway actor and television voice actor .
Igor Raykhelson ( Russian : Игорь Райхельсон ; born 24 April 1961 in Leningrad ) is a Russian born American classical and jazz pianist and composer .
P. Ramdas ( 1933 - -2014 ) was an Indian film director and screenwriter best known for his film Newspaper Boy which was influenced by Italian neorealism .
Wolfgang Kraushaar ( born 2 September 1948 ) is a political scientist and historian at the Hamburger Institut für Sozialforschung .
Joseph Ulysse Edgar Rochette ( April 28 , 1890 -- June 15 , 1953 ) was a Canadian lawyer , judge , and provincial politician .
A. Hays Town ( June 17 , 1903 -- January 6 , 2005 ) was an American architect whose career spanned over sixty - five years .
Tamela D'Amico is an American jazz singer , actress , and filmmaker .
Robert Kennicott ( November 13 , 1835 -- May 13 , 1866 ) was an American naturalist and herpetologist .
Thomas Alan Greene , known as Tom Greene ( born September 7 , 1948 ) , is a veterinarian and rancher from Maringouin in Iberville Parish , Louisiana , who served in the Louisiana State Senate from 1992 to 2000 .
Kathrin Haacker ( born April 3 , 1967 in Wismar ) is a German former rower , who competed for SC Dynamo Berlin .
Matti Kovler ( born September 14 , 1980 ) ( Hebrew : מתי קובלר‎ ) is a Russian - born Israeli - American composer , creator of new music theatre works , and the executive and artistic director of Floating Tower .
Frédéric Lagrange is a fashion , travel , portrait , and lifestyle photographer .
Frank Shepard Fairey ( born February 15 , 1970 ) is an American contemporary street artist , graphic designer , activist , illustrator and founder of OBEY ( clothing ) who emerged from the skateboarding scene .
Zil - e - Huma Usman ( September 16 , 1971 -- February 20 , 2007 ) was a Pakistani politician and activist for women 's rights .
William Shakespeare Hays ( July 19 , 1837 -- July 23 , 1907 ) , was an American poet and lyricist .
Doretta Morrow ( January 27 , 1927 -- February 28 , 1968 ) was an American actress , singer , and dancer who appeared in stage and television productions during the 1940s and 1950s .
Eduard Prugovečki ( March 19 , 1937 -- October 13 , 2003 ) was a Canadian physicist and mathematician of Croatian - Romanian descent .
Mohammad Nadeem Khan ( Urdu : محمد ندیم خان‎ ; born December 10 , 1969 , Rawalpindi , Punjab ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 2 Tests and 2 ODIs from 1993 to 1999 .
Karl Wallenda ( January 21 , 1905 -- March 22 , 1978 ) was a German - American high wire artist and founder of The Flying Wallendas , a daredevil circus act which performed dangerous stunts , often without a safety net .
Jiang Guangtao ( simplified Chinese : 姜广涛 ; traditional Chinese : 姜廣濤 ; pinyin : Jiāng Guǎngtāo ) is a Chinese actor , voice actor and dubbing director of Mainland China , dubbing and directing foreign content in the Mandarin Chinese format .
Faustus of Byzantium ( also Faustus the Byzantine , Armenian : Փավստոս Բուզանդ , P’avstos Buzand ) was an Armenian historian of the 5th century .
Alter Chanoch Henoch Leibowitz ( c. 1918 -- April 15 , 2008 ) was an Orthodox rabbi who was rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Rabbeinu Yisrael Meir HaKohen , which was founded by his father Rabbi Dovid Leibowitz in 1933 .
Maxwell Lewis Rafferty , Jr. , known as Max Rafferty ( May 1917 -- June 13 , 1982 ) , was a writer , educator , and politician .
Benjamin Kanes ( born March 25 , 1977 ) is an American actor , screenwriter , film director and producer .
Pamela Jain ( Bengali : পামেলা জৈন ) is a Hindi singer .
Lukia Isanga Nakadama , sometimes written Rukia Isanga Nakadama , is a Ugandan businesswoman , educator and politician .
Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky ( Russian : Эдуард Андреевич Крушевский ) - was a Russian conductor and composer .
Aleksander Bychowiec of Mogiła ( Russian : Александр Иосифович Биховец ) was a Russian - Polish noble and an amateur historian of the Russian Empire from the Grodno Governorate .
Mimi Hwang is an American cellist and a winner of both the Banff and the Evian International String Quartet Competitions .
Madhushree ( born Sujata Bhattacharya ) is an Indian singer , who sings in Hindi , Tamil , Telugu and Kannada films .
David Michael Petrou is a film producer , author and communications executive .
Zhaoming Wu is a Chinese - born painter .
David Tod ( February 21 , 1805 -- November 13 , 1868 ) was a politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Ohio .
Ludlow Griscom ( June 17 , 1890 -- May 28 , 1959 ) was an American ornithologist known as a pioneer in field ornithology .
Jean - Paul Bruneteau is a French - Australian chef and author who is credited with playing a pioneering role in the development of an authentic Australian cuisine based on indigenous ingredients .
Tony Tarracino ( August 10 , 1916 -- November 1 , 2008 ) , commonly called Captain Tony , was an American saloonkeeper , boat captain , politician , gambler , and storyteller in Key West , Florida .
Russell Burn is a Scottish musician and drummer , formerly known from the post punk band The Fire Engines , and WIN with Davy Henderson .
Davit Kezerashvili ( Georgian : დავით კეზერაშვილი ) ( born September 22 , 1978 ) is a Georgian politician , who from November 10 , 2006 to December 5 , 2008 was the country 's Minister of Defense .
Antenor ( Greek : Ἀντήνωρ , Antḗnōr ; fl . c. 540 -- c. 500 BC ) was an Athenian sculptor .
Günther Porod ( 1919 in Faak am See near Villach -- 1984 in Graz ) was an Austrian physicist .
Kyle Tress ( born May 29 , 1981 ) is an American Olympic skeleton racer who has competed since 2002 .
Tod Ohnstad ( born May 21 , 1952 ) is an American labor union official , machinist , and politician .
Wu Shaozu ( Simplified Chinese : 伍绍祖 , April 1939 -- September 18 , 2012 ) was a Chinese politician and a major general of the People 's Liberation Army .
Kaui Hart Hemmings is an American writer who was born and raised in Hawaii .
William Warren Lynch ( September 30 , 1845 -- November 23 , 1916 ) was a Canadian lawyer , politician , and judge in the province of Quebec .
Count Johan August Sandels ( August 31 , 1764 -- January 22 , 1831 ) was a Swedish soldier and politician , being appointed Governor of Norway ( Riksståthållare in Swedish , Rigsstatholder in Dano - Norwegian ) 1818 and Field Marshal in 1824 .
Paul Sarebresole ( May 1875 - October 3 , 1911 ) was an early composer of ragtime music .
Marilyn More is a retired Canadian educator and politician from Nova Scotia .
Andrea D'Antoni ( 1811 in Palermo , Sicily -- 1868 ) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassical period .
Alberto Siliotti is a scientific journalist , writer and photographer .
Bruce Gowers is an English television director and producer , best known for work on large - scale live music and event productions .
David Parton ( born David Eric Stanley Parton ) is an English singer - songwriter and record producer from Newcastle Under Lyme , Staffordshire , England .
Gianmatteo Fernan Guidicelli , better known as Matteo Guidicelli ( born March 26 , 1990 ) , is a Filipino - Italian actor , model , racer and singer .
Field Days is the performing and recording name of Patrick Damphier ( born December 20 , 1981 ) , an American singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and producer .
Hamish Moore is a Scottish musician and bagpipe maker .
Ronald Caltabiano ( born December 7 , 1959 ) is an American arts administrator and composer of contemporary classical music , with his music showing elements of modernism and romanticism .
Jack Shackelford ( March 20 , 1790 -- January 22 , 1857 ) was an American doctor , politician and soldier .
Samuel Langhorne Clemens ( November 30 , 1835 -- April 21 , 1910 ) , better known by his pen name Mark Twain , was an American author and humorist .
Rahul Pandita ( Hindi pronunciation : ( raːɦʊl pŋɖɪt̪aː ) ) is a well - known Indian author and journalist .
Petra Němcová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpɛtra ˈɲɛmt͡sovaː ) ; born June 24 , 1979 ) is a Czech model , television host , and philanthropist , who founded and chairs the Happy Hearts Fund .
Dr. Anastase Gasana ( born August 5 , 1950 in Gikomero , near Kigali , Rwanda ) is a Rwandan political figure and diplomat .
Melinda Széky - Sztrémi ( née Sztrémi ; born March 16 , 1958 ) is a Hungarian educator and politician , mayor of Salgótarján from 2006 to 2014 and also member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Salgótarján ( Nógrád County Constituency I ) between 2010 and 2014 .
Kim Carnes ( born July 20 , 1945 ) is a two - time Grammy Award winning American singer - songwriter .
Jorge Santiago Rodrigues ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʒɔʁʒi sɐ̃tʃiˈaɡu ) ; born October 9 , 1980 ) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist .
Vinnie Mele ( born as Vincenzo Seraphino Mele , February 17 , 1977 ) is an American singer , actor , composer , and instrumentalist .
Luis Alberto Sucre , a member of the Sucre family , was a well - known Venezuelan historian .
Cho Jae - hyun ( born June 30 , 1965 ) is a South Korean film , stage , and TV actor .
Louisa Young is a British novelist , short - story writer , biographer and journalist .
Sean Faircloth is an American writer and politician from Maine .
Robert William Hughes ( January 16 , 1821 -- December 10 , 1901 ) was a Virginia newspaperman , lawyer , and federal judge .
Brian Keane ( born 1953 ) is an American composer , music producer , musician and guitarist .
René Cardona Jr. ( 1939 - 2003 ) was a prolific Mexican filmmaker and actor , son of well - known Mexican director René Cardona , and the father of Rene Cardona III ( also an actor / director ) .
Erika Figge ( born January 9 , 1985 in Orange , California ) is a water polo player from the United States , playing as an attacker .
Jagannath Rao ( 10 December 1909 ) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress he was elected in 1957,1962,1967,1971,1977,1980 and 1984 from Berhampur in Odisha to the Lower House of the Indian Parliament the Lok Sabha .
Chaima Trabelsi ( born in March 11 , 1982 ) is a Tunisian racewalker .
Damian Rice is an Australian actor who has appeared in various Australian drama series , including GP , Fire , All Saints and Blue Heelers .
Michael Kanin ( February 1 , 1910 -- March 12 , 1993 ) was an American director , producer , playwright and screenwriter who shared an Academy Award with Ring Lardner Jr. in 1942 for writing the Katharine Hepburn - Spencer Tracy film comedy Woman of the Year .
James Lynn Strait ( August 7 , 1968 -- December 11 , 1998 ) was the lead singer and lyricist for the rock band Snot .
Pat Silver - Lasky is an American actress , screenwriter , and writer , mostly known for her collaborations with her second husband Jesse Lasky Jr.
Viveka Eriksson or Viveca Eriksson ( born August 18 , 1956 ) is a politician on the autonomous Åland Islands and the former Premier of Åland from 2007 to 2011 .
Robert Hürlimann is a Swiss curler .
Mike Piersante is a recording engineer and mixer .
Kim Sang - bum ( Hangul : 김상범 ; hanja : 金尚汎 ; born July 7 , 1989 ) , known by the stage name Kim Bum , is a South Korean actor , dancer , singer and model .
Antonio Carozza , ( born July 5 , 1985 ) , better known as Antonello Carozza , is an Italian singer , songwriter , composer , record producer , pianist and vocal coach .
Jose de Rivera ( September 18 , 1904 Baton Rouge , Louisiana - March 12 , 1985 New York City ) was an American abstract sculptor .
Paul Lapinski is an audio engineer who specializes in engineering , water polo , mixing , producing and mastering .
Phyllis Bramson ( born in Madison , Wisconsin , United States ) is an American painter .
Robert Toth ( born 1969 ) is a Swedish illustrator and cartoonist .
Albert Nelson Marquis ( January 10 , 1855 - December 21 , 1943 ) was a Chicago publisher best known for creating the Who 's Who book series , starting with Who 's Who in America which was first published in 1899 .
Zvi Hecker ( Hebrew : צבי הקר‎ ; born May 31 , 1931 ) is a Polish - born Israeli architect .
France Rode ( November 20 , 1934 in Nožice , Slovenia ) is an engineer and inventor best known for his work on the HP-35 pocket calculator .
Joseph Giunta ( 1911 - -2001 ) was a Canadian painter whose career spanned over 70 years .
Marcian of Heraclea ( Ancient Greek : Μαρκιανός Ηρακλειώτης ; Latin : Marcianus Heracleensis ; fl . c. 4th century AD ) was a Late Antiquity minor Greek geographer from Heraclea Pontica .
Andrew Hughes , better known as Semothy Jones or Sem for short , is an English songwriter and record producer from Islington , London .
George Alan Rekers ( born July 11 , 1948 ) is an American psychologist and ordained Southern Baptist minister .
Joseph G. Gavin Jr. ( September 18 , 1920 -- October 30 , 2010 ) was an American engineer responsible for the development of the lunar module used in the Apollo program , as well as president , chief operating officer and chairman of the executive committee of the Grumman Corporation .
Rintu Roy is a List A cricketer from Bangladesh who played 4 matches for Sylhet Division in 2001/02 .
Pedro Zayas , known as Peedi Peedi and also Peedi Crakk ( born September 25 , 1977 ) is an American rapper of Puerto Rican descent .
Arthur Lange ( April 16 , 1889 -- December 7 , 1956 ) was a United States bandleader and Tin Pan Alley composer of popular music .
Heinz Schildan is a German ice hockey player , who competed for SG Dynamo Weißwasser .
Amy Hart is a Chicago - born singer - songwriter who currently resides in Nashville .
Tonny Zwollo ( born 1942 ) is a Dutch architect who has worked since 1964 in the Americas .
Sang Yoon is a restaurateur , chef and the owner of the Father 's Office gastropub , and the chef / owner of Lukshon Restaurant .
Hwang Jang - yop ( Hangŭl : 황장엽 ; February 17 , 1923 -- October 10 , 2010 ) was a North Korean politician who defected to South Korea in 1997 , best known for being , to date , the highest - ranking North Korean defector .
Giovanni Miegge ( 1900 - -1961 ) was an Italian Protestant theologian and author on religious issues .
Clair Cameron Patterson ( June 2 , 1922 -- December 5 , 1995 ) was an American geochemist .
La Mazille ( born Andrée Maze , 1891 - -1984 ) was a French writer , best remembered for being the author of the cookbook La Bonne Cuisine du Périgord .
Francis Bertody Sumner ( 1874 - -1945 ) was an American ichthyologist , zoologist and writer .
Miriam O'Brien Underhill ( 1898 - 1976 ) was an American mountaineer , environmentalist and feminist , best known for the concept of `` manless climbing '' - organizing all - women 's ascents of challenging climbs , mostly in the Alps .
Eric Calcagno y Maillmann ( born April 9 , 1967 ) is an Argentine sociologist , journalist , diplomat and politician .
Melissa Pasut is a dancer and choreographer specializing in contemporary dance , with particular focus on contact improvisation among dancers and the inclusion of musicians onstage as active participants in the movement .
Basil L. Plumley ( January 1 , 1920 -- October 10 , 2012 ) was a career soldier and airborne combat infantryman in the United States Army who eventually achieved the rank of Command Sergeant Major .
Robert Hicks , better known as Barbecue Bob ( September 11 , 1902 -- October 21 , 1931 ) was an early American Piedmont blues musician .
Francesco Solimena ( October 4 , 1657 -- April 3 , 1747 ) was a prolific Italian painter of the Baroque era , one of an established family of painters and draughtsmen .
Frank Marlowe , also known as Frank Riggi and Frank Marlo ( January 20 , 1904 -- March 30 , 1964 ) was an American character actor from the 1930s until the 1960s .
Johann Adalbert Angermeyer ( 1674 -- 1740 ) , was a Bohemian ( German - Czech ) painter .
Katherine Milhous ( 1894 - -1977 ) was an American artist , illustrator , and writer .
Jamie Thompson ( stage name : J'aime Tambeur ) is a Canadian musician who has been the drummer for several Canadian bands , including Islands and Th ' Corn Gangg .
George Taliaferro Ward ( 1810 -- May 5 , 1862 ) was a cotton plantation owner and politician from Leon County , Florida .
Al Hoffman ( September 25 , 1902 -- July 21 , 1960 ) was an American song composer .
Ingrid Bolsø Berdal ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈɪŋrɪ ˈbʊlsøː ˈbæɖɑl ) ; born 2 March 1980 ) is a Norwegian actress , singer , and film producer .
Arturo Rosenblueth Stearns ( October 2 , 1900 -- September 20 , 1970 ) was a Mexican researcher , physician and physiologist , who is known as one of the pioneers of cybernetics .
Kevyn Major Howard is a Canadian actor best known for his role as `` Rafterman '' in Stanley Kubrick 's Full Metal Jacket and as The A - Team 's complex anti - hero , Marcus .
Joseph F. Bruno ( born circa 1944 ) is a public official in New York City who has served as a lawyer , Fire Commissioner , New York City Civil Court Judge and New York State Supreme Court Judge .
Anthony Reynard Watson , a native of Mobile , Alabama , is an American soul singer , who toured and recorded ( off and on ) with The Chi - Lites in the late 1980s and 1990s .
Franz Xaver Süssmayr ( German : Franz Xaver Süßmayr ; sometimes written in English as Suessmayr ; 1766 -- September 17 , 1803 ) was an Austrian composer , most famous for his completion of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's Requiem .
Eric Fructuoso ( born Frederick John Marco Magdaluyo Fructuoso on March 31 , 1977 ) is a Filipino actor and former hip hop dancer .
William Cranch Bond ( September 9 , 1789 -- January 29 , 1859 ) was an American astronomer , and the first director of Harvard College Observatory .
Norodom Rattana Devi ( born June 18 , 1974 ) is a Cambodian princess and politician .
Michael Okuda is an American graphic designer best known for his work on Star Trek .
Matt McCorkle is an American audio engineer , mix engineer and sound designer based out of New York City .
Errol Francis , better known as DJ Dextrous , and also as Dextrous or Dex , is a British composer and producer .
Hamza Dirani حمزة ديراني ( born in Amman , August 16 , 1982 ) is a Jordanian race car and kart racing driver .
Antônio Lomanto Júnior , widely known as Lomanto Júnior , ( November 29 , 1924 -- November 23 , 2015 ) was a Brazilian politician .
Nicolae Rosetti - Bălănescu ( December 6 , 1827 -- May 11 , 1884 ) was a lawyer and Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Principality of Romania from August 29 , 1863 until October 29 , 1865 .
Frankie Manning ( May 26 , 1914 -- April 27 , 2009 ) was an American dancer , instructor and choreographer .
Jennie Loitman Barron ( October 12 , 1891 -- March 28 , 1969 ) was an American suffragist , lawyer , and judge .
Reuben Gronau ( born 1937 ) is an Israeli American economist , notable for his contributions to labour economics and economic sociology , in particular the Gronau model of time allocation and home production .
Edward Monroe Freeman ( February 12 , 1875 -- February 5 , 1954 ) was an American botanist , born at St. Paul .
Guy Edward Hearn ( September 6 , 1888 -- April 15 , 1963 ) was an American actor who , in a forty - year film career , starting in 1915 , played hundreds of roles , starting with juvenile leads , then , briefly , as leading man , all during the silent era .
Devendra Chougule is a Marathi actor , who has acted in numerous Marathi dramas , movies and television serials for over 9 years .
Fitz - Greene Halleck ( July 8 , 1790 -- November 19 , 1867 ) was an American poet notable for his satires and as one of the Knickerbocker Group .
Friedrich Heinrich Wiggers ( March 15 , 1746 -- March 3 , 1811 ) was a German botanist who wrote a flora of Holstein in 1780 .
Yoon Jung - soo ( Hangul : 윤정수 ; born February 8 , 1972 ) is a South Korean comedian .
Eve Queler ( born January 11 , 1931 ) is an American conductor and the emerita Artistic Director of the Opera Orchestra of New York ( OONY ) .
Emilio Buale Coka ( born November 26 , 1972 ) is an Equatorial Guinean - Spanish actor of Bubi descent .
Barlow Der Mugrdechian is a historian and lecturer of Armenian studies at California State University , Fresno , where he teaches Armenian language , literature , history and culture courses .
Louise Katz is an Australian writer of fantasy and young - adult fiction .
John W. Olsen , Ph.D. is an American archaeologist specializing in the early Stone Age prehistory and Pleistocene paleoecology of eastern Eurasia .
Karen Tso ( born 13 September ) is an Australian television journalist and anchor at CNBC Europe .
John Costelloe ( c. 1900 -- date of death unknown ) was an Irish shopkeeper and Fianna Fáil politician who served for two years as a member of the 10th Seanad Éireann .
P. Madhavan is a Tamil film director and film producer in Tamil cinema in 1960s and 1970s .
Alfreda Benge is a lyricist and illustrator .
Movlud Miraliyev ( born February 27 , 1974 in Kitob , Qashqadaryo Province , Uzbekistan ) is a retired Azerbaijani judoka .
Salomon Juan Marcos Issa , ( July 5 , 1948 ; Torreón , Coahuila ) is a Mexican politician .
Billie Jo Spears ( born Billie Jean Spears , January 14 , 1937 -- December 14 , 2011 ) was an American country music singer .
Dick Dale ( born Richard Anthony Monsour on May 4 , 1937 ) is an American surf rock guitarist , known as The King of the Surf Guitar .
Sandra Gouverneur ( born October 2 , 1976 in Heerhugowaard , North Holland ) is a Dutch softball player , who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Julia Allison formerly Julia Allison Baugher ( born February 28 , 1981 ) is an American journalist , television commentator , public speaker and former BRAVO star .
Shannon Bream ( born Shannon Noelle DePuy ; December 23 , 1970 ) is an American journalist for the Fox News Channel .
Bill Stern ( July 1 , 1907 -- November 19 , 1971 ) was a U.S. actor and sportscaster who announced the nation 's first remote sports broadcast and the first telecast of a baseball game .
Paul Glancey is a video game producer and former journalist in the United Kingdom .
Albert Christopher Ladesich ( September 7 , 1918 -- March 3 , 1995 ) , better known as Al Christy , was an American actor , advertising executive , and radio and television announcer .
General James Watson Webb ( February 8 , 1802 -- June 7 , 1884 ) was a United States diplomat , newspaper publisher and a New York politician in the Whig and Republican parties .
Susan Paddack is a Democratic politician and former educator in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Roch La Salle , PC ( August 6 , 1928 -- August 20 , 2007 ) was a Canadian politician who served in the province of Quebec .
Alfredo Fuentes Hernández is a Colombian diplomat , lawyer and economist .
Paul Krassner ( born April 9 , 1932 ) is an American author , journalist , comedian , and the founder , editor and a frequent contributor to the freethought magazine The Realist , first published in 1958 .
Ernesto Balmaceda Bello ( 1887 -- February 24 , 1906 ) was a Chilean diplomat , who was murdered in Belgium in a celebrated case that came to define diplomatic privileges and immunities for the retinue and families of diplomatic staff .
Robert Harworth or Fuyster ( fl . 1388 - 1401 ) , of Lincoln , was an English politician .
Katharine Kuh ( née Woolf ) ( 1904 - -1994 ) was an art historian , curator , critic , and dealer from Chicago , Illinois .
Fahir Atakoğlu ( Turkish pronunciation : ( faːˈhiɾ ˈatakoːɫu ) ) is a Turkish pianist and composer who has worked with a wide range of artists across many genres of music , ranging in style from symphonic scoring to advertising jingles .
Friedrich Wilhelm Quintscher ( October 3 , 1883 -- May 8 , 1945 ) , better known under his self - assumed name Rah Omir Quintscher , was a notable German member of the Neopagan religion of Adonism , as well as being a noted occultist and ceremonial magician .
John Michael Manos ( December 8 , 1922 -- July 6 , 2006 ) was a United States federal judge for 30 years .
Bruce Elliot Tapper ( born in the USA ) is a Telugu anthropologist and writer .
Ibrahim Gashi ( born 6 April 1963 in Lapušnik village in Drenas Kosovo ) is an Kosovar Albanian academic and philosopher .
Pamela Romanowsky is a film director and screenwriter best known for her 2015 film The Adderall Diaries , an adaptation of Stephen Elliot 's memoir of the same name .
John Womack Jr. ( born 1937 ) is an historian of Latin America , particularly of Mexico , the Mexican Revolution ( 1910 - -1921 ) and Emiliano Zapata .
Luís Miguel Loureiro is a Portuguese state television ( Rádio e Televisão de Portugal ) journalist and media researcher at the University of Minho in Braga .
Tabu Ram Taid ( Assamese : টাবু ৰাম টাইড , Hindi : टाबु राम टाइड ) known as ' Tabu Taid ' , is an Indian educationist , linguist , author and administrator .
Maira Khan is a Pakistani television actress , film actress , model and former VJ .
Ramakrishnan , better known by his stage name Ramki , is an Indian film actor best known for his work in Tamil films as a lead actor from 1987 to 1997 .
Godfrey Ho used an American actor Richard Harrison extensively as the lead role in many of his films .
Killa Sin has been in - and - out of prison for the better part of his career and has been linked to several violent incidents within the hip - hop community including one in which rapper Mase left with a broken jaw and another where associates of 50 Cent were robbed .
John Boese , AIA , ( pronounced BOW - SE ) was a minor American architect practicing in New York City in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century .
George Earth ( born July 3 , 1966 ) is an American musician , guitarist , songwriter , composer , music producer , comic book artist , and talk show host from Echo Park , California .
The Opening Bell on Fox Business was an American business news program airing on the Fox Business Network at 9:00am Eastern Time and was hosted by Alexis Glick until December 23 , 2009 .
Bringing Up Buddy is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS during the 1960 - -1961 season .
Amish in the City is an American reality television series which premiered on UPN on July 28 , 2004 .
Sons of Guns is a reality television series that aired on the Discovery Channel between 2011 and 2014 .
Morning Becomes Eclectic ( MBE ) is a three - hour adult album alternative radio program first aired in 1977 and broadcast live every weekday from KCRW in Santa Monica , California .
Basta Sports is an informative sports program created by the ABS - CBN Foundation and airs weekly on ABS - CBN .
The Dutch Top 40 is one of the three official charts in the Netherlands , the other two being the Single Top 100 , which is based entirely on sales and streaming and the Mega Top 50 ( 3FM ) which , like the Dutch Top 40 also includes airplay data .
Tomasa Tequiero ( I Love Tomasa ) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced and aired on Venevisión between 2009 and 2010 .
`` Hi Hi Puffy Club '' , more accurately titled `` Hi Hi Puffy Bu '' ( Hi Hi Puffy 部 Hi Hi Puffy Kurabu ) is Puffy AmiYumi 's reality television series , which premiered on TV Asahi on 22 July 2007 .
Shel Mi HaShura HaZot ? ( Hebrew : של מי השורה הזאת‎ , lit . Whose Line Is It ? ) is an Israeli version of the British improvisational comedy TV show Whose Line Is It Anyway ? , which aired from 2000 to 2001 on Channel 2 and from 2006 to 2007 on Channel 10 .
ITV News London is a regional news programme for the ITV London region ( previously Carlton / LWT ) , produced by ITN .
The Real L Word is an American reality television series aired on the cable station Showtime , where it premiered on June 20 , 2010 .
Masters of Sex is an American period drama television series that premiered on September 29 , 2013 , on Showtime .
Gamer 's Guide to Pretty Much Everything is a live - action comedy series created by Devin Bunje and Nick Stanton , and produced by Devin Bunje , Nick Stanton , and Jim O'Doherty for Disney XD .
Justice League Unlimited ( JLU ) is an American animated television series that was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and aired on Cartoon Network .
Top of the Pops 2 ( also known as TOTP2 ) is a British television music show broadcast on BBC Two , showing archive footage from the long - running Top of the Pops show , some dating back to the 1960s when the programme first aired on British television .
The Rockford Files is an American television drama series starring James Garner that aired on the NBC network between 1974 to 1980 and has remained in syndication to the present day .
TV Nation is a satirical newsmagazine television series written , directed and hosted by Michael Moore that was co - funded and originally broadcast by NBC in the United States and BBC2 in the United Kingdom .
Office Monkey was a British Hidden Camera Comedy programme that aired on ITV2 for 2 series .
Yasmin 's Getting Married was a short - lived Australian reality television program that aired live on Network Ten in early August 2006 .
America Undercover is a series of documentaries that airs on the cable television network HBO .
Not Necessarily the News is a satirical sketch comedy series that first aired on HBO in September 1982 as a comedy special , and then ran as a series from 1983 to 1990 .
Raising the Roofs is a 2006 reality television show on Spike TV , following the life of aspiring actor Michael Roof , and the misadventures of his self described Florida cracker dad and uncle , in Hollywood , California .
Atlanta Exes is an American reality documentary television series on VH1 that premiered on August 18 , 2014 .
The Cool Stuff Collective is a British children 's television programme , which was produced for three series that aired on the ITV Network and CITV respectively from 13 September 2010 to 24 December 2011 .
Canal de las Estrellas aired the series from February 28 to August 26 , 2011 , Univision aired 2 hours of Ni contigo ni sin ti from October 18 to October 28 , 2011 , and then it aired in 1 hour from October 31 , 2011 to April 6 , 2012 at 2pm/1c .
P.S. I Luv U is an American crime drama series that aired on CBS as a part of its 1991 - 92 schedule .
Dead Boss is a British sitcom shown on BBC Three .
Penthouse Party is a TV variety series which aired on American Broadcasting Company in 1950 and 1951 .
Mr. Dressup was developed and produced by Daniel McCarthy , who later became the head of children 's programming for CBC Television .
Knightmare is a British television programme for children and was broadcast on CITV from 7 September 1987 to 11 November 1994 .
The Big Surprise is a television quiz show broadcast in the United States by NBC from October 8 , 1955 , to June 9 , 1956 , and from September 18 , 1956 , to April 2 , 1957 .
La ley del silencio is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo in 2003 .
AJ 's Infinite Summer is an animated television pilot created by Toby Jones for Cartoon Network .
Music From Chicago was a program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from WGN - TV in Chicago on Sundays .
We Have Ways of Making You Laugh was a comedic television series produced by Humphrey Barclay and directed by Bill Turner for London Weekend Television .
Flor do Caribe ( English : Caribbean Flower ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo originally ran from March 11 to September 19 , 2013 .
Colonel Humphrey Flack is an American sitcom which ran Wednesdays at 9 pm ET from October 7 , 1953 to July 2 , 1954 on the DuMont Television Network , then revived from 1958 to 1959 for first - run syndication .
Leptopilina is a genus of parasitoid wasp in the family Figitidae .
Pseudomelatomidae is a family of predatory sea snails , marine gastropods included in the superfamily Conoidea ( previously Conacea ) and part of the Neogastropoda ( Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Dracoglossum was originally treated in Tectaria , but is not related and was therefore described in family Dryopteridaceae .
Weintrauboa is a spider genus of the small Pimoidae family .
The Anchieta 's ridged frog or plain grass frog ( Ptychadena anchietae ) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family .
The Punta de Vacas chinchilla rat ( Abrocoma vaccarum ) , also known as the Mendozan chinchilla rat , is a species of chinchilla rats in the family Abrocomidae .
Sapranthus is a genus of flowering woody plants in the family Annonaceae .
While other genera from the family Palaemonidae are known from the Aptian age in the lower Cretaceous period , Yongjiacaris represents the first member described from the Barremian age .
Maurandella is an obsolete genus of flowering plants in the plantain family , Plantaginaceae .
The Afep pigeon ( Columba unicincta ) , also known as the African wood - pigeon or gray wood - pigeon , is a member of the family Columbidae which lives in Africa .
The Coosa rocksnail , scientific name †Leptoxis showalterii , also known as the `` ribbed rocksnail '' , was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
The Hildebrandt 's francolin ( Pternistis hildebrandti ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Pacifichelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene of Peru and California .
Jaimehintonia is a genus of plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Brodiaeoideae , first described in 1993 .
Callionymus grossi , Gross 's stinkfish , is a species of dragonet found in the waters off of northwestern Australia .
Verticordiidae is a taxonomic family of very small saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pholadomyoida .
Wright 's sportive lemur ( Lepilemur wrightae ) , or the Kalambatritra sportive lemur , is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Tricuspes is an extinct genus of cynodont that lived in what would be Europe during the Triassic from 203.6 - -199.6 mya , existing for approximately 4 million years .
Oenococcus is a genus of Gram - positive bacteria , placed within the family Leuconostocaceae .
The Society parakeet ( Cyanoramphus ulietanus ) , also known as the Society kakariki or brown - headed parakeet , is an extinct parakeet of the genus Cyanoramphus .
The New Guinea big - eared bat ( Pharotis imogene ) is a vesper bat endemic to Papua New Guinea .
The Gran Canaria giant rat ( Canariomys tamarani ) is an extinct species of rat endemic to the island of Gran Canaria ( Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Kohekohe ( Dysoxylum spectabile ) is a medium - sized tree native to New Zealand .
The Levant water frog ( Pelophylax bedriagae ) , formerly belonging to the genus Rana , is a southern European species of frog .
The Pyrenean desman ( Galemys pyrenaicus ) is a small semiaquatic nocturnal mammal related to moles and shrews , and is one of only two surviving species of the tribe Desmanini .
Apium ( including celery and the marshworts ) is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae , with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Europe , Asia , Africa , South America and Australia .
Stenanthium is a North American genus of flowering plants in the family Melanthiaceae , tribe Melanthieae .
Cephetola sublustris , the Greasy Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
The Fort Maguire aulonocara ( Aulonocara hansbaenschi ) , also known as Aulonocara ' Fort Maguire ' in the aquarium fish trade , is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family .
Platax is a genus of Indo - Pacific , reef - associated fish belonging to the family Ephippidae .
Ariolimacidae is a family of air - breathing land slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Mozambique girdled lizard or flame - bellied armadillo lizard ( Smaug mossambicus ) is a large , flattened , girdled lizard found in the Gorongosa Mountains in Mozambique and low elevations in the Chimanimani Mountains at the border of Zimbabwe and Mozambique .
Cymaceras is a genus within the oppeliid subfamily Ochetoceratinae from the Kimmeridgian stage , around the middle of the Upper Jurassic .
Pentachondra is a genus of prostrate shrubs in the family Ericaceae .
The Mongolian redfin ( Chanodichthys mongolicus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Chanodichthys .
The Cape hare ( Lepus capensis ) , also called brown hare and desert hare is a hare native to Africa and Arabia extending into India .
The Ankole mole - rat or Ankole African mole - rat ( Tachyoryctes ankoliae ) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae found in Angola and Uganda .
The Hydromylidae are a taxonomic family of small sea slugs , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the suborder Gymnosomata , the sea angels .
Cecidothyris is a genus of moths of the Thyrididae family from Africa .
Zootermopsis is a genus of termites ( Isoptera ) in the family Termopsidae , a group known as the dampwood termites .
Gryllacridinae is a cricket subfamily in the family Gryllacrididae .
Orchidinae is one of two subtribes of the tribe Orchideae in the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) of flowering plants .
The family Archaeopterygidae is the only family in the order Archaeopterygiformes , which was coined by Max Fürbringer in 1888 to contain Archaeopterygidae and genus Archaeopteryx .
Cliftonoceras is a barrandeoceroid type tarphycerid from the Uranoceratidae characterized by a smooth gyroconic shell with a rounded dorsum and flattened venter , and by a subvental siphuncle composed of thin connecting rings and necks that are straight ventrally , recumbent dorsally .
Mango mealybug ( Drosicha mangiferae ) , is a pest of mango crops in Asia .
The Banggai cuscus ( Strigocuscus pelengensis ) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae .
The Snow Mountains grassland mosaic - tailed rat ( Melomys frigicola ) , also known as the Snow Mountains grassland melomys , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Cook reed warbler or Cook Islands reed warbler ( Acrocephalus kerearako ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
The Philippine crocodile ( Crocodylus mindorensis ) , also known as the Mindoro crocodile , the Philippine freshwater crocodile or locally , bukarot , is one of two species of crocodile that are found in the Philippines , the other is the larger Indo - Pacific crocodile or saltwater crocodile ( Crocodylus porosus ) .
The Osteoglossomorpha are a group of bony fish in the Teleostei .
Amusium is a genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks belonging to the family Pectinidae .
Vulcanophilus calathoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Vulcanophilus .
Emathis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae ( jumping spiders ) with ten described species .
Walter 's duiker ( Philantomba walteri ) is a species of duiker found in Togo , Benin and Nigeria .
Platygryllus is a genus of the true cricket family Gryllidae .
The Daurian ground squirrel ( Spermophilus dauricus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Hexalectris ( crested coralroot ) is a genus of the family Orchidaceae , comprising 10 known species of fully myco - heterotrophic orchids .
The Nile tilapia ( Oreochromis niloticus ) is a species of tilapia , a cichlid fish native to Africa from Egypt south to East and Central Africa , and as far west as Gambia .
The Fernando Po swift ( Apus sladeniae ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
The Sunda robin ( Myiomela diana ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Parvitragulus is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae , within the order Artiodactyla , endemic to North America during the Eocene , living 38 - -33.9 Ma , existing for approximately 4.1 million years .
Albertonykus is a member of an unusual theropod group known as the Alvarezsauridae and is one of only a few alvarezsaurid fossils that has been found outside of South America and Asia .
Spelaeovulcania canariensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Spelaeovulcania .
Xylocopa darwini , the Galápagos carpenter bee , is the only native species of bee found in the Galápagos Islands , to which it is endemic .
The Kirby 's tiger ( Parantica kirbyi ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
The Finsch 's euphonia ( Euphonia finschi ) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family .
Campnosperma is a genus of plant in the family Anacardiaceae .
Fumaria muralis , known as common ramping - fumitory or wall fumitory , is a many branched , annual herbaceous plant , native to Europe .
Ombrocharis is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described in 1936 .
Archispirostreptus is a genus of giant African millipedes in family Spirostreptidae , containing 26 species :
The Cuban gambusia ( Gambusia punctata ) is a species of freshwater fish .
Lophotis is a genus of bustard in the family Otididae .
Gadus is a genus of demersal fish in the family Gadidae , commonly known as cod , although there are additional cod species in other genera .
The Mascarene grass frog or Mascarene ridged frog ( Ptychadena mascareniensis ) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family .
Fenouilia is a genus of small freshwater snails with gills and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
The Bocage 's sunbird ( Nectarinia bocagii ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Chinese hamster ( Cricetulus griseus ) , is a species of hamster originating from the deserts of northern China and Mongolia .
The Chocó vireo ( Vireo masteri ) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family .
Rainiera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
Holocompsa is a genus of hairy sand cockroaches in the family Polyphagidae .
Obigrella nigra is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The African pygmy squirrel ( Myosciurus pumilio ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Anthaxioides aurorus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Anthaxioides .
The Crocodilefish ( Cymbacephalus beauforti ) , also known as De Beaufort 's flathead or Giant flathead , is a member of the order Scorpaeniformes , which also includes the scorpionfishes and stonefishes .
Caspian gull is a name applied to the gull taxon Larus cachinnans , a member of the herring gull / lesser black - backed gull complex .
While Loxa is a genus of the tribe Pentatomini , its species are similar in many respects to those in the Chlorocorini , specifically the genera :
Dendrocnide is a genus of 37 species of shrubs to large trees in the nettle family Urticaceae .
Hyriidae is a taxonomic family of pearly freshwater mussels , aquatic bivalve mollusks in the order Unionoida .
Phymatopus lack spurs on the tibiae and like other members of the Hepialidae family , also lack a proboscis or frenulum and have very short antennae .
The Ormyridae are a small family of parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea .
The Bolivian tyrannulet ( Zimmerius bolivianus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Elaphidionopsis fasciatipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Elaphidionopsis .
Feostoma irregulare is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Feostoma .
The Caparaó grass mouse , Akodon mystax , is a rodent species from South America .
Thor 's hero shrew ( Scutisorex thori ) is an extant species of shrew native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Pacific gopher snake ( Pituophis catenifer catenifer ) is a subspecies of large nonvenomous colubrid snake native to the western coast of the United States .
The Malayan snail - eating turtle ( Malayemys macrocephala ) is a species of turtle in Malayemys genus of the Geoemydidae family .
The European leaf - toed gecko or the European leaf - toed gekko ( Euleptes europaea ) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
The Aspredinidae are a small South American family of catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) also known as the banjo catfishes , with about 39 species .
The American herring gull or Smithsonian gull ( Larus smithsonianus or Larus argentatus smithsonianus ) is a large gull that breeds in North America , where it is treated by the American Ornithologists ' Union as a subspecies of herring gull ( L. argentatus ) .
The Horsfield 's shrew ( Crocidura horsfieldii ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Litaneutria is genus of praying mantises in the family Mantidae represented by species of ground mantis .
The Ouachita dusky salamander ( Desmognathus brimleyorum ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The Argentine fat - tailed mouse opossum ( Thylamys sponsorius ) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
In a 2008 phylogenetic analysis , Aiolosaurus was classified as a member of Varanidae .
Ailuropoda is the only extant genus in the ursid ( bear ) subfamily Ailuropodinae .
Cerautola semibrunnea , the Semibrown Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
The Marquesan swiftlet ( Aerodramus ocistus ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Ctenophryne aterrima ( common name : Costa Rica Nelson frog , reflecting its earlier placement in Nelsonophryne ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Colsyrnola is a small genus of minute sea snails or marine gastropod mollusks within the subfamily Syrnolinae , which is a part of the family Pyramidellidae .
Warnockia is a genus from the family Lamiaceae , first described in 1996 .
The Cuban nightjar ( Antrostomus cubanensis ) , is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family .
Cox 's roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros coxi ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
The Baron 's spinetail ( Cranioleuca baroni ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
Lithodryas is a prehistoric genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae .
Candiru ( English and Portuguese or candirú in Spanish ) , Vandellia cirrhosa , also known as cañero , toothpick fish , or vampire fish , is a species of parasitic freshwater catfish in the family Trichomycteridae native to the Amazon Basin where it is found in the countries of Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
The relationships of Heterolepis to other genera in Asteraceae are not well understood .
Betula austrosinensis ( Chinese : 华南桦 ; pinyin : hua nan hua ) is a species of birch that is endemic to China where it is found on elevation of 700 - -1,900 metres ( 2,300 - -6,200 ft ) .
Eothyris is an extinct genus of the family Eothyrididae .
The Andaman treepie ( Dendrocitta bayleyi ) is a species of bird in the family Corvidae .
Erythromelana is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae .
The Tandy 's sand frog ( Tomopterna tandyi ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Atrax yorkmainorum is a species of Australian funnel - web spider found in forests in the vicinity of Canberra and southeastern New South Wales .
Stegolepis is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus in 1872 .
The Chloephorinae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae .
Liposcelididae ( historically often referred to as `` Liposcelidae '' ) is a family of barklice ( Psocoptera ) belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha .
Striped Raphael catfish ( Platydoras armatulus ) is a catfish of the family Doradidae .
Lepteutypa is a genus of plant pathogens in the family Amphisphaeriaceae .
Xenitenopsis jacoti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Xenitenopsis .
The Ozark shiner ( Notropis ozarcanus ) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish from Missouri and Arkansas , USA .
The Lewin 's honeyeater ( Meliphaga lewinii ) is a bird that inhabits the ranges along the east coast of Australia .
Neoibidion comatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Neoibidion .
Kindleoceras is an oncocerid genus belonging to the Valcouroceratidae , extinct nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician .
The Sumatran striped rabbit ( Nesolagus netscheri ) , also known as the Sumatra short - eared rabbit or Sumatran rabbit , is a rabbit found only in forests in the Barisan Mountains in western Sumatra , Indonesia and surrounding areas .
Ancylastrum is a genus of air - breathing freshwater limpets , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
The Moupin pika ( Ochotona thibetana ) is a species of mammal in the pika family , Ochotonidae .
Melanodytes pustulatus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Melanodytes .
Ildobates neboti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Ildobates .
Kossmaticeras is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the desmoceratacean family Kossmaticeratidae .
Ambrosi 's cave salamander , the French cave salamander , or the Spezia cave salamander ( Speleomantes ambrosii ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Ridley 's leaf - nosed bat , Ridley 's roundleaf bat , or Singapore roundleaf horseshoe bat ( Hipposideros ridleyi ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Trichilia is a flowering plant genus in the family Meliaceae .
The Prolecanitaceae are also sometimes known as the suborder Prolecanitina .
Macaca jiangchuanensis is a prehistoric macaque from the early Holocene of China .
The Main 's frog ( Cyclorana maini ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Neohelice granulata is a species of crab in the family Varunidae , and the only species in the genus Neohelice .
Previously Ataxioceras was assigned to the Perisphinctidae but has now been placed in the Ataxioceratidae for which it is the type genus .
Diapheromerinae is a subfamily of the stick insect family Diapheromeridae .
Copholandrevus is a genus of cricket in the family Gryllidae .
Mandela 's nudibranch , Mandelia mirocornata , is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch .
Fraxinus hubeiensis is a species of ash native to Hubei province in China .
The Salokko rat ( Taeromys arcuatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Galtonia is a genus of plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae .
Dichostemma is a flowering plant genus in the Family Euphorbiaceae ( Spurge family ) first described as a genus in 1896 .
The European mole ( Talpa europaea ) is a mammal of the order Eulipotyphla .
Prionus Geoffroy , 1762 is a genus of long - horned beetles of the subfamily Prioninae , tribe Prionini , widespread in Europe , Asia and North America .
Acidobacteria are a newly devised phylum of Bacteria , whose members are physiologically diverse and ubiquitous , especially in soils , but are under - represented in culture .
Enneapterygius vexillarius , known commonly as the Blacksaddle triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Hamilton 's barb ( Barbus afrohamiltoni ) , also known as the plump barb , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Archeobuprestis is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae , containing the following species :
The Drakensberg dwarf chameleon ( Bradypodion dracomontanum ) occurs in the Drakensberg , South Africa .
Axonya championi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Axonya .
Dolichothrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family ( Asteraceae ) .
Vochysiaceae is a plant family belonging to the order of Myrtales .
The family containing Moschorhinus is Akidnognathidae , large , carnivorous theraspids all sharing strong skulls and large upper canines .
The Andean mouse ( Andinomys edax ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Phacops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , family Phacopidae , that lived in Europe , northwestern Africa , North America and China from the early until the very end of the Devonian .
Desmodema lorum Rosenblatt & J. L. Butler , 1977 ( Whiptail ribbonfish ) Desmodema polystictum ( J. D. Ogilby , 1898 ) ( Polka - dot ribbonfish )
Strepsiduridae is a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Muricoidea , but its position is doubtful .
The Turbellaria are one of the traditional sub - divisions of the phylum Platyhelminthes ( flatworms ) , and include all the sub - groups that are not exclusively parasitic .
The Nymphalinae are a subfamily of brush - footed butterflies ( family Nymphalidae ) .
Cepora is a genus of butterflies , commonly called gulls , in the Pieridae family .
Protopterus is the sole genus in the family Protopteridae .
Alcidodes is a genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae .
Venaticosuchus is a member of Ornithosuchidae , a family of facultatively bipedal carnivores that were geographically widespread during the Late Triassic .
Joffre 's pipistrelle ( Hypsugo joffrei ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Gobius geniporus , the Slender goby , is a species of goby endemic to the Mediterranean Sea where it can be found in inshore waters to a depth of about 30 metres ( 98 ft ) .
The Cayenne stubfoot toad ( Atelopus flavescens ) , known in French as atélope jaunâtre , is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae found in northeastern French Guiana and in the adjacent Brazilian state Amapá .
The Alaska blackfish , Dallia pectoralis , is a fish that grows to 7 in ( 180 mm ) in length .
Brants 's whistling rat ( Parotomys brantsii ) is one of two species of Murid rodent in the genus Parotomys .
The Caribbean roughshark ( Oxynotus caribbaeus ) is a rough shark of the family Oxynotidae , found on the upper continental slopes of the Caribbean Sea , at depths between 400 and 450 m ( 1,310 and 1,480 ft ) .
Altenglanerpeton belongs to a similar group called Recumbirostra , which is a clade .
The Mount Glorious day frog ( Taudactylus diurnus ) , also known as Mount Glorious torrent frog and southern day frog , is an extinct species of frog native to south - east Queensland .
Micropsalliota is a genus of small agaric fungi in the family Agaricaceae .
Pegomya is a genus of flies within the family Anthomyiidae .
Oligonicella is a wide - ranging genus of mantises in the family Thespidae .
The Caspian cobra ( Naja oxiana ) , also called the Central Asian cobra , Oxus cobra or Russian cobra , a member of the family Elapidae found in Central Asia .
Raphidiidae is a family of snakeflies in the order Raphidioptera .
Cosgriffius is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of the Moenkopi Formation .
Rivina is a genus of flowering plants in the pokeweed family , Phytolaccaceae .
The Indian pike conger ( Congresox talabonoides , also known as the common eel , the conger - pike eel , the daggertooth pike - conger , and the Indian putyekanipa ) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae ( pike congers ) .
Eulamprus , the water skinks , are a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae .
Rhabdodendron is placed in its own family , Rhabdodendraceae , which has only been recognized for the past few decades .
Parakneria is a genus of fish in the family Kneriidae , with 14 species , all of which are restricted to Africa .
The Western patch - nosed snake , Salvadora hexalepis , is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake , which is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
The Northern banjo frog ( Limnodynastes terraereginae ) is a species of ground - dwelling burrowing frog native to eastern Queensland and northeastern New South Wales , Australia .
The Junín grass mouse ( Akodon juninensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Sardinian tree frog or Tyrrhenian tree frog ( Hyla sarda ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , found in Corsica , Sardinia , and the Tuscan Archipelago .
The Tian Shan wapiti or Tian Shan maral ( Cervus canadensis songaricus ) , often called the Tian Shan elk by North Americans , is a subspecies of Cervus canadensis , found in the Tian Shan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan , southeastern Kazakhstan , and North Central Xinjiang , China .
The Longdong stream salamander ( Batrachuperus londongensis ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China .
The Madagascan grebe ( Tachybaptus pelzelnii ) is a grebe found only in western and central Madagascar .
Alnus formosana , or Formosan Alder , is a species of alder native to Taiwan .
Eumorsea is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Eumastacidae , the monkey grasshoppers .
The Malaysian earthtiger tarantula ( Cyriopagopus schioedtei ) is a large and colourful arboreal tarantula from the subfamily Ornithoctoninae .
Odontomasoreus humeralis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Odontomasoreus .
Aecidium is a genus of rust fungi in the Pucciniales order .
Doriva played for the Brazil national football team between 1995 and 1998 , making a brief substitute appearance in the 1998 FIFA World Cup in which Brazil finished as runners - up .
Václav Roubík ( born 16 August 1919 ) is a former Czech rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Cronier was a sailor from the France , who represented his native country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris , France .
József Pércsi ( 19 March 1942 in Földes -- June 2011 ) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Utkirbek Haydarov ( Уткирбек Хайдаров ; born January 25 , 1974 in Andijon ) is an Uzbekistani boxer who competed in the light heavyweight ( 81 kg ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal .
Olavi Rinteenpää ( born 24 September 1924 ) is a Finnish former steeplechase runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Bonaparti.lv is a sextet consisting of Latvian tenors , that participated in Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with their song `` Questa Notte '' .
Isabella Minna Veronica Wagner , better known as Veronica ( born July 7 , 1987 in Stockholm , Sweden ) , is a gymnast who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics as a member of the Swedish Olympic team .
Yoko Isoda ( born 26 August 1978 ) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ewa Grabowska - Gaczorek ( born 8 September 1962 in Nowy Targ ) is a Polish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics .
William Frank Southall ( 2 July 1904 -- 1 March 1964 ) was an English racing cyclist who won silver medals for Great Britain in the individual road race ( run as an individual time trial ) at the 1928 Summer Olympics and a track cycling medal at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles .
René Texier ( 28 October 1882 -- 10 October 1967 ) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics , in the 1920 Summer Olympics , and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Marq Mellor ( born March 5 , 1968 in Long Island , New York ) is a former field hockey forward from the United States , who finished twelfth with the national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Thomas Coe was a British water polo player who won a gold medal in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Athanasia Tsoumeleka ( Greek : Αθανασία Τσουμελέκα , ( aθanaˈsia tsumeˈleka ) , born January 2 , 1982 ) is a Greek race walker , who won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Aarzemnieki ( from the Latvian word `` ārzemnieki '' , meaning `` foreigners '' ) are a Latvian band that represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen , Denmark , with their song `` Cake to Bake '' .
Martin Urra ( 1931 -- 11 September 2002 ) was a Filipino basketball player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
On 11 October 2006 DJ BoBo announced in a press conference that he had applied to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 .
Eric Niklas Henning ( born 6 March 1964 ) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics .
Dimitar Zapryanov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Запрянов ) ( born 27 January 1960 ) is a Bulgarian former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Shawn O'Sullivan ( born May 9 , 1962 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian boxer who won gold at the World Amateur Championships in 1981 and the light middleweight silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Javier Bosma started playing beach volleyball in 1994 and also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics , finishing 5th both times .
Alexandru Nyisztor ( born 27 June 1979 ) is a Romanian épée fencer , who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Charalambos Cholidis ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Χολίδης , born 1 October 1956 ) is a Greek former wrestler who competed , in the 1976 Summer Olympics , in the 1980 Summer Olympics , in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Ramón Abeledo ( born 29 April 1937 ) is an Argentine football midfielder who played for Argentina in the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
Ignatius Gronkowski ( March 28 , 1897 -- September 1981 ) was an American professional cyclist , who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris .
Ernst Kyburz ( 14 August 1898 -- 16 October 1983 ) was a Swiss freestyle wrestler who won gold medals at the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1931 European Championships in the middleweight category .
Branko Skroče ( born 17 May 1955 in Zadar ) is a Croatian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Jennifer Pinches ( born 25 May 1994 ) is a British artistic gymnast who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Mamoru Morimoto ( Japanese : 森本 葵 , born 11 July 1939 ) is a Japanese former middle distance runner who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Adriana Samuel Ramos ( born April 12 , 1966 in Resende , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian volleyball player , who won the silver medal in the inaugural women 's beach volleyball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics , partnering Mônica Rodrigues .
Ubaldesco Baldi ( 13 July 1944 -- 13 June 1991 ) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , winning a bronze medal in the Mixed Trap event .
Emily Halliday ( born 5 April 1979 ) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Silke Müller ( born November 11 , 1978 ) is a field hockey midfielder from Germany , who won the gold medal with the German National Women 's Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Jon Lilygreen ( born 4 August 1987 ) is a Welsh singer , who along with the band The Islanders represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo , Norway , with the song `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' and they took the 21st place out of 39 entrants .
Jon Holst - Christensen competed in badminton at the 1992 Summer Olympics in men 's doubles with Thomas Lund .
Gábor Boczkó ( born 1 April 1977 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won a silver medal in the team Épée competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Krisztián Kulcsár , Géza Imre and Iván Kovács .
Andrzej Piątkowski ( 22 October 1934 -- 11 June 2010 ) was a Polish sabreur who won three medals at the 1956 , 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics .
Hena Akhter ( Bengali : হেনা আক্তার ) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games .
William Meyers ( 23 July 1943 -- 7 May 2014 ) was a South African boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome fighting as a featherweight .
Elen Shakirova ( née Bunatyants , born 2 June 1970 in Mary , Turkmen SSR ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Andreas Stadler ( July 31 , 1896 -- February 14 , 1941 ) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Ranza Clark ( born December 13 , 1961 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a retired middle distance runner from Canada , who won the gold medal in the women 's 1.500 metres at the 1983 Pan American Games .
Attila Vári ( born February 26 , 1976 in Budapest ) , nicknamed Doki , is a Hungarian water polo player , who played on the gold medal squads at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Li Yaguang ( born 8 June 1958 ) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Genaro Sermeño , ( born 28 November 1948 ) is a former footballer from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico .
Ferenc Tégla ( born 15 July 1947 in Szegvár ) is a Hungarian former discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics , in the 1972 Summer Olympics , and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Werner Obschernikat ( born 9 July 1955 in Duisburg ) is a German former water polo player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , in the 1984 Summer Olympics , and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Massimo Nistri ( born 10 October 1955 ) is an Italian former swimmer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Károly Szittya ( June 18 , 1918 -- August 9 , 1983 ) was a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Bernhard Knauß ( born 25 June 1965 in Schladming ) is an Austrian and later Slovenian former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics .
Pierre Coppieters ( born 24 June 1907 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Igor Hinić ( born 4 December 1975 in Rijeka ) is a water polo player from Croatia , who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia and a member of the Croatian team that won gold in the water polo at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Eva Boto ( born December 1 , 1995 ) is a singer who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku , Azerbaijan with Verjamem .
Ferenc Török received an individual gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , and a bronze medal with the Hungarian team .
Bahri Tanrıkulu ( born March 16 , 1980 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the Men 's 80 kg division at the 2004 Summer Olympics held in Athens , Greece and won the silver medal .
Jacqueline Delord ( born 29 January 1970 ) is a French former swimmer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics , in the 1992 Summer Olympics , and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Catriona Sens ( née Oliver ) ( born 2 April 1980 in Sale , Victoria ) was a member of the Australia 's 2004 Summer Olympics women 's eight rowing crew with Sally Robbins .
Zhang Yufeng ( simplified Chinese : 张玉峰 ; traditional Chinese : 張玉峰 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yùfēng ; born 9 February 1977 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ali Asghar Bazri ( Persian : علی اصغر بذری‎ , born September 11 , 1980 in Behshahr , Iran ) is an Iranian wrestler who competed in the 2006 Asian Games in the 74 kg division and won the gold medal .
Léon Scieur ( pronounced : ( le.ɔ̃ sjœʁ ) ; 19 March 1888 -- 7 October 1969 ) was a Belgian cyclist who won the 1921 Tour de France , along with stages 3 and 10 .
Gaëtan Llorach ( born 16 January 1974 in Saint - Martin - d'Hères , Isère , France ) is a former French alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics .
Xu Demei ( 徐徳妹 , born May 23 , 1967 in Zhejiang ) is a former track and field athlete from PR China , who competed for her native country in the women 's javelin throw event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
For Those Who Wait is the fourth full - length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight .
`` What Took You So Long ? '' is a song by British recording artist Emma Bunton from her debut solo album , A Girl Like Me ( 2001 ) .
Belladonna & Aconite is the first album from British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus .
`` Meet Me on the Equinox '' is a song by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie , and was released as the first single from the soundtrack to the 2009 film The Twilight Saga :
My Dear Old Southern Home is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson , released in 1991 .
They Were Wrong , So We Drowned is the second album released by noise rock band Liars , released in 2004 .
A Album is the debut album of the Japanese group KinKi Kids .
If It Was You is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock duo Tegan and Sara , released on August 20 , 2002 .
`` Sssnakepit '' is a single by English rock band Enter Shikari , the first from their third studio album `` A Flash Flood of Colour '' .
If Songs Could Be Held is the third album by American singer - songwriter Rosie Thomas , released in 2005 .
I Do Perceive is the third album by the Chicago artist Mike Kinsella under the name Owen .
The Great American Bubble Factory is the twelfth album from Southern rock group Drivin N Cryin .
`` Got ta Love '' is the debut single by American R&B group Jodeci .
`` Can You Feel the Beat '' is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam and Full Force from their 1985 album Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam with Full Force .
Holla ! is the eleventh studio album from reggae / hip - hop group Baha Men .
`` How Far '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride .
`` Wrong Baby Wrong Baby Wrong '' , or its shortened name when released as a single , `` Wrong Baby Wrong '' , is a song recorded by American country artist Martina McBride .
Get Hot is the second full - length release by San Francisco progressive , indie rock band Facing New York .
Sing the Word Hope in Four - Part Harmony is the second full - length album by the UK instrumental rock band Maybeshewill , released in June 2009 .
Waking The Nightmares is the debut album by the Venezuelan alternative rock band The Asbestos .
Man with a Memory is the second studio album by American country music artist Joe Nichols , released in 2002 on the Universal South Records label .
¡ Tré ! is the eleventh studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
The M.G.M. Album is a 1989 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein of songs from Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer films .
Pieces in a Modern Style 2 is the 11th album by British electronic musician and record producer , William Orbit .
`` Skyline Pigeon '' is a ballad by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin .
Stondom do Tokija ( Stoned to Tokyo ) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor , released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije ! in 2006 .
Kuolleen kukan nimi ( The Dead Flower 's Name ) is the fifth studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Kotiteollisuus .
Flower in the Wonderland ( Chinese : 夢裡花 ; literally : `` flowers in dream '' ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Angela Chang 's fourth Mandarin studio album .
Among the Living is the third studio album by American thrash metal band , Anthrax .
`` It 's on You '' is a 1990 song recorded by German Eurodance act MC Sar & the Real McCoy .
`` Lip Up Fatty '' is a single released by the ska band Bad Manners in June 1980 , which reached No . 15 in the UK Singles Chart .
`` I Just Wanna Party '' is the second single of American rapper Yelawolf 's album Trunk Muzik 0 - 60 .
If You Ever See an Owl ... is the first album by The Terrible Twos , a children 's music alter - ego of The New Amsterdams .
Love and Terror is the second and final album from the Scottish Indie band The Cinematics .
Dronework is an EP by Bass Communion , one of Steven Wilson 's side projects .
`` LA Today '' is a song by the producer / DJ Alex Gold of Xtravaganza Records and singer / composer Philip Oakey .
Different Kind of Fire is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster .
`` Brendan 's Death Song '' is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 2011 album I 'm with You and was released as the album 's fifth and final single on June 11 , 2012 through digital download .
Saw Delight is the ninth Can studio album , and features two new band members who were ex - members of the band Traffic , with Can 's bassist Holger Czukay giving up the bass in favour of experimental effects .
Violent Acts of Beauty is the long - awaited fourth studio album by American band London After Midnight , released in Europe on October 26 , 2007 , and subsequently in the United States on November 6 , 2007 ; a Russia release through Iron D Records was released in December 2007 .
Katherine Chancellor is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera , The Young and the Restless , portrayed by Jeanne Cooper .
Work Time is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , recorded for the Prestige label , featuring performances by Rollins with Ray Bryant , George Morrow and Max Roach .
Soul Gravy is the sixth studio album by the American alternative country band Cross Canadian Ragweed , released in 2004 on Universal South Records .
`` Say Aha '' is the fourth single by American artist Santigold , taken from her previously self - titled debut Santogold .
The Other Parade is the fourth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen , released in 1999 .
`` Best Love Song '' is a R&B - pop song performed by R&B artist T - Pain .
Phantom Navigator is the seventeenth album by jazz saxophonist Wayne Shorter , that was released on Columbia in 1986 .
Lovers , Fighters , Sinners , Saints is Odd Project 's second album , released on April 24 , 2007 .
Pick ' n ' Mix is the second and final album by English singer Lolly .
Ella Abraça Jobim or Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Antonio Carlos Jobim Songbook is a 1981 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald , devoted to the songs of Antônio Carlos Jobim .
`` I Do n't Go Shopping '' is a song written by Peter Allen and David Lasley and was recorded and released by singer Patti LaBelle in 1980 on the Epic label .
`` Fade into You '' is a song by rock group Mazzy Star from their album So Tonight That I Might See .
`` Bitch 's Brew '' is a song from hard rock band Aerosmith 's seventh studio album , Rock in a Hard Place .
Under stjärnornas parasoll is an album from Swedish pop singer Cecilia Vennersten , released on 25 October 2006 .
`` Out with the Boys '' is a song by glam metal band White Lion from their fourth studio album Mane Attraction , which charted at number 61 on The Billboard 200 .
`` For Your Life '' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , from their 1976 album Presence .
The Geometrid is the second album from the Scottish group Looper .
The Pick , the Sickle and the Shovel is the second studio album by horrorcore supergroup Gravediggaz .
Crime Buddies is the third album performed by rap group Steady Mobb'n .
Ať se dobré děje ( Whatever happens , Come the Good ) is the fifth studio album by Slovak vocalist Szidi Tobias released on Studio DVA in 2011 .
Death to Capitalist Hardcore is an EP by English grindcore band Sore Throat .
`` Hungry for Heaven '' was the seventh single released by heavy metal band Dio and the second single from their 1985 LP , Sacred Heart .
Äppelknyckarjazz is the first studio album by Swedish Hip Hop Swing band Movits!.
In Square Circle is a 1985 studio album released by American singer - songwriter Stevie Wonder ( his twentieth overall ) .
Nature Unveiled is an album by the English group Current 93 .
`` När det blåser på månen '' is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent .
Natural Illusions is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label .
Blue Guitars is the twenty - first studio album by English singer - songwriter Chris Rea , released on October 14 , 2005 , by his independent record label Jazzee Blue .
Forever with You is the tenth and final studio album by American soul singer - songwriter Phyllis Hyman .
`` Jump That Rock ( Whatever You Want ) '' is the first single from the repackaged Jumping All Over The World - Whatever You Want , and is the fifth overall single by Scooter from their thirteenth studio album Jumping All Over The World .
`` Do n't Be Sad '' is a song by alt - country band Whiskeytown , from their album Pneumonia .
`` Go That Far '' is a song written by Bret Michaels , and was recorded by Michaels as the first single for his compilation album , Rock My World released in 2008 .
Brief Episodes of Joy is the sixteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2008 .
Words That Go Unspoken , Deeds That Go Undone is the fourth studio album by English blackened death metal band Akercocke .
Signos ( Spanish for Signs ) is the third studio album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo , and released in 1986 .
`` This Day We Fight ! '' is a song by the American heavy metal band Megadeth , which appears on their twelfth studio album Endgame , which was released on September 15 , 2009 , written by frontman Dave Mustaine .
`` Do n't Stand Another Chance '' is a song by American recording artist Janet Jackson , included on her second studio album , Dream Street ( 1984 ) .
For the Beauty of Wynona is the second album by Canadian songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois .
`` Church of the Poison Mind '' was a 1983 hit single for the British new wave band Culture Club .
Interstellar Discussion is the ninth album by Jandek , and his only release of 1984 .
The Rumproller is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label .
`` Da Joint '' ( sometimes spelt `` The Joint '' ) is the first single from EPMD 's fifth album , Back in Business .
`` Como Tu Mujer '' ( `` As Your Woman '' ) is a song written and produced by Mexican singer - songwriter Marco Antonio Solís and first recorded by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal .
Sex , Drugs and Self - Control is the sixth album by rapper John Reuben , released on December 22 , 2009 .
South American Cookin ' is an album by jazz trombonist Curtis Fuller , released in 1961 on the Epic label .
Outrospective is the third album by Faithless , released on 18 June 2001 it was the follow - up to Sunday 8PM and the predecessor to No Roots .
`` Walk Away ( Remember Me ) '' is the second single from Paula DeAnda .
`` Still on It '' was the first and only single from her remix album Collectables by Ashanti .
Global Flatline is the seventh studio album by Belgium - based death metal band Aborted .
Fake Songs is an album created by Liam Lynch .
`` Alles wird vorübergehen '' ( Everything will go by ) is a song by German band Die Toten Hosen .
Songs from the Closet is a compilation album of early demo recordings by King 's X bassist / vocalist Doug Pinnick .
The Salvation Blues is a 2007 solo album by singer / songwriter Mark Olson .
`` Yet Another Movie '' is the sixth track , along with `` Round and Around '' on Pink Floyd 's 1987 album , A Momentary Lapse of Reason .
Happy Ground is the second album by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1961 for the Jazzland label .
Jewel of the South is the title of the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell .
Rose Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was created by series producer Russell T Davies .
Descended Like Vultures is an album by Oakland - based band , Rogue Wave .
`` Save Your Scissors '' is the first single from City and Colour 's album Sometimes , released in 2005 .
`` You Shook Me All Night Long '' is an AC / DC song from the album , Back in Black .
`` Is This the World We Created ... ? '' is an extraordinarily delicate social and environmental protest song by the British rock band Queen , which was originally released on their eleventh studio album The Works in 1984 .
Dark Deceiver is the fifth album by American Progressive metal band Zero Hour .
`` Come Get to This '' is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Marvin Gaye .
Jazz Raga is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse ! label .
`` Kiss and Say Goodbye '' is a song recorded by the American R&B vocal group The Manhattans .
This Is Desolation is the second full - length studio album recorded by Shell Beach .
`` HiiiPoWeR '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar , released April 12 , 2011 as the lead single from his independent digital album Section.80 ( 2011 ) .
In Case We Die is an indie pop studio album by Australian band Architecture in Helsinki which was released on 5 April 2005 .
Back to Bacharach is a jazz / soft rock vocal album by Steve Tyrell , released in 2008 with Koch Records .
Sumo Grip is the ninth and final album by Lucifer 's Friend before their reunion in 2014 .
Vatten och bröd ( Swedish for Water and Bread ) is the debut studio album released by Swedish singer and songwriter Veronica Maggio .
`` Huffin '' is an instrumental song written by Karl Jenkins and performed by Soft Machine .
`` Gon na Make It '' is the fourth single released by freestyle singer Sa - Fire from her 1988 eponymous debut .
`` Lifening '' is a song by Northern Irish alternative rock group Snow Patrol .
`` Under Siege ( Regnum Irae ) '' is Sepultura 's third single , as well as the third of three to be released from the album Arise .
Ruka bez povratka ( A hand with no return ) is the third studio album by the Serbian britpop / alternative rock band Veliki Prezir , released by B92 in 2005 .
Solutions for a Small Planet is an album released by Haujobb on Off Beat records in 1996 .
In Search of Truth is the third album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey .
Volle Kraft Voraus ! is the second album by the German band Die Krupps .
`` Another Lonely Night in New York '' is a 1983 single by the late British singer - songwriter Robin Gibb from his second solo album How Old Are You ? .
Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer - songwriter Ryan Adams , released on September 27 , 2005 on Lost Highway .
The Maxx Is Back is the sixth studio album by Klymaxx , released in 1990 ( see 1990 in music ) .
`` Why Lady Why '' is a song written by Teddy Gentry and Rick Scott , and recorded by American country music band Alabama .
`` Pink Eyed Soul '' is a single by Japanese duo Pink Lady .
`` The Curly Shuffle '' is a novelty song by the group Jump ' N the Saddle Band first released in late 1983 , an homage to The Three Stooges film comedy team .
When It Was Good is the first single from hip hop group Flipsyde 's second album State of Survival .
Pocrnela burma ( English : My Wedding Ring Turned Black ) is the tenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić , released in 2002 .
Naked Flame is the third album from the Ukrainian psychobilly band Mad Heads .
`` People Are People '' is Depeche Mode 's 10th UK single recorded at Hansa Mischraum in West Berlin , and released on 12 March 1984 .
`` Blowing Kisses in the Wind '' was the third single from Paula Abdul 's album , Spellbound .
One Soul Now is a 2004 album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies .
Are You Passionate ? is the twenty - fifth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young , the only album to feature Booker T. & the M.G. 's , and his eighth with Crazy Horse , released on April 9 , 2002 .
A.K.A. I - D - I - O - T is an EP by Swedish band The Hives , released in 1998 .
Till Monkeys Fly is an album by the Dutch rock band Racoon .
Aha Shake Heartbreak is the sophomore studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon .
You Wo n't Forget Me is a 1991 studio album by Shirley Horn .
Van Ronk Sings was an album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk , released in 1961 .
`` Church of Your Heart '' , written by Per Gessle , was the fifth single released from Swedish pop rock duo Roxette 's 1991 album Joyride .
And Everything Else ... is the third solo album by American hip hop producer Nobody .
Pointing the Finger is a studio album by the rock artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1981 .
Sábado en la Noche Tiki - Tiki is the sixth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro , It was released in 1982 `` Ven '' is theme song to `` El derecho de nacer ( TV series ) '' Also in the telenovela Verónica Castro 's son Cristian Castro plays her Lost son .
Kunnes joet muuttaa suuntaa ( in English : Until Rivers Change Direction ) is the sixth studio album by Finnish pop rock singer - songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa , released by Warner Music Finland and WEA in Finland on April 19 , 2010 .
Rebuilt by Humans is the second album by British singer - songwriter Newton Faulkner .
`` Getting Away with It '' was the first single by the English band Electronic , which comprised Bernard Sumner of New Order , ex - Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr , and guesting vocalist Neil Tennant of Pet Shop Boys .
Sweet Jamaica is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer , Mr. Vegas , released on May 29 in 2012 , under Mr. Vegas Music / VPAL .
Trampled by Lambs and Pecked by the Dove is a collection of raw tracks and song sketches written and recorded by Trey Anastasio and Phish lyricist Tom Marshall in Vermont farmhouses over four weekends in 1997 .
Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar 's 4th solo release recorded in Brooklyn , New York ;
Keep the Faith is the fifth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi .
The Remix Suite ( digital title : Michael Jackson : The Remix Suite ) is a compilation of remixed hits by Michael Jackson .
`` Listen to What the Man Said '' is a hit single from Wings ' 1975 album Venus and Mars .
`` Found Out About You '' is the fourth single from the Gin Blossoms ' second album New Miserable Experience , recorded in 1992 .
`` It 's Just Not Cricket '' is the debut single of The Twelfth Man , a series of comedy productions by skilled impersonator Billy Birmingham .
`` Trouble on My Mind '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Pusha T , released as the lead single from his debut EP Fear of God II :
The Dealer is a 1966 release by jazz drummer / bandleader Chico Hamilton .
`` One ( Always Hardcore ) '' is a song by German musical group Scooter .
`` La La La ( Never Give It Up ) '' is the debut single from Swedish singer September in 2003 .
`` One Step Out of Time '' , written and composed by Paul Davies , Tony Ryan , and Victor Stratton , was the United Kingdom 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992 , performed by Michael Ball .
In Response is the final studio album by Philadelphia post - hardcore band This Day Forward .
`` Marvin & Chardonnay '' is a song by American rapper Big Sean , sent to the radio as the second single from his debut studio album , Finally Famous .
Love Gone Sour , Suspicion , and Bad Debt is the 1994 third album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks .
When All the Laughter Has Gone is the debut album by the Finnish doom metal band Dolorian .
`` Catch Us If You Can '' is a 1965 song from The Dave Clark Five ( DC5 ) , written by group 's drummer Dave Clark and guitarist Lenny Davidson .
Boys in Heat is the second album by the American glam metal band Britny Fox , released in 1989 .
`` Night of the Living Baseheads '' is the third single released by hip hop group Public Enemy , from their critically acclaimed album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back .
`` Tell Her No '' is a hit single by British rock band The Zombies in 1965 , featured on their eponymous debut album The Zombies .
`` Heavy Starry Chain '' is the only single released from Tomoko Kawase 's alter - ego , Tommy heavenly6 in 2007 .
`` The Bad Touch '' is a song recorded by American alternative band Bloodhound Gang .
The Legend of Bear Thompson is the 3rd full length CD release from the Daniel Bennett Group .
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is the fourth album by Chicago - based rock band Wilco .
Shoot the Moon Right Between the Eyes ( sub - titled Jeffrey Foucault Sings the Songs of John Prine ) is an album by singer / songwriter Jeffrey Foucault , released in 2009 .
Musick to Play in the Dark Vol . 2 ( written as Musick to Play in the Dark² on the packaging ) is an album by Coil currently in its third pressing in CD format ; it was also released in double 12 `` vinyl format .
Il popolo dei sogni is the third studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Dolcenera , released on 3 March 2006 via Amarena Music .
It Do n't Get Any Better Than This is an album by American country music singer George Jones released on April 7 , 1998 on the MCA Nashville label .
Wake the Union is the sixteenth studio album by British folk duo Show of Hands .
Where Is Brooklyn ? is an album by Don Cherry featuring Henry Grimes , Ed Blackwell , and Pharoah Sanders recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label .
Organic Music Society is an album by trumpeter Don Cherry recorded in 1972 and released on the Swedish Caprice label .
The Incurable Tragedy is the fifth full - length studio album by Canadian progressive death metal band Into Eternity .
You Want It , You Got It is the second studio album that was released by Bryan Adams in 1981 ( see 1981 in music ) .
Songs for You , Truths for Me is the second album by English singer , songwriter and guitarist James Morrison , released on 26 September 2008 .
Wikked Lil ' Grrrls is Canadian American singer Esthero 's second album , her first full - length in seven years .
Take a Number from 1 to 10 is an album by saxophonist Benny Golson , featuring performances recorded in late 1960 and early 1961 and originally released on the Argo label .
Gum Tree Canoe is an album by the American musician John Hartford , released in 1984 .
Shang Tsung is the main antagonist in Mortal Kombat , and was played by Cary - Hiroyuki Tagawa .
Leave This Town is the second studio album recorded by American rock band Daughtry , released through RCA Records and 19 Entertainment on July 14 , 2009 .
The Classic Della is an album by actress and singer Della Reese .
`` Here Come Those Tears Again '' is a song written and performed by American singer - songwriter Jackson Browne and included on his 1976 album The Pretender .
Love Tattoo is the second studio album by the Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May , released on 20 October 2008 on Universal Music .
`` No One Gon na Love You '' is a song recorded by R&B singer and actress Jennifer Hudson .
Ellington Uptown ( also released as Hi - Fi Ellington Uptown ) is an album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Columbia label in 1951 & 1952 .
`` My Kind of Lady '' was the second single from Supertramp 's 1982 album ...
`` Are You Lonely for Me '' is the title of a number - one R&B single by group The Rude Boys .
E.G. Time is the third studio album by the Japanese girl group E - girls .
`` In Public '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Kelis , featuring American rapper Nas .
Too Hot to Sleep is the seventh album from rock band Survivor , released in 1988 .
Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy ( 1973 ) is Return to Forever 's third studio album .
Music Row II is the second cover album by Jill Johnson , recorded in Nashville and released on 28 October 2009 , two years after Music Row .
Au nord de notre vie ( In the North of Our Lives ) is an album by CANO , released in 1977 .
Under Heavy Manners is a reggae album by Prince Far I , released in 1976 .
Piece of the Action is the second single by pop group Bucks Fizz , the follow - up to the Eurovision - winning song `` Making Your Mind Up '' .
Jag ska aldrig lämna dig is a 1993 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson .
Some Kind of Trouble is the third studio album from British singer - songwriter James Blunt .
Graffiti Crimes was the debut album by New Zealand new wave music group Mi - Sex , released in July 1979 .
Aniksi ( Greek : Άνοιξη ; English : Springtime ) is a successful studio album by Greek artist Glykeria .
Vagina Dancer is the second full length release by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts .
Bullet in a Bible is a live album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Give the Drummer Some is the first solo record by blink-182 drummer Travis Barker .
Ni ovde ni tamo is the second studio album from Serbian rock band Negative .
`` Just to Keep You Satisfied '' is a song by soul singer Marvin Gaye .
Coon Bid'ness is an album released by Julius Hemphill in 1975 on Arista featuring performances by Hemphill , Baikida Carroll , Abdul Wadud , Phillip Wilson , Arthur Blythe , Barry Altschul and Daniel Zebulon .
Everyone Is Everybody Else is a 1974 album by British Rock Band Barclay James Harvest .
Dirt Do n't Hurt is the second official album by Holly Golightly and the Brokeoffs , former members of the band Thee Headcoatees .
Joey Zasa is a fictional character appearing in The Godfather Part III . He was portrayed by Joe Mantegna .
Not Going Under is the second album by Maria Arredondo , released by Universal Music Norway on November 8 , 2004 .
Everybody Loves Sausages is an album of cover songs by the American band Melvins , released on April 30 , 2013 .
The Impossible Song & Other Songs is the third solo album by folk musician and Idlewild vocalist Roddy Woomble , released on 21 March 2011 on Greenvoe Records .
`` Give It All You Got '' is an instrumental song from 1980 by the American flugelhorn player Chuck Mangione .
`` Never Gon na Be Alone '' is the sixth overall single from the Nickelback album Dark Horse .
Fruit of Life is the debut album for American Alternative band Wild Colonials , released in 1994 ( see 1994 in music ) .
Flamejob is the sixth studio album ( and 11th album overall ) by the American garage punk band The Cramps .
The Longest Line is a 12 `` EP by punk rock band NOFX , released in 1992 .
`` Jerks of Attention '' was the first single released by Australian alternative rock band , Jebediah .
Det som engang var ( Norwegian for `` what once was '' ) is the second studio album by the Norwegian black metal solo project Burzum .
Hittin ' the Note is the twelfth and final studio album by the American Southern rock group the Allman Brothers Band .
Je ne mâche pas les mots is the second studio album by French singer and television celebrity Elisa Tovati .
`` Visions of Johanna '' is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan on his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde .
Handshakes and Middle Fingers is the second major release studio album by Canadian rapper Classified released on March 22 , 2011 on Sony Music Canada , his thirteenth studio album overall .
Pages of Life is the third studio album by the American country music / country rock group The Desert Rose Band .
That 's How a Heartache Begins is a 1964 compilation album consisting of songs recorded by American country music singer , Patsy Cline .
`` How Ya Doin' ? '' is a song by British girl group Little Mix , featuring American rapper Missy Elliott .
Monoliths & Dimensions is the sixth studio album by the avant - garde drone doom band Sunn O ) ) ) .
What Are You Going to Do with Your Life ? is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen .
Serving 190 Proof is the 29th studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard , released in May 1979 .
Young'n ( Holla Back ) is the second single from Fabolous ' debut album Ghetto Fabolous .
Started a Fire is the first album by the British rock band One Night Only .
`` Meet Me in Montana '' is a song written by Paul Davis , and recorded by American country music artists Dan Seals and Marie Osmond as a duet .
Welcome 2 My Nightmare ( also known as Welcome to My Nightmare 2 ) is the 26th studio album by Alice Cooper , released in September 2011 .
Anytime at All is the second album from Banyan , founded by Stephen Perkins of Jane 's Addiction and Porno for Pyros fame , and David Turin .
`` Brianstorm '' ( often mistaken as ' Brainstorm ' ) is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys .
`` Requiem for a Hit '' is a song by French recording artist Miss Kittin featuring L.A. Williams .
`` Living for the City '' is a 1973 hit single by Stevie Wonder from his Innervisions album .
Skinman is the second full - length album by Australian Thrash metal band Allegiance , released in 1996 .
Setia Ku Di Sini is the third studio album from Malaysian pop singer Ziana Zain which was released in 1996 .
`` Way Cool Jr. '' is a single by the American heavy metal band Ratt .
Les Sessions Lost Souls is a live album and DVD released by James Blunt in 2008 as a follow - up to his 2007 album , All the Lost Souls .
Live at Jacksonville is a live album by the band King Crimson , released through the King Crimson Collectors ' Club in December 1998 .
`` It 's Not My Time '' is the first official single from the self - titled fourth studio album by rock band 3 Doors Down .
Maailma tarvitsee sankareita ( English : The World Needs Heroes ) is the fourth studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni .
Soulville is a 1957 album by swing tenor saxophonist Ben Webster , recording a session from October 15 , 1957 which Webster played with the Oscar Peterson Trio .
C'mon Billy was the second single released on PJ Harvey 's 1995 album To Bring You My Love .
Death Pop Romance is Danish band Raunchy 's third album , released in 2006 .
How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb is the eleventh studio album by Irish rock band U2 .
Player Select is the second studio album by American synthpop comedy supergroup Starbomb .
A Nice Pair is a compilation album by Pink Floyd , re - issuing their first two albums--
Are You Ready for Some More ? is the third and final album released by the house and reggae - influenced duo Reel 2 Real .
`` Just Do n't Give a Fuck '' ( known as `` Just Do n't Give '' in the clean version of The Slim Shady LP ) is the debut single by the American rapper Eminem .
Ennea was the second album by jazz - rock fusion band Chase .
Headfirst Straight to Hell is the fifth full - length album by the Canadian hardcore band Grade .
`` I Live for the Sun '' is a 1965 single written by Rick Henn and performed by American pop band The Sunrays .
`` Want More Need Less '' is the second single from the fourth studio album Gift by alternative rock band Curve .
Pro Patria Finlandia is Impaled Nazarene 's ninth full - length studio album .
`` That 'd Be Alright '' is a song written by Tia Sillers , Tim Nichols and Mark D. Sanders , and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson .
`` When I Dream of Michelangelo '' is the eighth track on Counting Crows ' 2008 album Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings ( the second on the more reflective `` Sunday Mornings '' half of the record ) .
Auf rote Rosen fallen Tränen ( Tears Fall on Red Roses ) is the fourteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
Wicked Beat is the second Mini - Album for the Japanese rock duo B'z .
`` Boogie Oogie Oogie '' is a song by the American band A Taste of Honey .
Elbette ( English : Of course ) is Candan Erçetin 's third studio album .
Apol - acoustiX is the tenth studio album and 11th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX.
Rollins Plays for Bird is a 1957 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , recorded for the Prestige label , featuring performances by Rollins with Kenny Dorham , Wade Legge , George Morrow and Max Roach on material associated with Charlie Parker .
`` Cold Love '' is a song by American singer Donna Summer , released as the second single from her album The Wanderer .
Released in 2003 , Fartaqi is the third album by Ahmed Bukhatir .
`` Love 's About to Change My Heart '' is the third single from Another Place and Time , the 1989 album by Donna Summer , written and produced by British production team Stock Aitken & Waterman .
Singer for Singer is Misia 's sixth studio album and first conceptual one , released on December 8 , 2004 , only ten months after Mars & Roses .
`` Girl Anachronism '' is a song by American dark cabaret duo The Dresden Dolls , released as a promo single from their self - titled debut album .
They 're Only Chasing Safety is the fourth album by American metalcore band Underoath .
The M - Pire Shrikez Back is the second studio album by the hip hop group O.G.C. ( Originoo Gunn Clappaz ) , members of the supergroup Boot Camp Clik .
Grievous Angel is the second solo album by Gram Parsons , compiled from summer 1973 sessions and released four months after his death from a heroin and alcohol overdose in September 1973 .
City to City is a 1978 album and the second studio album by Scottish singer - songwriter Gerry Rafferty .
Tajnosľubná ( English : Promising in Secret ) is a duet by Marika Gombitová and Miro Žbirka , released on Universal Music in 2005 .
`` What Time Is Love ? '' is a song released , in different mixes , as a series of singles by the band The KLF .
Dawgnation is a 2002 album by American musician David Grisman , recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet .
Kaseta is an album by the rock band Kult .
`` There 's a Tear in My Beer '' is a country song written and recorded by Hank Williams , and later re - recorded by his son in 1988 .
Livin ' Proof is the debut album from Gang Starr affiliates Group Home .
`` Manhoo '' is the eighth single from Cardiacs and the first taken from Sing to God .
Different Pulses is the first solo studio album of Israeli artist Asaf Avidan after the split - up of his band `` Asaf Avidan and the Mojos '' .
`` Anapnoi Anatoli '' ( Greek : Αναπνοή Ανατολή ; English : Breaths from the east ) is a popular CD single from popular Greek artist Glykeria .
Sweet Honey Bee is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Duke Pearson , released on the Blue Note label in 1967 .
Dub Side of the Moon is a dub reggae tribute to the Pink Floyd album , The Dark Side of the Moon , co - produced by Easy Star All - Stars founder 's Michael G ( Michael Goldwasser ) and Ticklah ( Victor Axelrod ) .
Black & White Radio is the first single by Australian rock group British India , taken from their debut album Guillotine .
Greetings from L.A. is the seventh album by singer - songwriter Tim Buckley , released in 1972 .
`` Wasted Little DJs '' is the debut single by Dundee indie band The View , taken from the album Hats Off to the Buskers .
`` Jerry Was a Race Car Driver '' is the first single of Primus 's 1991 album Sailing the Seas of Cheese .
Seven Standards ( 1985 ) , Vols . 1 & 2 is a two volume set by free jazz musician Anthony Braxton .
Backspacer is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam , released on September 20 , 2009 .
Stay in Touch is the tenth studio album by a German singer Sandra , released in 2012 .
Evil Metal is an album released on Area Total in 1992 by Telectu featuring Elliott Sharp .
15 Big Ones is the 20th studio album by American rock group The Beach Boys released in July 1976 .
Get a Grip is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Aerosmith , released on April 20 , 1993 by Geffen Records .
`` Plug In Baby '' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse .
In My Head It Works is the second album by English band The Race , and was released in 2009 .
`` Helen Wheels '' is a song by Paul McCartney and Wings .
`` Olmaz Oğlan '' is a pop / R&B song for the Turkish girl group Hepsi 's debut album , Bir ( 2005 ) .
Emergency Broadcast is the fifth album by the Christian rock band White Heart and the band 's first with bass guitarist Tommy Sims .
Good King Bad is an album by American guitarist George Benson featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the CTI label .
The Same Channel is a collaborative album by American musician Fat Jon and Belgian musician Styrofoam .
`` Leaving on a Jet Plane '' is a song written by John Denver in 1966 and most famously recorded by Peter , Paul and Mary .
Lost in the Shadows is the first and only EP released by Vampires Everywhere!.
Eastsideridaz is an album by rapper , Goldie Loc , released in 2007 .
`` Seaside Woman '' is a 1977 single by Linda McCartney and Wings released under pseudonym Suzy and the Red Stripes .
`` One Big Family '' ( released 7 July 1997 ) was the second single by English band Embrace , from their debut album The Good Will Out .
Passion Session is the seventh album by Canadian guitarist Don Ross and his first on the Narada / Virgin label .
`` Theme from S - Express '' is an acid house song by English dance music band S'Express from their album Original Soundtrack .
`` You 'll See '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Madonna from her ballads compilation Something to Remember ( 1995 ) .
Feliciano ! is a 1968 album by Puerto Rican guitarist José Feliciano .
`` Even God Ca n't Change the Past '' is a pop song written by Rick Nowels , George O'Dowd and John Themis , produced by David Fortman for Charlotte Church 's fifth album Tissues and Issues ( 2005 ) .
Let 's Go Steady Again is a compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka .
Let Our Violins Be Heard is the fourth studio album by the rock group Scapegoat .
`` Sommerfuggel i vinterland '' ( meaning butterfly in winter land in English ) is a famous Norwegian language song written , composed and sung by Norwegian artist Halvdan Sivertsen .
`` The Party Continues '' is the lead single released from Jermaine Dupri 's debut studio album , Life in 1472 .
Make My Move is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer - songwriter Jason Blaine .
Under Parr is the fourth studio album by John Parr , released in 1996 .
From the Choirgirl Hotel is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos .
`` This Ai n't No Rag , It 's a Flag '' , is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released as a bonus track on their 2001 album Live!.
Rock Solid is the thirteenth studio album by the Commodores , released in 1988 .
`` 26 Cents '' , also written as `` 26¢ '' , is the debut song of the Canadian country music group The Wilkinsons .
`` Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely '' is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys , taken from their third studio album , Millennium ( 1999 ) .
`` Shoulda Woulda Coulda '' is a song by Beverley Knight , released as the second single from her album Who I Am .
Famous in the Last Century is the twenty - fourth studio album by the British rock band Status Quo , released in 2000 to largely negative reviews .
Wer Bist Du ? ( eng . `` Who Are You ? '' ) is the first full album by German industrial metal group Megaherz , following the limited edition release of their first album , Herzwerk .
`` I Wanna Be the Only One '' is a song by British R&B girl group Eternal .
`` The Most Beautiful Girl '' is a song recorded by Charlie Rich and written by Bill Sherrill , Norris Wilson , and Rory Bourke .
Surrounded by Thieves is the second album by Californian stoner metal band High on Fire .
`` Russian Spies / Occult Enemies '' is a single from Against Me ! , released as a 7 `` vinyl single on June 14 , 2011 on Sabot Productions .
`` Stand Up Tall '' is the fourth single released by the British rapper Dizzee Rascal and the lead single from his second album Showtime .
Newtral is the fifth studio album by Ikimono - gakari , released in Japan on February 29 , 2012 .
Dancing the Whole Way Home is the fourth studio album release by Swedish Singer - songwriter Miss Li .
Son of Cheep Thrills is a compilation album by Frank Zappa , with material from previously released albums .
`` Suffer Well '' is the third single from the album Playing the Angel by Depeche Mode , and their 43rd single overall .
Method to the Maadness is the UK rapper Kano 's fourth studio album .
My Name Will Live On is the fourth album from the Italian epic doom metal Doomsword , released in 2007 .
Down Here is the second album by American singer / songwriter Tracy Bonham .
Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me is the second studio album by the American post - hardcore band Touché Amoré .
Parallax Error Beheads You is the third studio album by Ben Jacobs under his stage name of Max Tundra .
Célio da Conceição Junior or simply Célio Junior ( born June 30 , 1986 in São Gonçalo ) , is a Brazilian central Midfielder .
Eli Sabiá Filho ( born 31 August 1988 in Mogi Guaçu ) is a Brazilian association footballer who last played for Criciúma , on loan from São Caetano .
Costel Câmpeanu ( born 14 May 1965 in Bacău ) is a former Romanian football player , currently being a football coach .
Pietro Balistreri ( born 14 January 1986 in Palermo ) is an Italian football player currently playing for Reggina Calcio .
Marian Marin ( born 11 September 1987 in Roman ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a central defender .
Siegfried Kapper was the literary pseudonym of Isaac Salomon Kapper ( 21 March 1821 , Smíchov -- 7 June 1879 , Prague ) , a Bohemian - born Austrian writer of Jewish origin .
Luis Eduardo Garzón ( nicknamed `` Lucho '' ) ( born February 11 , 1951 in Bogotá ) was the former Mayor of Bogotá ( 2004 - -2007 ) , a left - wing Colombian political activist and a former union leader .
Josip Alebić ( also known as Jozo or Joško , born 7 January 1947 in Hrvace ) is a former Croatian athlete .
Helena Solberg - Ladd ( Rio de Janeiro , June 17 , 1938 ) is a Brazilian screenwriter and filmmaker .
Pamela Brull sometimes credited as Pam Brull ( born Pamela Susan Brull August 25 , 1953 in Monterey Park , California ) is an American actress .
Corliss Williamson played basketball at Russellville High School , where he achieved numerous accolades .
Hélder Silva Santos ( born October 21 , 1988 in Três Corações , Minas Gerais ) or simply Hélder , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Ceará , on loan from Figueirense Futebol Clube .
José Luis Rugamas Portillo ( born 5 June 1953 in San Salvador ) is a Salvadoran football manager and former professional player .
General August Winter ( born 18 January 1897 , Munich - 16 February 1979 ) was a German officer and General of mountain troops in the German army during World War II .
Moses Montefiore was born in Leghorn ( Livorno in Italian ) , Tuscany in 1784 , to an Italian Jewish family based in Great Britain .
Tamocha Bedi is a Botswana footballer who currently plays as a striker for TAFIC .
Lau Ka Shing ( Chinese : 劉嘉城 ; Jyutping : lau4 gaa1 sing4 , born 13 August 1989 in Hong Kong ) is a professional footballer who last played for Happy Valley .
Fred Sablan ( born April 28 , 1970 ) is an American musician originally from Cupertino , California , who is best known for being the bassist for Marilyn Manson .
Daniel Haller ( born September 14 , 1926 in Glendale , California ) is an American film and television director , production designer , and art director .
Arthur George Klein ( 8 August 1904 , in New York City -- 20 February 1968 , in New York City ) was a United States Representative from New York .
Chet Raymo ( born September 17 , 1936 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) is a noted writer , educator and naturalist .
Phil Hobden ( born . 14 August 1976 in Lewes , England ) is a filmmaker and writer based in the South of England .
Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino came from the Paleari Fratino family of Morcote .
Uta Pippig ( born 7 September 1965 in Leipzig ) is a retired German Long - distance runner , and the first woman to officially win the Boston Marathon three consecutive times ( 1994 - -1996 ) .
Phanishwar Nath ' Renu ' was born on 4 March 1921 at village Aurahi Hingna near Forbesganj , in Araria district ( then Purnea district ) , Bihar .
Kurt Niklas Lindgren ( born June 26 , 1972 , in Sörmjöle , Umeå Municipality ) , known in the media prior to his arrest as Hagamannen ( `` The Haga Man '' ) , is a convicted Swedish serial rapist .
Osman Özköylü ( born August 26 , 1971 in Aydın ) is a retired Turkish footballer and current coach .
Damien Valero ( born 1965 ) is a French mixed media visual artist and professor of art and space through a partnership between Georgia Tech Paris Program USA , and l'École nationale supérieure d'architecture de Paris - La Villette .
Publio Fausto Andrelini ( ca . 1462 in Forlì -- 25 February 1518 ) was an Italian humanist poet , an intimate friend of Erasmus in the 1490s , who spread the New Learning in France .
William Baume was born into a notable family of watchmakers in the village of Les Bois in the Swiss Jura .
Fausto Klinger ( born 4 November 1976 in Cuenca ) is an Ecuadorian retired football player .
Jari Mantila ( born July 14 , 1971 in Kotka ) is a Finnish nordic combined athlete who competed from 1992 to 2003 .
Sreeram Ramachandran is an Indian film actor from Kozhikode .
Stefano Boeri is an Italian Architect and Urban Planner , born in Milan in 1956 , founding partner of Stefano Boeri Architetti .
Howard Kent Birnbaum ( 18 October 1932 Brooklyn , New York - 23 January 2005 Urbana , Illinois ) was an American metallurgist who was well known due to his works on the interaction of point , linear and planar defects in plastic deformation of materials .
Hugh Carroll Frazer ( February 22 , 1891 -- July 9 , 1975 ) was born in the Martinsburg , West Virginia .
Alec Urosevski ( Macedonian : Алек Урошевски , Alec Uroševski , born 15 February 1994 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a striker for Sydney United , on loan from Sydney FC .
I m a Hogg later recounted that `` my grandfather Stinson lived fifteen miles ( 24 km ) from Mineola and news traveled slowly .
Thomas Clifford Allbutt was born in Dewsbury , Yorkshire , the son of Rev. Thomas Allbutt , Vicar of Dewsbury and his wife Marianne , daughter of Robert Wooler , of Dewsbury ( 1801 - -1843 ) .
John Robin Warren AC ( born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide ) is an Australian pathologist , Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re - discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori , together with Barry Marshall .
Pilar Ruiz - Lapuente ( Barcelona , 1964 ) is an astrophysicist working as a professor in University of Barcelona .
Duccio Barker ( Rome , 7 February 1975 ) , better known as Duke Montana is an Italian underground rapper , actor and businessman , member of Italian hip hop crews Black Barz and ODEI Roma Clan and CEO of Golden Age Label .
Aladar Imre was born in 1898 in Bucharest to Imre Janos , an ethnic Hungarian lumberjack , and Maria Boer , of Romanian origins .
Denise Coffey ( born 12 December 1936 , Aldershot , Hampshire ) is an English actress , director and playwright .
Anya Lahiri ( born 1 May 1982 in Golders Green , London ) is a British actress , model , singer and fitness instructor who is of Indian and Finnish origin .
Steward Ceus ( born March 26 , 1987 in West Haverstraw , New York ) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks .
Cecilia Curbelo ( Montevideo , 23 January 1975 ) , also known as Ceci , is an Uruguayan journalist , columnist , writer and publishing .
Vīts Rimkus ( born 21 June 1973 in Riga ) is a Latvian former football striker .
Rick Alan Ross was adopted by Paul and Ethel Ross in Cleveland , Ohio in 1953 .
Roberto Pannunzi ( born Rome , March 4 , 1948 ) , also known as Bébé ( Baby ) , is an Italian criminal linked to the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organisation in Calabria .
Heinrich Reinhold was born in Gera , Thuringia , the younger half - brother of the landscape painter Friedrich Philipp Reinhold ( 1779 - 1840 ) .
Juanita Growing Thunder Fogarty was born in Castro Valley , California in 1969 ; however , her family comes from the Fort Peck Indian Reservation , where Juanita spent much of her childhood .
Alexandre Moos ( born December 22 , 1972 in Sierre ) is a Swiss professional mountain biker , currently riding for BMC Mountain Bike Racing Team .
Nathaniel Culverwell ( 1619 - -1651 ) , alternative spellings Nathanael or Culverwel ) was an English author and theologian , born in Middlesex .
Petro Doroshenko was born in Chyhyryn to a noble Cossack family with a strong leadership background .
Captain Rashid Sazmand Asfaranjan ( Persian : رشید سازمند , born 24 October 1951 , in Bandar - e Anzali ) is an Iranian manager .
Michalis Papazoglou was a Greek athlete from Constantinople .
Vladimir Popovkin was born on 25 September 1957 in Dushanbe , Tajik SSR , Soviet Union , where his father was serving in the 211st Tank Division .
Ahmad Kalzi ( Arabic : احمد كلزي ‎ ) ( born January 28 , 1987 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al - Jaish in the Syrian Premier League .
Alberto Olmedo ( Barrio Pichincha , Rosario , Santa Fe Province , August 24 , 1933 -- March 5 , 1988 ) was an Argentine comedian and actor .
Kenny Bundy ( born March 9 , 1981 in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is an American soccer player who spent time in the USL Second Division .
Los Angeles based actor , Kenn Woodard , started acting at the age of fourteen in his home state of Louisiana .
In 2014 , in the pituresque city center of Ghent , Filip Naudts founded Studio Guarda La Fotografia , a tourist guesthouse inspired by photography , and wherein some of Naudts ' photographic works play a major role .
Paul Rougnon was born in Poitiers the son of Louis Rougnon and Claire Clotilde Robin .
Brunet Zamora Fernandez ( born October 25 , 1974 in Havana ) is a Cuban born , Italian boxer .
Mohammed Azaay ( born 1 July 1976 in Tétouan , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - Dutch actor .
The fourth most prolific rebounder in Bradley basketball history , Barney Cable , a six - foot - seven forward from Rochester , Pennsylvania , was only the third BU player to be plucked in the NBA draft since the school went big time in 1938 .
Kristofer McNeeley ( born September 24 , 1974 in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ) is an American stage , film and television actor .
Davide Garbolino ( born September 24 , 1968 in Cirié ) is an Italian voice actor , dubbing director , and television presenter .
Pasquale Natuzzi ( Matera , March 24 , 1940 ) is an Italian entrepreneur and stylist , founder and chairman of the Natuzzi Group .
Dieter Hochheimer ( born 24 September 1952 in Hattersheim am Main ) is a former German football player and manager .
Elsa Joubert grew up in Paarl and matriculated from the all - girls school La Rochelle in Paarl in 1939 .
Lobsang Sangay ( Chinese : 洛桑森格་ , Tibetan : བློ་བཟང་སེང་གེ་ ; `` kind - hearted lion '' ; born 1968 in Darjeeling ) is a Tibetan legal scholar and politician .
Brendan Robinson ( born March 1 , 1990 in Portland , Oregon , USA ) is an American actor known for playing Lucas Gottesman on the ABC Family series Pretty Little Liars .
Mostafa Mastoor ( Persian : مصطفی مستور‎ ; born 1965 , Ahvaz ) is an Iranian writer , translator and researcher .
He was born in Hopkinsville , Kentucky to Barksdale Hamlett , Sr . and Daisey C. Hamlett .
Izabela Dylewska - Światowiak ( born March 16 , 1968 in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki ) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed from 1987 to 1997 .
Arun Pathak is an Indian politician and social activist from Varanasi .
Johnson was born in Washington , D.C. , on September 23 , 1883 , to William Tefft Johnson and his wife , Anne Wheeler Johnson .
Andrejs Dūda ( born October 30 , 1981 in Jelgava ) , is a Latvian swimmer , is a two - time Olympian and nine - time NCAA DIII national individual champion in swimming .
Silvio Danailov invented the worldwide famous anti - draw rule called Sofia Rule introduced for a first time in the super tournament MTel Masters 2005 in Sofia .
Jana Gantnerová ( born 15 July 1989 in Kežmarok ) is a Slovak Alpine skier .
Germano Rigotto ( born September 24 , 1949 in Caxias do Sul ) is a Brazilian politician currently affiliated to the PMDB party .
Penny Irving ( born 1955 in Hitchin , Hertfordshire , England ) is a former actress and Sun newspaper Page 3 model .
Carmelo Micciche ( born 16 August 1963 in Uckange , Moselle ) is a French former football striker .
Mario Bertoncini ( born 1932 , Rome ) is an Italian composer , pianist , and music educator .
Éder Monteiro Fernandes , known as Éder ( born 21 September 1983 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who signed up for Chennaiyin FC in Indian Super League , as a Central Defender On 5 August 2015 , he signed for Indian club Chennaiyin FC .
Anthony Leocadia Fletcher , son of Peter Fletcher and Helen Fletcher , was born on 9 December 1909 in a Christian family of Kerala .
Alan Bloom was himself the son of a market gardener at Over , Cambridgeshire .
Derek Whyte ( born 31 August 1968 in Glasgow ) is a former Scottish footballer who played for Celtic , Middlesbrough , Aberdeen and Partick Thistle .
Irving Reiner ( February 8 , 1924 , Brooklyn , New York -- October 28 , 1986 ) was a mathematician at the University of Illinois who worked on representation theory .
Craig Vetter ( born July 28 , 1942 , in Selma , Alabama ) is an American entrepreneur and motorcycle designer .
André Neher ( 22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988 ) was a Jewish scholar and philosopher , born 12 , rue du Marché , in Obernai , Bas - Rhin .
Herbert Wehner was born in Dresden , the son of a shoemaker .
Guila Bustabo was born in Manitowoc , Wisconsin , in 1916 as Teressina Bustabo .
Nerio Alessandri ( Gatteo ( FC ) , 8 April 1961 ) is an Italian entrepreneur and President and founder of Technogym ( since 1983 ) .
Kim Saigh ( born 25 June 1973 in Westlake , Ohio ) is an American tattoo artist and television personality .
Keith Prentice ( February 21 , 1940 -- September 27 , 1992 ) was a Dayton , Ohio - born American TV , film and stage actor , whose most famous role was the part of Larry in both the original stage and film versions of The Boys in the Band .
Dee Dee Sharp ( born Dione LaRue , September 9 , 1945 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States ) is an American R&B singer , who began her career recording as a backing vocalist in 1961 .
Antonín Koláček ( 7 August 1959 , Kroměříž ) is a former Czech manager and entrepreneur .
Ishrat Ali Siddiqui was born in 1919 in Hardoi , a small town on the banks of River Ganges in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Janne Josefsson ( born June 27 , 1957 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish investigative journalist who has had numerous shows on Sveriges Television such as Fittja Paradiso , Uppdrag Granskning and Debatt .
Thomas Muirhead Flett was born in July 28 , 1923 , in London , England , when his parents moved from Scotland to London .
Born in Baltimore , Maryland , Andrew Sterett was the son of John Sterett , a former Revolutionary War captain and a successful shipping merchant .
Adrianus of Tyre ( Ancient Greek : Αδριανός , c. 113 -- 193 ) , also written as Hadrian and Hadrianos , was a sophist of ancient Athens who flourished under the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Commodus .
Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez ( born March 22 , 1949 ) is a Mexican politician and former governor of Campeche .
Jeremy Borash ( born July 19 , 1974 in Minneapolis , Minnesota ) , is an American professional wrestling play - by - play commentator , announcer , ring announcer , booker , interviewer , producer , Professional Wrestler part - time in 2015 and website designer .
Juan Pablo Paz ( Buenos Aires , 1959- ) is an Argentinian physicist that works in the field of quantum computing .
Gabriel Slaughter was born in Culpeper County , Virginia on December 12 , 1767 , the son of Robert and Susannah ( Harrison ) Slaughter .
Kjell Kristian Rike ( 12 July 1944 -- 19 May 2008 ) was a Norwegian sports commentator , originally from Byglandsfjord .
Yevhen Kushnaryov was born in Kharkiv to migrants from Russia in 1951 .
Fr . José Gabriel Funes , S.J. ( born January 31 , 1963 in Córdoba ) , an Argentine Jesuit priest and astronomer , was the Director of the Vatican Observatory from August 19 , 2006 until September 18 , 2015 , when he was succeeded by Pope Francis 's appointment of the Reverend Brother Guy Consolmagno , S.J.
Alessandro Attene ( born 10 September 1977 in Recanati , Province of Macerata ) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the sprint .
Yami Gautam was born in Bilaspur , Himachal Pradesh in a Pahari - Punjabi family and was brought up in Chandigarh .
Christophe Lévêque ( born February 11 , 1973 in Saint - Ouen , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French professional `` Mid / Current School '' Bicycle Motocross ( BMX ) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1990 - 2003 .
Killian Scott is an Irish actor from Sandymount , Dublin .
Amina Annabi ( Arabic : أمينة العنابي , Amina Al - Annabi ) ( born 5 March 1962 , Carthage , Tunisia ) is a French - Tunisian singer - songwriter and actress , most famous for finishing second in the tied 1991 Eurovision Song Contest , held in Rome .
Tony Ayres ( born 16 July 1961 ) is a Portuguese Macau - born Australian showrunner , screenwriter , director in television and feature film .
Auxentius of Bithynia was a hermit born circa AD 400 in Syria , and died February 14 , 473 , on Mount Scopas .
Jérémy Labor ( born 19 March 1992 in Pontoise ) is a French football player who plays for I - League side DSK Shivajians .
Enrico Viarisio ( 3 December 1897 in Turin -- 1 November 1967 in Milan ) was an Italian theatre and cinema actor .
Paul Jean Clays ( 27 November 1819 -- 10 February 1900 ) , Belgian artist , was born at Bruges , and died at Brussels .
Pat Paterson ( 10 April 1910 -- 24 August 1978 ) was an Anglo - Scottish film actress , born in Bradford , West Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Zhu Rongji was born in Changsha , Hunan , to a family of intellectuals and wealthy landowners .
Norris Wright Cuney was born on May 12 , 1846 near Hempstead , Texas in the Brazos River valley .
Lydia Sherman ( Burlington , New Jersey , United States , Dec 24 , 1824 -- May 16 , 1878 ) , also known as The Derby Poisoner , was an American serial killer .
Bent Inge Johnsen ( born January 28 , 1972 in Mosjøen , Helgeland ) is the assistant manager of the Bodø / Glimt football team .
Anatol Vidrașcu ( April 2 , 1949 , Costuleni ) is an editor and activist from R.Moldova .
Vaughn Lowery is an actor , entertainer , and model who was born in Detroit , Michigan .
Thomas Kling was born in Bingen am Rhein , grew up in Hilden and went to school in Düsseldorf .
Norbert Kraft ( b. Linz , Austria , 1950 ) is a Canadian guitarist , music teacher , producer and arranger .
Colins Kelechi Osunwa ( born October 15 , 1984 in Rivers State ) is a Nigerian - born football striker .
Laurie Garrett ( born 1951 in Los Angeles , California ) is a Pulitzer prize - winning science journalist and writer of two bestselling books .
Éva Circé - Côté ( 1871 - -1949 ) , born Éva Circé in Montreal , was a journalist , a poet , a librarian and established the first public library in Montreal in 1903 .
Martin Mussard better known by his artistic name Naâman , ( born in Dieppe on 25 February 1990 ) is a French reggae singer with Ska , Blues , Folk , Hip Hop and Dancehall influences .
Linda Grubben ( née Linda Tjørhom , 13 September 1979 in Stavanger ) is a retired Norwegian biathlete .
Tigran Gharabaghtsyan ( Armenian : Տիգրան Ղարաբաղցյան , born 6 June 1984 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is a former Armenian football striker .
Zeev Hershkowitz is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Jaffa and Maccabi Netanya in the 1950s and 1960s .
Born in Beirut , Lebanon , Jean Kazandjian moved to France after winning the national art contest organized by the Sursock Museum in Beirut in 1962 .
Jan Lipšanský ( born 27 September 1968 , in Brno ) is a Czech journalist , screenplay writer , writer and stage director .
Liviu Antal ( born 2 June 1989 in Șimleu Silvaniei ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a winger for Pandurii Târgu Jiu , on loan from Israeli club Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Sarah French aka Scarlet Salem ( born April 22 , 1982 in Melrose , Minnesota , USA ) is an American Independent actress and model .
Claude Noël ( born October 31 , 1955 in Kirkland Lake , Ontario ) is a professional scout with the New Jersey Devils and former NHL player and head coach .
Frank Liddell ( born in Houston , Texas , United States ) is an American record producer .
Milenko Stojković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миленко Стојковић ; 1769 , Kličevac , Požarevac -- 1831 ) was a Serbian revolutionary and bimbaša in the First Serbian Uprising early in the 19th century .
Annely Ojastu ( born 10 August 1960 in Tartu ) is an Estonian Paralympic athlete .
George Glueck ( born June 28 , 1950 in Oradea , Romania ) is a music producer and artist manager .
Stephen Hanessian , OC , FRSC is a chemist and professor of Canadian and United States citizenship born on April 25 , 1935 in Alexandria , Egypt .
Mitch Cope , Fine Artist and Curator based in Detroit .
Reri Grist was born in New York City , grew up in the East River Housing Projects , attended the High School of Music and Art , majored in voice and graduated with a BA in Music from Queens College , City Univ . of New York .
Howard Spring was born in Cardiff , the son of a poor jobbing gardener .
Jon Sen is a British television and film director and writer born in Bradford in 1974 .
István Sándor was born in Szolnok in 1914 , the first year of the First World War .
Faruk Eczacıbaşı ( Istanbul , 1954 ) is a Turkish businessman .
Fedor Sokolov was born in Moscow , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union and was raised in Russia .
King Toffa I ( c.1850 - 1908 ) was a ruler of the kingdom of Hogbonu , or Ajase , an area of Benin which today is known as Porto - Novo .
Donald Crisp was born in Bow , London at the family home on 27 July 1882 .
Born in Marlborough , Massachusetts , Roy Nutt grew up in Glastonbury , Connecticut .
Austin Kowal ( born October 19 , 1985 ) is an American artist and entrepreneur in Sarasota , Florida .
Edmund Hlawka ( November 5 , 1916 , Bruck an der Mur , Styria -- February 19 , 2009 ) was an Austrian mathematician .
Miss Understood ( aka Alex Heimberg ) is an American drag queen originally from Levittown , New York , who has been based in New York City since the late 1980s .
Shai Haddad ( Hebrew : שי חדד‎ ; born 2 July 1987 in Ma'ale Adumim ) is an Israeli footballer who is currently Hapoel Katamon Jerusalem .
Trevor Quow ( born Peterborough , 28 September 1960 ) is an English former professional footballer .
James Gordon Legge was born in Hackney , London , England on 15 August 1863 , the eldest of eight sons .
Chris Kooy ( born June 11 , 1982 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian soccer player who played for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League .
François - Marie - Benjamin Richard was born in 1819 in Nantes and was one of eleven children .
Samantha James ( born June 13 , 1979 ) is an American dance - pop singer from Los Angeles known for her style of blending downtempo to uptempo dance music with soulful vocal styles .
Marco Saligari ( born 18 May 1965 in Sesto San Giovanni ) is a directeur sportif and former Italian road bicycle racer who raced during the 1990s .
Hall was born in Goshen , Connecticut , the son of Asaph Hall II ( 1800 - -42 ) , a clockmaker , and Hannah Palmer ( 1804 - -80 ) .
Benjamin Tupper , the youngest of eight children , was born in a precinct of Stoughton in Massachusetts , now a part of the town of Sharon , Massachusetts .
James Hamish Stuart ( born 8 October 1949 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is a guitarist , bassist , singer , composer and record producer .
David Fray was born in Tarbes , near the Pyrenees .
Bernie Raymond Blom , known as Kevin Blom ( born 21 February 1974 in Gouda ) , is a Dutch football referee , who officiates for FIFA and UEFA .
Nikolay Madoyan ( born June 1 , 1973 , in Yerevan ) is an Armenian - Jewish violinist .
Abdulbagi Zulalov , later known as Bulbuljan , was born in 1841 in Shusha ( then part of the Russian Empire , nowadays in Azerbaijan ) .
Maggie Cheung Man - yuk ( Chinese : 張曼玉 ; born 20 September 1964 ) is a Hong Kong actress .
Kot Cho Wai (; born 16 December 1991 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who played for Hong Kong First Division League club Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei , as a centre midfielder or a Right midfielder .
He was the grandson of Alfred Cowles , Sr . , who was a founder of the Chicago Tribune .
Ivan Pilip ( born 4 August 1963 in Prague ) is a Czech politician and economist who was Finance Minister from June 1997 to July 1998 , after having been the Minister of Education , Youth and Sport from 1994 to 1997 .
Rafael Alves Targino ( born 3 February 1989 ) most known as Rafael or Rafael Paraíba , is a Brazilian Striker who currently plays is free agent .
Alain Kirili lives and works in Paris and New York .
Julius of Novara ( Italian Giulio di Orta ) , also Julius of Aegina ( died 401 AD ) was a missionary priest to northern Italy .
Melissa Baker was born in Akron , Ohio , and grew up in nearby Cuyahoga Falls , graduating from Stow - Munroe Falls High School .
Ivo Mattozzi ( born June 6 , 1940 in Pescara ) , is a Professor at the University of Bologna , he teaches Methodology and Teaching of History .
Konstantinos Markoulakis , born in Athens in 1970 , is a Greek actor .
Aaron Parks ( born October 7 , 1983 , in Seattle , Washington ) is a jazz pianist .
Laurence Overmire ( born August 17 , 1957 , Rochester , NY ) is an American poet , author , actor , educator , genealogist , peace activist , civil rights , human rights , and animal rights advocate and environmentalist .
Rodrigo Frauches ( born September 28 , 1992 in São João de Meriti ) is a Brazilian football Centre back who plays for Boavista , on loan from Flamengo .
Phil Carmen ( born Herbert Hofmann , February 14 , 1953 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Swiss musician and producer of Canadian heritage .
Edmond Tomić ( born 10 November 1956 in Prizren , Kosovo , Yugoslavia ) is a former football player .
Kelis Rogers was born and raised in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Łukasz Parszczyński ( born 4 May 1985 in Warsaw ) is a Polish runner .
John Perry Barlow was born in Sublette County , Wyoming to parents Norman Barlow , a Republican state legislator , and his wife , Miriam .
Scott Matthews , is a singer / songwriter from Wolverhampton , England .
Liliane Chappuis ( 27 June 1955 in Fribourg -- 25 June 2007 ) was a Swiss politician from the Canton of Fribourg and member of the Swiss National Council ( 1999 - -2003 and 2007 ) .
Born in Detroit , Michigan , on October 16 , 1927 , Ray Johnson grew up in a working - class neighborhood and attended an occupational high school where he was enrolled in the advertising art program .
Celeste Headlee was born December 30 , 1969 , in Whittier , California , the daughter of Judith Anne Still , a writer , and Larry Headlee , a marine geologist .
Austra Skujytė ( born 12 August 1979 in Biržai ) is a Lithuanian athlete , competing in both the heptathlon and the decathlon .
Artūrs Vaičulis was born in Riga and as a kid he started playing football at his local youth club FK Auda .
Thierry Escaich ( born 8 May 1965 in Nogent - sur - Marne ) , is a French organist and composer .
Yelena Maglevannaya ( Russian : Елена Маглеванная , born 15 December 1981 ) is a Russian free - lance journalist for the newspaper Svobodnoye Slovo , Free Speech , in Volgograd .
Vincenzo Virga ( born 11 September 1936 in Erice , Province of Trapani ) is the boss of the Trapani Mafia family and mandamento since 1982 , when the previous boss , Salvatore Minore , was murdered .
Vuk Sotirović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Bук Coтиpoвић ; born July 13 , 1982 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football striker who last played for Novi Pazar in Serbian SuperLiga .
Nestoras Stefanidis ( born 13 April 1984 in Kilkis ) is a Greek footballer , playing for Agrotikos Asteras in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward .
Jorge Gomes Vieira ( Lisbon , 23 November 1898 -- 6 August 1986 ) , known as Jorge Vieira , was a Portuguese footballer .
Lei Clijsters was born on 6 November 1956 in Opitter , started his football career with local Opitter FC .
Martin Jakš ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmarcɪn ˈjakʃ ) ; born September 6 , 1986 in Plzeň , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech cross country skier who has competed since 2004 .
Lucilla Agosti ( born 8 September 1978 in Milan , Lombardy ) is an Italian radio and television presenter and actress .
Marcos Roberto Pereira dos Santos , usually known as Marcos ( born 29 August 1979 in Salto , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) striker .
Harry Carmean ( born August 5 , 1922 , in Anthony , Kansas ) is an American painter known for his figurative paintings based on the work of the old masters .
Deepti Bhatnagar was born in a Hindu Kayastha family from Meerut .
Stuart Weller ( 26 December 1870 , Maine , New York -- 1927 ) was an American paleontologist and geologist .
Lénora Guion - Firmin ( born 7 August 1991 in La Trinité , Martinique ) is a French athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 52.03 seconds at the 400 metres event .
Sonia Roco was born to then - Congressman Pablo Malasarte of Bilar and homemaker Petra Cubillo of Calape , Bohol .
The daughter of Ferman and Eleanor Schoonover , Gloria Jean was born Gloria Jean Schoonover in Buffalo , New York .
Darius McCollum ( born 1965 ) is a New York City resident with a lengthy arrest record for crimes related to trains and the New York City Subway system .
Stukely Westcott first appears on a public record when he was married in St. John 's Church in Yeovil , Somerset , England on 5 October 1619 to Juliann Marchante ; his marriage record indicated that he was from Ilminster , a town in Somerset about twelve miles west of Yeovil .
Émile Mayrisch 's father was Edouard Mayrisch , a doctor at court , and his mother was Mathilde Metz , the daughter of Adolf Metz , and niece of Norbert Metz , an industrialist at Eich and Dommeldange , and a government minister .
Miguel Ángel Asturias was born in Guatemala City on October 19 , 1899 , the first child of Ernesto Asturias Girón , a lawyer and judge , and María Rosales de Asturias , a schoolteacher .
Ioan Igna ( born June 4 , 1940 in Timișoara ) is a Romanian retired football referee .
Hermann Zapf was born in Nuremberg during turbulent times marked by the German Revolution of 1918 - -1919 in Munich and Berlin , the end of World War I , the exile of Kaiser Wilhelm , and the establishment of Bavaria as a free state by Kurt Eisner .
Otis Chandler ( November 23 , 1927 -- February 27 , 2006 ) was the publisher of the Los Angeles Times between 1960 and 1980 , leading a large expansion of the newspaper and its ambitions .
Ida Vitale ( born 2 November 1923 ) is a prolific writer from Montevideo She played an important role in the Uruguayan art movement known as the ' Generation of 45 ' :
Andrew McNally ( 1838 -- 7 May 1904 ) was born in Armagh , Northern Ireland , and immigrated to New York City in 1857 .
Adam Helmer was born in German Flatts , New York to Maria Barbara Kast , and George Friederich Helmer , who was born on June 9 , 1706 in Neustadt an der Weinstrasse a city in the Rhineland - Palatinate region in southwestern Germany .
Rudolf Moroder - Lenèrt ( 26 January 1877 in Urtijëi , County of Tyrol -- 22 December 1914 in Radlow , Galicia ) was an Austrian sculptor specializing in religious art , who was a member of the Moroder family of South Tyrol , which was notable for the many artists of repute they produced .
Gianpiero Fiorani ( Codogno , September 12 , 1959 ) , is an Italian banker and manager who was implicated in the Italian banking scandal of 2005 known as `` Bancopoli '' .
Christoph von Marschall was born in 1959 in Freiburg i m Breisgau .
Even before participrating `` Miss Ukraine '' Lika Roman was engaged in several charity activities in her native city Uzhhorod .
Helen Lundeberg was born in Chicago in on June 24 , 1908 , the eldest child of second - generation Swedish parents .
Dietrich Weise ( born 21 November 1934 in Gröben ) is a German footballer and football manager .
Joey Baron ( born June 26 , 1955 in Richmond , Virginia ) is an American avant - garde jazz drummer probably best known for his work with Bill Frisell , Stan Getz , Steve Kuhn , and John Zorn .
Joseph Hirsch ( born 1910 - died 1981 ) was an American painter , who was born in Philadelphia .
Carah Faye Charnow ( born August 3 , 1984 , in Santa Barbara , California ) is an American singer and songwriter .
Birgit Schrowange ( * 17 April 1958 in Nehden ) is a German television presenter .
De Lange was born in Rotterdam , the son of Johanna Molijn and Samuel de Lange Sr . , a music teacher and organist in Rotterdam .
Nicola Beati ( born 13 February 1983 in Perugia ) is an Italian footballer who played for Crotone and now Foligno Calcio .
Luís Idorildo Netto da Cunha or simply Luisinho Netto ( born April 6 , 1974 in Cachoeira do Sul ) , is a Brazilian former right back .
Chris Elley ( born September 15 , 1977 in San Antonio , Texas ) is the founder and current Director of Austin , Texas - based film production company Electro - Fish Media Inc. He holds two Emmy awards and two additional nominations .
Dee Roscioli ( born Danielle Marie Roscioli on July 20 , 1977 , in Easton , Pennsylvania ) is an American singer and actress , who is known for her performances as Elphaba in the Broadway , Chicago , San Francisco , and national touring productions of the musical Wicked .
Stephen Sommers was born in Indianapolis , Indiana , and grew up in St. Cloud , Minnesota , where he attended St. Cloud Apollo High School .
Tommaso de Pra ( born 16 December 1938 at Mortara ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer .
Luís Alimbrot ( 1400s -- 1460s ) , was a Netherlandish painter from Bruges who is known for his work in Spain .
Dorothy Burgess ( March 4 , 1907 -- August 20 , 1961 ) was a stage and motion picture actress from Los Angeles .
Paul Rolland , né Pali Reisman ( November 21 , 1911 , Budapest -- November 9 , 1978 , Illinois ) , was a violist and an influential American violin teacher who concentrated on the pedagogy of teaching fundamentals to beginning string students .
Born Helen Marguerite Clark in Avondale , Cincinnati , Ohio , she was the third child of Augustus `` Gus '' James and Helen Elizabeth Clark .
Giovan Battista Bellaso ( Brescia 1505 - - ... ) was an Italian cryptologist .
Dragotin Cvetko was born in Vučja Vas , a village in Styria , Austria - Hungary .
Ken Flaton ( June 28 , 1940 -- November 7 , 2004 ) was an American professional poker player who was born in New York City , New York and settled in Henderson , Nevada after serving in the US Army .
Keen was born in Philadelphia on January 19 , 1837 , the son of William Williams Keen , Sr . ( 1797 - 1882 ) and Susan Budd .
Alain Sutter ( born 22 January 1968 in Bern ) was one of the most successful Swiss football players during the 1990s .
Peter Lübeke ( born 26 November 1952 in Perleberg ) is a retired German footballer who played for Hamburg , Saarbrücken , Bayer Uerdingen , Hércules CF , Ajax and Eintracht Braunschweig .
Milton McCrory ( born February 7 , 1962 in Detroit , MI ) was a professional boxer in the welterweight ( 147 lb ) division .
Gianmarco Ingrosso ( born 28 January 1989 in Gagliano del Capo ) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Matera in the Lega Pro / C.
Rüştü Reçber ( pronounced ( ˈɾyʃty ˈɾetʃbeɾ ) ; born 10 May 1973 in Korkuteli ) is a retired Turkish international footballer and a current sports executive .
Mahmoud el - Meliguy was born to a Muslim family in the Megharbleen district in Cairo from a family of Kurdish origins .
Luigi Giuliano ( born 1949 ) is a former Italian Camorrista who was the boss of the powerful Giuliano clan , based in the district of Forcella , Naples .
Fabrice Poullain ( born August 27 , 1962 in Alençon ) is a French former professional football ( soccer ) player .
Teejan Bai ( born 24 April 1956 ) is an exponent of Pandavani , a traditional performing art form , from Chhattisgarh , in which she enacts tales from the Mahabharata , with musical accompaniments .
Nicolas Gessner ( born 17 August 1931 , in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian - born film maker who mostly worked in France .
Max Beckschäfer ( born 23 February 1952 in Münster ) is a German organist , composer and academic .
Katy Wix ( born 28 February 1980 in Cardiff ) is a Welsh actress and comedian .
Ilze Jaunalksne ( born : November 19 , 1976 in Jūrmala ) is a Latvian journalist and was an anchor for the current affairs program De Facto .
Martin Stapleton ( born 9 May 1983 in Rochdale , England ) , is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division .
Franz Johannes Wilhelm Weskamm was born in Helsen near Arolsen , roughly 175 km ( 110 miles ) north of Frankfurt .
Leopoldo Dante Tévez ( born March 22 , 1942 ) , known as Leo Dan , is an Argentine composer and singer born in Villa Atamisqui , Santiago del Estero Province .
Klaus Täuber ( born 17 January 1958 in Erlangen ) is a retired German footballer who played for and SpVgg Erlangen , 1 .
Aleksandar Jevtić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлекcaндap Jeвтић ) was born March 30 , 1985 in Šabac and is a Serbian football striker who is currently playing for Jagodina .
Andrew Curry ( born 2 July 1972 , Melbourne ) is an Australian comedian and actor who has appeared in many television drama and comedy series , and in feature films .
Bayano Kamani ( born 17 April 1980 in Houston , Texas ) is a Panamanian hurdler who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles .
Florian Dombois ( born 1966 in Berlin ) is an artist who focuses on time , landforms , labilities , seismic and tectonic activity , as well as on their various representational and media formats .
Lulinha was born in Mauá , a Brazilian municipality in the State of São Paulo .
Susie Fishbein was born in Oceanside , New York and raised in a strictly kosher home .
Cheryl Benard ( born in 1953 in New Orleans , United States ) is an adjunct researcher with the RAND Corporation and President of ARCH International , a DC - based non - profit research and advocacy organization dedicated to the support of cultural activism in all situations of post - conflict .
Georgia Glastris ( August 1 , 1992 ) in Chicago , USA is a Greek figure skater .
Salvatore Rampone ( born May 1 , 1962 in Benevento ) is an Italian scientist and bodybuilder .
Israel Davidson ( 1870 , Jonava , Lithuania - 1939 , Great Neck , New York ) was an American Jewish writer and publisher and has been recognized as one of the leading American Hebrew writers in his era .
Emanuel Schreiber ( December 13 , 1852 - -1932 ) was an American rabbi born at Leipnik , Moravia .
Baron Marc Bossuyt ( born 9 January 1944 in Ghent ) is a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague and a former judge at the Belgian Constitutional Court .
Annie Hall Cudlip was born Annie Hall Thomas , the only daughter of George Thomas , in Aldeburgh , Suffolk , on 25 October 1838 .
Yin Tiesheng ( simplified Chinese : 殷铁生 ; traditional Chinese : 殷鐵生 ; pinyin : Yīn Tiěshēng ; born August 16 , 1956 in Jinan , Shandong , China ) is a Chinese football coach and a former player .
Massimo Liverani ( born September 19 , 1961 ) is an Italian rally driver and co - driver born in Rocca San Casciano .
Peter Mars ( born 1959 in Portland , Oregon ) is an American artist with ties to both the Pop Art and Outsider Art movements .
Lorenzo Bertini ( born 1 June 1976 in Pontedera ) is an Italian rower .
Avraham Shapira ( Hebrew : אברהם אלקנה כהנא שפירא‎ ; 20 May 1914 , Jerusalem -- 27 September 2007 ) was a prominent rabbi in the Religious Zionist world .
Charlie Dawes ( born 13 September 1995 ) is an English footballer who most recently played for Chesterfield as a Forward .
Nigel Marples ( born November 3 , 1985 in Delta , British Columbia ) is an English - Canadian football player and coach .
Mathieu Chantelois ( born July 4 , 1973 in Montreal ) is a Canadian television personality and magazine editor .
Laurence Kinlan ( born 3 February 1983 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish actor in films , television series and on theatre stage .
Born in Palma , Majorca , Rafita made his senior debuts with local RCD Mallorca 's reserves in the third division .
Reginald Bretnor himself was born in Vladivostok , Russia .
Sergio Pitol Deméneghi ( born 18 March 1933 in Puebla ) is a prominent Mexican writer , translator and diplomat .
Anne Maeve Binchy was born on 28 May 1939 in Dalkey , the oldest of the four children of William and Maureen ( née Blackmore ) Binchy .
Redol was born in Vila Franca de Xira to António Redol da Cruz , shopkeeper , and Inocência Alves Redol .
Ira Newborn ( born December 26 , 1949 in New York City ) is an American musician and composer , best known for his work composing motion picture soundtracks .
Jannich Storch began his youth career at his hometown club of Helsinge Fodbold , where he was later picked up by Superliga team F.C. Nordsjælland in February 2009 .
Elizaveta Axenova ( born 11 September 1995 in Krasnoyarsk ) is a Russian - born Kazakhstani luger .
Joe Sherlock was born in Kildorrery , County Cork and was educated at the local national school .
Born in Quibdó , Chocó , Francisco Maturana moved with his family at an early age to the city of Medellín .
Born in Barnstaple to a family of actors , British motion picture director Walter Summers began his career in the family trade ; his first contact with filmmaking was as an assistant to American director George Loane Tucker , who worked for the English London Films unit from 1914 to 1916 .
Jennifer Hammon was born in Orlando , Florida and attended Winter Park High School in the early 1990s and was a member of International Thespian Society Troupe 850 ( other notable alums include Amanda Bearse , Billy Gardell , and Ben Rock from The Blair Witch Project ) .
Charlie Ahearn ( born 1951 in Binghamton , New York ) is an American film director and creative cultural artist living in New York City .
Marie - Sissi Labrèche ( born 1969 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian writer , most noted as the cowriter of the 2008 film Borderline .
Georgios Sikalias ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σικαλιάς ; born 25 March 1986 in Athens ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Karaiskakis FC .
Born in Paris , Patrick Ali Pahlavi is the son of Prince Ali Reza Pahlavi and his wife Christiane Cholewski , a Frenchwoman , although no record of his parents ' 20 November 1946 wedding in the 16th arrondissement of Paris , France , is on official record there .
Wing Young Huie is an American photographer born in Duluth , Minnesota in 1955 .
Cees Lok ( Emmeloord , 18 August 1966 ) is a former Dutch professional footballer , football trainer and now technical manager .
Gustaf Munch - Petersen grew up in a rich and respectable home ; he was son of Valfrid Palmgren , a Swedish born Associate Professor in Swedish at Copenhagen University and Jon Julius Munch - Petersen , Professor in Engineering Research at the Polytechnic School .
John Ledford ( born August 19 , 1968 in Houston , Texas ) is a creative entrepreneur and business pioneer in the American anime industry .
Annick Thoumazeau ( born in Fréjus in 1960 ) is a French singer .
Friedrich Ehmann 's birthplace in the Kingdom of Württemberg can be deduced by its custom of awarding their military medals solely to their own citizens .
Shari Watson ( born October 10 , 1971 , St. Louis , Missouri ) , known as Truth Hurts , is an American Contemporary R&B singer - songwriter .
Frederica Jansz is a Sri Lankan journalist and former editor of The Sunday Leader , during her period of employment she was highly critical of Sri Lanka 's government and was subject to frequent intimidation and harassment and to acts of arson .
Christer Lindarw , born 3 March 1953 in Eskilstuna , Södermanlands län , is a Swedish clothes designer , drag queen entertainer , and the leader of dragshow group After Dark .
Stewart Petrie ( born 27 February 1970 in Dundee , Scotland ) is a Scottish football player and coach .
Pompilio Cacho Valerio ( born 22 December 1976 in Tela ) is a former Honduran football player who plays as forward .
Gwen ferch Ellis ( lit . trans . `` Gwen the daughter of Ellis '' ) was born around 1542 in Llandyrnog in the Vale of Clwyd .
Adel Habib Beldi ( Arabic : عادل حبيب بلدي‎ , born July 9 , 1994 lin Annaba ) is an Algerian football player .
Lin Di ( Chinese : 林笛 ; pinyin : Lín Dí ; born 1975 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese musician , composer , and vocalist .
Esin Hakaj ( born 12 December 1996 in Shkodër ) is an Albanian football player who plays as a left back for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga .
Sven Pettersson ( born July 24 , 1927 in Härnösand ) is a Swedish ski jumper who competed in the 1950s .
John Caradja or John George Caradja ( Greek : Ἰωάννης Γεώργιος Καρατζάς , Ioannis Georgios Karatzas ; Romanian : Ioan Gheorghe Caragea ; French : Jean Georges Caradja ; 1754 , Constantinople -- 1844 , Athens ) was a Phanariote Prince of Wallachia , who reigned between 1812 and 1818 .
Andreas Perlach , also known as Andreas Perlacher and Andreas Perlachius ex Wittschein Stiriensis , ( 1490 - -1551 ) was born in Svečina , in the Habsburg empire ( now in Slovenia ) .
Femi Emiola was born in Iowa City , Iowa to a Filipina mother and a Nigerian father , then both PhD candidates at the University of Iowa .
George Brittain ( born 1821 , Chester , England ) was Locomotive Superintendent of the Caledonian Railway from 1876 to 1882 , between Benjamin Connor and Dugald Drummond .
Born in Beijing , Jean Pasqualini was the son of a Chinese mother and a Corsican French father .
Alain Pellet ( born 2 January 1947 ) teaches international law and international economic law at the Université de Paris Ouest - Nanterre La Défense .
Josh Alan Friedman ( born February 22 , 1956 ) is an American musician , writer , editor and journalist , who has worked in New York and Dallas .
Corporal Sidney William Ware , VC , was born in November 1892 at Whatcombe in the Parish of Winterborne Whitechurch , Dorset .
Themis Rigas ( Greek : Θέμης Ρήγας ) ( born 1945 - died 13 January 1984 ) , popularly nicknamed The Train , is a former Greek footballer ( winger ) born in Patras .
André Alexis ( born 15 January 1957 in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago ) is a Canadian writer who grew up in Ottawa and currently lives in Toronto , Ontario .
Philemon Holland , born at Chelmsford , Essex , in 1552 , was the son of John Holland ( d.1578 ) , a member of the same Norfolk family as John Holland , 1st Baron Holland ( 1603 - -1701 ) .
Arturo Naón ( born 31 December 1912 in La Plata , died 5 May 1999 ) was an Argentine football ( soccer ) striker .
Heinz Felfe was born in Dresden , in the southern part of what was then the central part of Germany .
Paul Marek , ( born 25 July 1964 in Mount Isa ) , Australian politician , was the National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 2 March 1996 until 3 October 1998 , representing the Division of Capricornia , Queensland .
Victor Santiago , Jr. ( born September 6 , 1977 ) , best known by his stage names Noreaga and N.O.R.E. , is an American hip hop and reggaeton recording artist from Queens , New York City .
After completing secondary school in Verdun in 1924 , Marcel Baltazard began studying medicine in Paris , determined to become a clinician .
Frank Monte ( June 21 , 1931 in South Philadelphia -- May 13 , 1982 in South Philadelphia ) was a member of the Philadelphia crime family .
Francisco Rafael Arellano Félix was born in Culiacán , Sinaloa , on 24 October 1949 , to Benjamín Francisco Arellano Sánchez ( father ) and Norma Alicia Félix Zazueta ( mother ) .
Anders Holmertz ( born 1 December 1968 in Motala ) is a Swedish retired swimmer who was a leader in freestyle ( 200 and 400 meters ) races in the 1980s and at the beginning of the 1990s , though often missing personal success .
Giuseppe Tellera ( March 14 , 1882 in Bologna -- February 7 , 1941 ) was a general in the Italian Army during World War II .
Christopher Randolph ( born 1959 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American actor known for providing the English voice for Hal `` Otacon '' Emmerich and his father , Dr. `` Huey '' Emmerich , in the Metal Gear series .
Victor Löw ( born 25 August 1962 in Amsterdam ; originally Victor Löwenstein ) , is a Dutch actor .
James Monk was born in 1745 at Boston , Massachusetts , and christened at King 's Chapel .
Derek Tsang Kwok - cheung ( 曾國祥 ) , ( born 8 November 1979 in Wuhua , Guangdong , China ) is a Hong Kong actor , film director .
Anna Clyne ( born 9 March 1980 , London ) is a British - born composer , now resident in the USA .
Roy Maloy ( born Roy Timothy McPherson , 27 October 1975 in Melbourne , Victoria ) , is an Australian stilt walker , fire breather , stunt performer , and the holder of several records .
Elliott Sharp ( born March 1 , 1951 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American classical multi - instrumentalist , composer , and performer .
Cazale was born in Revere , Massachusetts to an Irish - American mother , Cecilia ( née Holland ) , and an Italian - American father , John Cazale .
Juan Esteban Ortiz ( Medellín , August 29 , 1987 ) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays in Major League Soccer for FC Dallas as a midfielder .
Chardón ( birth name : Carlos Fernando Chardón Palacios ) was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , to Carlos Felix Chardón and Isabel Palacios Pelletier .
Esther Béjarano ( born 15 December 1924 in Saarlouis ) and Anita Lasker Wallfisch are among the last survivors of the Women 's Orchestra of Auschwitz .
Jochen Behle ( born 7 July 1960 in Korbach , Hesse ) is a former ( West ) German cross - country skier who competed from 1982 to 1998 .
Joe Lizura was born in Perth Amboy , New Jersey in 1961 and was raised in Piscataway , New Jersey .
Valery Kobzarenko ( born 5 February 1977 in Kiev , Ukraine ) is a professional track and road bicycle racer who currently rides for the Suren Cycling Team .
Sue Casey ( born April 8 , 1926 , in Los Angeles , California ) is an American actress and Hollywood extra who appeared in over 85 productions between the years 1945 and 2002 .
Rickard Olsson , ( born 7 February 1967 in Gävle ) is a Swedish television and radio presenter .
Leandro Guaita ( born 19 May 1986 in La Plata ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a Winger for CD Vida in the Liga Nacional de Honduras , who is the first and highest division of football in Honduras .
Hilsman was born on November 23 , 1919 , in Waco , Texas the son of Roger Hilsman , Sr . , a career officer with the United States Army , and Emma Prendergast Hilsman .
David Shilling was born in London in 1956 and attended St Paul 's School , London .
Fauja Singh was born in Beas Pind , Jalandhar , Punjab , British India on 1 April 1911 , the youngest of four children .
Frank Wild was born in Skelton - in - Cleveland , North Riding of Yorkshire , the eldest of eight sons and three daughters born to schoolteacher Benjamin Wild and his seamstress wife Mary ( née Cook ) .
Tom Pappas ( born September 6 , 1976 in Azalea , Oregon ) is an American track & field decathlete .
Synan Braddish ( born 27 January 1958 , Finglas , County Dublin , Republic of Ireland ) is a former Irish footballer who spent most of his career playing in the League of Ireland , most notably with Dundalk .
Miroslav Singer ( born 14 May 1968 , Prague ) is a Czech economist and currently ( from 1 July 2010 ) the Governor of the Czech National Bank .
Ariane Lavigne ( born 8 October 1984 at Sainte - Agathe - des - Monts , Quebec ) is a Canadian snowboarder .
Dan Chiasson ( born May 9 , 1971 , in Burlington , Vermont ) is an American poet , critic , and journalist .
New York City proclaimed July 25 , 1995 as Gloria Lynne Day .
Song Zhiwei ( Chinese : 宋志伟 ; Pinyin : Sòng Zhìwěi ; born 19 March 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Wuhan Zall .
Born in Conceição do Araguaia , Pará , Victor Oliveira graduated with Corinthians ' youth setup .
Will Marion Cook ( né William Mercer Cook ) was born in Washington , D.C. to John Hartwell Cook , dean of the Howard University School of Law , and his wife , Isabel .
Bai Jiajun ( Chinese : 柏佳骏 ; Pinyin : Bǎi Jiājùn ; born 20 March 1991 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua as a left back or center back .
Hanna Tetteh was born in Szeged , Hungary to a Ghanaian father and Hungarian mother .
Baby Dee ( born 1953 ) is an American performance artist , multi - instrumentalist , and singer - songwriter from Cleveland , Ohio .
Krishnan Guru - Murthy ( born Sri Krishnan Guru - Murthy , 5 April 1970 in Liverpool , Merseyside ) is a journalist on Channel 4 .
Yuri Kara was born on 12 November 1954 in the Ukrainian city of Stalino , which is now called Donetsk .
Stefania Pirozzi ( born 16 December 1993 in Benevento ) is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Women 's 400 m individual medley .
João Batista Casemiro Marques ( born March 4 , 1975 in Santana de Cataguases ) is a Brazilian - Turkish footballer player for Mersin İdmanyurdu .
Svetlana Grankovskaya ( also spelt Svetlana Grankovskaia , born 22 February 1976 ) is an Ukrainian track racing cyclist from Kharkiv , and four times world champion .
Gregory Goodwin Pincus was born in Woodbine , New Jersey , into a Jewish family , the son of Polish - born immigrants Elizabeth ( née Lipman ) and Joseph Pincus , an agriculture teacher .
Pierre Quantin ( born in Fervaques , Calvados , 19 June 1759 - died 7 February 1824 ) was a French general .
Monique Noirot ( born Wideman on 10 October 1941 at Talence ) is a former French athlete who specialised in the 400 meters .
Iosi Havilio ( born in Buenos Aires , 1974 ) is an Argentine author .
Frie Leysen ( born in Hasselt in 1950 ) is a Belgian festival director .
Wolfgang Rauchfuß ( 27 November 1931 , in Grüna -- 15 August 2005 , in Berlin ) was a member of the Politburo of East Germany 's ruling SED ( party ) .
Władysław Santarius ( also known as Vladislav Santarius ) ( 12 November 1915 in Stonava , Austrian Silesia -- 5 June 1989 in Havířov , Czechoslovakia ) was a Polish Lutheran Evangelical pastor , one of the most significant Christian leaders in Czechoslovakia during the Communist era .
Sander Thoenes ( November 7 , 1968 -- September 21 , 1999 ) was a Dutch journalist who was killed , near Dili in East Timor , by soldiers of Indonesian army .
Johann Georg Holtzhey ( 1729 , Amsterdam -- 1808 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century Dutch medallist and mint master .
A native of Saint Petersburg , Bruno Freindlich began his career as an actor performing for audiences of children .
Iwan Martua Lokot Dongan Simatupang , more commonly known as Iwan Simatupang ( 18 January 1928 in Sibolga , North Sumatra -- 4 August 1970 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) was an Indonesian novelist , poet and essayist .
Michel Seurat was a sociologist and researcher at the CNRS , born 14 August 1947 in Tunisia and died in Beirut in 1986 .
Francisco Cervantes de Salazar ( 1514 ? -- 1575 ) was a Spanish man of letters and rector of the Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico , founded in 1551 .
Angela Gregory ( October 18 , 1903 -- February 13 , 1990 ) was an American sculptor and professor of art . Born in New Orleans , Louisiana , Gregory has been called the doyenne of Louisiana sculpture .
Eustorgius II ( Italian : Eustorgio ) was Archbishop of Milan from c. 511 to 518 .
Nikolay Breshko - Breshkovsky ( Russian : Никола́й Никола́евич Бре́шко-Брешко́вский , also transcribed as Nikolaĭ Brechko - Brechkovskiĭ etc . ; 20 ( O.S. 8) February 1874 , Saint Petersburg -- 23/24 August 1943 , Berlin ) was a Russian writer , a son of the renowned revolutionary Catherine Breshkovsky .
Mario Ardissone ( born 9 October 1900 in Vercelli ; died in 1975 ) was an Italian football player .
Antonio Dusi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly active in Brescia .
Simon Fraser , 11th Lord Lovat ( c. 1667 -- 9 April 1747 , London ) , was a Scottish Jacobite and Chief of Clan Fraser of Lovat , who was famous for his violent feuding and his changes of allegiance .
Wilhelm von Lenz ( born 20 May 1809 in Riga - died 7 January 1883 in Saint Petersburg ) was a Baltic German Russian official and writer .
Maria Treben née Günzel ( 27 September 1907 , Žatec , Bohemia - 26 July 1991 , Grieskirchen , Austria ) was an Austrian author and herbalist who came to fame in the 1980s for her books .
On October 14 , 2006 , Nancy Lynn was flying her Extra Flugzeugbau GMBH 300 in the Culpeper Airfest at the Culpeper Regional Airport ( CJR ) , Culpeper , Virginia .
Tomislav Ladan ( 25 June 1932 -- 12 September 2008 , Zagreb , Croatia ) was a Croatian essayist , critic , translator and novelist .
Gilardo Gilardi ( May 25 , 1889 - January 16 , 1963 ) was an Argentine composer , pianist , and conductor who was the eponym of the Gilardo Gilardi Conservatory of Music in La Plata , Buenos Aires .
Bernardo de Iturriaza ( 1608 , Ezcaray , La Rioja , Spain -- 1678 , Lima ) was a Spanish judge and colonial official .
Giovanni Martino or Giovanni Martini , also known as John Martin ( 1852 , Sala Consilina - 24 December 1922 , New York City ) was an Italian - American soldier and trumpeter .
Emil Seckel ( 10 January 1864 , Neuenheim bei Heidelberg -- 26 April 1924 , Todtmoos ) was a German jurist , law historian .
György Györffy ( Szucság ( Romanian : Suceagu ) , 26 September 1917 -- Budapest , 19 December 2000 ) was a Hungarian historian , and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences ( Hungarian : MTA ) .
William Burgess Pryer ( 7 March 1843 in London , England ; -- 7 January 1899 in Suez , Egypt ) was the first British Resident in North Borneo and the founder of the modern Sandakan .
Gustav Schönleber ( born December 3 , 1851 in Bietigheim , died February 1 , 1917 in Karlsruhe ) was a German landscape painter .
Henri - Pierre Picou ( Nantes 27 February 1824 -- 17 July 1895 ) was a French painter .
Haroun Tazieff ( Warsaw , 11 May 1914 -- Paris , 2 February 1998 ) was a French volcanologist and geologist .
Oswalt Kolle ( 2 October 1928 , Kiel -- 24 September 2010 , Amsterdam ) was a German sex educator , who became famous during the late 1960s and early 1970s for his numerous pioneering books and films on human sexuality .
Jakob Erdheim ( 24 May 1874 , Boryslav , Galicia -- 18 April 1937 , Vienna ) was an Austrian pathologist .
Hans Gerle ( c.1500 , Nuremberg - 1570 , Nuremberg ) was a German lutenist and arranger of the Renaissance .
Canada Lee was born Leonard Lionel Cornelius Canegata on March 3 , 1907 , in New York City .
Lorenzo Panepinto ( January 4 , 1865 in Santo Stefano Quisquina -- May 16 , 1911 in Santo Stefano Quisquina ) was an Italian politician and teacher .
Turgut Atakol ( 1915 in Istanbul , Turkey -- April 9 , 1988 in Istanbul ) was a Turkish basketball player , referee and sports official .
Christoph Amberger ( c. 1505 -- 1562 ) was a painter of Augsburg in the 16th century , a disciple of Hans Holbein , his principal work being the history of Joseph in twelve pictures .
Jules - Jean Ravel ( 6 March 1901 , Guillaumes - 19 June 1986 , Nice ) , was a Communist politician and trade union organizer in Nice , France .
Te - ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe was an 18th - century Limbu scholar , educator , historian , linguist , leader , and philosopher of Limbuwan and Sikkim .
Napoléon Henri Reber ( 21 October 1807 , Mulhouse , Alsace -- 24 November 1880 , Paris ) was a French composer .
Hugo Fregonese ( April 8 , 1908 , Mendoza -- January 17 , 1987 , Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film director who worked both in Hollywood and Argentina .
Zdenek of Sternberg ( rarely Zdeněk of Šternberk , Czech : Zdeněk Konopišťský ze Šternberka , b. 1410 - d. December 4 , 1476 in Wiener Neustadt ) was a Bohemian noble , diplomat and politician from the Sternberg ( Czech : Šternberk ) family .
William V. Skall ( October 5 , 1897 , Chicago -- March 22 , 1976 , Los Angeles ) was an American cinematographer who specialized in Technicolor .
Gustav Kafka ( July 23 , 1883 , Vienna -- February 12 , 1953 , Veitshöchheim bei Würzburg ) was an Austrian philosopher , psychologist .
Rabbi Yisroel ben Ze'ev Wolf Lipkin , also known as `` Yisroel Salanter '' or `` Israel Salanter '' ( November 3 , 1810 , Zhagory -- February 2 , 1883 , Königsberg ) , was the father of the Musar movement in Orthodox Judaism and a famed Rosh yeshiva and Talmudist .
Elsie Eaves died March 27 , 1983 in Roslyn , New York , aged 84 .
Eugen Ruffínyi ( 1 March 1846 , Dobsina , Hungary -- 13 January 1924 , Dobšiná , Czechoslovakia ) was a mining engineer and amateur speleologist who , together with Gustav Lang und Andreas Méga , was the first to explore the Dobšinská Ice Cave .
Fernand Charron ( 30 May 1866 , in Angers -- 13 August 1928 , in Maisons - Laffitte ) was a French pioneer of motor racing and automobile manufacturing .
Robert Kuwałek ( born 1966 in Lublin , died 5 June 2014 in Lviv ) was a Polish historian , noted for his work on the history of the Jewish community in the Lublin area and on the Holocaust .
Gustaf Söderberg ( born Norrköping , 1799 - died Stockholm , 1875 ) was a Swedish painter and soldier .
Richard Riemerschmid ( 20 June 1868 -- 13 April 1957 ) was a German architect , painter , designer and city planner from Munich .
Guido Tarlati ( died 1327 ) was a lord and Bishop of Arezzo .
Peter Lee Lawrence born Karl Hyrenbach ( February 21 , 1944 in Lindau , Germany -- April 20 , 1974 in Rome , Italy ) , was a German actor and a citizen of France .
Nuvolone Alberici ( alternatively Nuvelonus , Nubelo , or Nebolonus ) was a diplomat and statesman of the early Republic of Genoa during some of its formative years .
Karl Walther ( * August 19 , 1905 in Zeitz ; † June 9 , 1981 in Seeshaupt ) was a painter of the German late impressionism .
Jabir Novruz started his work activity as a literary worker at the literary department of the evening newspaper `` Baku '' in 1958 .
Georg Janny ( 20 May 1864 , Vienna - 21 February 1935 , Vienna ) was an Austrian landscape painter and set designer .
Bertold Löffler ( 28 September 1874 , Liberec -- 23 March 1960 , Vienna ) was an Austrian painter , printmaker , and designer .
Ioseb Grishashvili ( Georgian : იოსებ გრიშაშვილი ) was a penname of Ioseb Mamulishvili ( Georgian : იოსებ მამულიშვილი ; born 12 April/24 April 1889 , Georgia , Tbilisi - died 3 August 1965 , Tbilisi ) was a noted poet and historian from Georgia .
Josef Klehr ( October 17 , 1904 , Langenau , Upper Silesia -- August 23 , 1988 , Leiferde ) was an SS - Oberscharführer , supervisor in several Nazi concentration camps and head of the SS disinfection commando at Auschwitz concentration camp .
Felipe Santiago Benítez Ávalos ( May 1 , 1926 -- March 19 , 2009 ) was the Paraguayan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Asunción from his appointment on May 20 , 1989 , until his retirement on June 12 , 2002 .
Giovanni Francesco Crivelli ( Venice , 20 Sep 1690 -- 20 Sep 1743 ) was a Venetian priest .
René Vietto ( 17 February 1914 , Le Cannet , Alpes - Maritimes -- 14 October 1988 , Orange , Vaucluse ) was a French road racing cyclist .
Çetin Alp ( June 21 , 1947 , Malatya -- May 18 , 2004 , Istanbul ) was a Turkish pop music singer .
Wilson Ruffin Abbott ( 1801 - -1876 ) was an American - born Black Canadian and successful businessman and landowner in Toronto , Ontario .
Matthijs Bril or Matthijs Bril the Younger ( 1550 , Antwerp -- 8 June 1583 , Rome ) was a Flemish painter specialised in landscapes .
Leon Barszczewski ( February 20 , 1849 in Warsaw -- March 19 , 1910 in Częstochowa ) was a Polish soldier , topographer , explorer of the Central Asia culture , naturalist , and glaciologer .
Maja Petrin was born in Zagreb , and died suddenly at her home in Zagreb from heart failure on 4 March 2014 , aged 41 .
Pyotr Grigoryevich Grigoryev ( Russian : Петр Григорьевич Григорьев ) ( born January 3 , 1899 in Saint Petersburg ; died November 12 , 1942 in Leningrad during the Siege of Leningrad ) was a Soviet football player .
Giuseppe Lahoz Ortiz , also known as Giuseppe La Hoz ( Mantua , 1766 -- Ancona , 13 September 1799 ) was an italian general , jacobine and patriot , who served the Austrian Empire , the Cisalpine Republic and then fought in the Italian anti - french insurrections in 1799 .
Antoine Léon Morel - Fatio ( born 1810 in Rouen − d. 1871 in Paris ) was a French naval painter , peintre officiel de la Marine , curator of the naval and ethnographic museum of the Louvre , and mayor of the 20th arrondissement of Paris .
Johann Heinrich Roos ( 29 September 1631 , Otterberg -- 3 October 1685 , Frankfurt ) was a German Baroque era landscape painter and etcher .
Dorothy Buffum Chandler ( May 19 , 1901 -- July 6 , 1997 ) was a Los Angeles cultural leader .
Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae ( born ca . 17 December 1724 in Hanover , died 1 May 1793 in Hanover ) , often known as J.G.R. Andreae or I.G.R. Andreae , was a Hanoverian natural scientist , chemist , geologist , court pharmacist ( Hofapotheker ) and alchemist in the Age of Enlightenment .
Almon Brown Strowger ( February 11 , 1839 in Penfield , New York , United States -- May 26 , 1902 in St. Petersburg , Florida , United States ) gave his name to the electromechanical telephone exchange technology that his invention and patent inspired .
John W. Lavelle ( January 26 , 1949 -- January 24 , 2007 ) formerly represented the 61st Assembly District in the New York State Assembly , which comprises much of the North Shore of Staten Island .
Emanuele Tesauro ( 1592 - -1675 ) was a rhetorician , dramatist , Marinist poet , and historian from Turin .
Ottone Rosai ( Florence , 1895 -- Ivrea ( Turin ) , 1957 ) was an Italian painter .
Alec Wilder ( born Alexander Lafayette Chew Wilder in Rochester , New York , February 16 , 1907 ; d. Gainesville , Florida , December 24 , 1980 ) was an American composer .
Ottó Dóra ( 1 June 1962 -- 29 November 2015 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as mayor of Salgótarján from 12 October 2014 until his death .
Pehr Henrik Ling ( 15 November 1766 in Södra Ljunga -- 3 May 1839 in Stockholm ) pioneered the teaching of physical education in Sweden .
Franz Hofmeister ( 30 August 1850 , Prague -- 26 July 1922 , Würzburg ) was an early protein scientist , and is famous for his studies of salts that influence the solubility and conformational stability of proteins .
Emilio Núñez ( born Juan Emilio de la Caridad Núñez y Rodriguez on 27 December 1855 in Esperanza , Las Villas , Cuba - 5 May 1922 in Havana , Cuba ) was a Cuban - American soldier , dentist , and politician .
Karel Ooms ( 27 January 1845 , Dessel - 18 March 1900 , Cannes ) was a Belgian painter of portraits , genre paintings and history paintings .
When Jean de La Forêt died in Constantinople in 1537 , he was succeeded by Antonio Rincon as official Ambassador .
José Escolástico Andrino ( 1817 , in Guatemala City -- July 14 , 1862 in San Salvador ) was a Salvadoran composer , considered to be the founder of the classical music scene in his country .
Kamel Messaoudi ( Arabic : كمال مسعودي‎ ) , ( 30 January 1961 ; Bouzaréah , Algeria -- 10 December 1998 ; Algiers ) was an Algerian Chaabi music performer .
Zvi Yavetz ( 26 April 1925 -- 7 January 2013 ) was a leading Israeli historian , emeritus professor of ancient history at Tel Aviv University and a Holocaust survivor .
John Pascoe Fawkner ( 20 October 1792 -- 4 September 1869 ) was an early pioneer , businessman and politician of Melbourne , Australia .
Marie Alexandre Lenoir ( 27 December 1761 , Paris -- 11 June 1839 ) was a French archaeologist .
Floris van Wevelinkhoven ( ca . 1315 -- Castle Hardenberg , 4 April 1393 ) was Bishop of Münster from 1364 to 1378 and Bishop of Utrecht from 1378 to 1393 .
Hermann Weigert ( 20 October 1890 , Breslau - 2 April 1955 , New York City ) was a German vocal coach , pianist , and conductor .
Brigadier General Carl Rogers Darnall ( December 25 , 1867 in Weston , Texas , USA -- January 18 , 1941 in Washington , D.C. , USA ) was a United States Army chemist and surgeon credited with originating the technique of liquid chlorination of drinking water .
Pietro Luigi Galletti was an Italian Benedictine , historian and archaeologist ; b. Rome in 1724 ; d. there , 13 December 1790 .
Giuseppe Francica - Nava de Bontifè ( 23 July 1846 - -7 December 1928 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Catania from 1895 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1899 .
Nolasc del Molar ( el Molar , 1902 -- Barcelona , 1983 ) was the name of religion of the Catalan capuchin friar Daniel Rebull i Muntanyola .
Pieter Schoubroeck , or Schaubroeck ( ca.1570 -- May 10 , 1607 ) , was a German landscape painter of the Frankenthal school .
Christian Theodor Weinlig ( July 25 , 1780 -- March 7 , 1842 ) was a German music teacher , composer , and choir conductor in Dresden and Leipzig .
Maria of Calabria ( May 1329 -- 20 May 1366 ) was a Neapolitan princess of the Capetian House of Anjou whose descendants inherited the crown of Naples following the death of her older sister , Queen Joanna I.
Bartolomeo Bassi ( early 1600s ( decade)-1640s ) was an Italian painter active in the early - Baroque period , mainly in his hometown of Genoa .
Yehoshua Lakner ( b. Bratislava , Czechoslovakia , 24 April 1924 ; d. Zürich , Switzerland , 5 December 2003 ) ( Hebrew : יהושוע לקנר ) was a composer of contemporary classical music .
William Gillette was born in Nook Farm , Hartford , Connecticut , a literary and intellectual center with residents such as Mark Twain , Harriet Beecher Stowe , and Charles Dudley Warner .
Hendrik Maarten Krabbé , or Heinrich Martin Krabbé ( 4 May 1868 , London - 22 December 1931 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch genre and portrait painter .
Florian Johann Deller ( bapt . 2 May 1729 in Drosendorf , Lower Austria -- 19 September 1773 in Munich ) was an Austrian composer and violinist .
William Edward Barclay ( 14 June 1857 -- 30 January 1917 ) was the first manager of Everton and also the first manager of Liverpool , working with club secretary John McKenna .
Alexander Felszeghy ( 28 October 1933 in Košice -- 20 December 1994 in Košice ) was a Slovak football defender or midfielder , and later coach .
Alfred Grünfeld ( Prague , July 4 , 1852 -- January 4 , 1924 , Vienna ) was an Austrian pianist and composer .
Vera Brühne ( February 6 , 1910 in Essen -- April 17 , 2001 in Munich ) got famous throughout Germany as a victim of miscarriage of justice .
Vilhelms Purvītis ( 3 March 1872 in Zaube , Latvia -- 14 January 1945 in Bad Nauheim , Germany ) was a landscape painter and educator who founded the Latvian Academy of Art and was its rector from 1919 to 1934 .
In late December 1935 , Otto Binder began working for Otis Adelbert Kline as a literary agent in charge of Kline 's New York City office most prominently marketing the stories of Robert E. Howard , although insufficient business during this Great Depression era forced Kline to close his company after a year and a half .
Vilém Tauský CBE ( 20 July 1910 , Přerov , Moravia -- 16 March 2004 , London ) was a Czech conductor and composer .
Joseph Vendryes ( French : ( vɑ̃dʁi ) ; 13 January 1875 , Paris -- 30 January 1960 ) was a French Celtic linguist .
Sir Robert Yewdall Jennings ( 19 October 1913 -- 4 August 2004 ) was Whewell Professor of International Law at Cambridge University from 1955 to 1982 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1982 .
Herman , or Harmen Hals ( 1611 , Haarlem -- 1669 , Haarlem ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Awdy Kulyýew ( July 30 , 1936 , Ashgabad -- April 10 , 2007 , Oslo ) served as the first Foreign Minister of Turkmenistan .
Aarne Hermlin ( 6 Juny 1940 , Võru , Estonia -- 17 November 2007 , Salo ) was an Estonian chess player who won the Estonian Chess Championship .
Albert Dawes died in Goring - by - Sea , Sussex on 23 June 1973 aged 66 .
Michele Cavataio ( Palermo , 1929 - Palermo , December 10 , 1969 ) , also known as The Cobra was a powerful member of the Sicilian Mafia .
In 1964 Colm Kiernan was appointed foundation Lecturer in History at the University of Wollongong , Australia .
Mieszko the Younger ( also known as of Kalisz ) ( Polish : Mieszko Młodszy ( kaliski ) ) ( between 1160 and 1165 -- 2 August 1193 ) was a Duke of Kalisz since 1191 until his death .
Josef Florian ( February 9 , 1873 -- December 29 , 1941 , both in Stará Říše in Moravia ) was a Czech book publisher and translator .
Otmar Gazzari ( born 1905 in Hvar -- death 1987 in Zagreb ) was an Italian football player that has played in Hajduk Split and BSK Belgrade in the First League of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Bertha Galland died in an automobile accident in White Plains , New York on November 20 , 1932 .
Enrico Martínez , Henri Martín or Heinrich Martin , ( Born in Hamburg , date unknown ; d. in Mexico in 1632 ) was cosmographer to the King of Spain , interpreter for the Spanish Inquisition , publisher , and hydraulic engineer .
Wolrad Eberle ( 4 May 1908 , Freiburg -- 13 May 1949 , Cologne ) was a German decathlete .
Vicente Casanova y Marzol was born in Borja , and studied at the seminaries in Zaragoza and in Madrid .
Pierre - Nicolas Beauvallet ( born in Le Havre on 21 June 1750 and died in Paris on 15 April 1818 ) , is a French sculptor , draftsman and printmaker .
Jimmy Yates ( 1871 -- 5 September 1922 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a right winger in the 1900 FA Cup Final for Southampton .
Walter Ehrlich ( May 16 , 1896 in Berlin -- December 26 , 1968 in Bad Ragaz , Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland ) was a German philosopher .
Ethel MacDonald ( 24 February 1909 - -1 December 1960 ) was a Glasgow - based Scottish anarchist and activist and , in 1937 , during the Spanish Civil War , a propagandist on Barcelona Loyalist radio .
Louis Marie Alphonse Depuiset ( 20 September 1822 Autuy , Ardennes - 17 March 1886 Paris ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Charles de Noailles ( 26 September 1891 , Paris -- 28 April 1981 , Grasse ) , Arthur Anne Marie Charles , Vicomte de Noailles was a French nobleman and patron of the arts .
Ludwig Greiner started his job at Jelšava on 1 April 1828 .
Giuditta Tavani Arquati ( Rome , 30 April 1830 -- Rome , 25 October 1867 ) was an Italian republican patriot , a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento and a martyr for the cause of a United Italy .
Liu Baiyu ( Chinese : 刘白羽 ; pinyin : Liú Báiyǔ ; September 2 , 1916 -- August 24 , 2005 ) , born Liu Yuzan ( Chinese : 刘玉赞 ; pinyin : Liú Yùzàn ) in Beijing , was a Chinese writer who took an orthodox Communist line on writing issues .
Posey Rorer ( September 22 , 1891 - June 6 , 1936 ) was an American old - time fiddler who was best known for being a member of the American string band Charlie Poole and the North Carolina Ramblers .
Johann Joachim Kändler ( June 15 , 1706 -- May 18 , 1775 ) was the most important modeller of the Meissen porcelain manufactury .
Heinz von Allmen ( 10 August 1913 -- 11 November 2003 in Lauterbrunnen ) was a Swiss Alpine skier and cross - country skier .
Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini ( c. 1572 -- 12 December 1645 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor who continued painting in a late - Mannerist style , mainly active in Naples and Genoa .
Franz Konwitschny ( August 14 , 1901 , Fulnek , Moravia -- July 28 , 1962 , Belgrade ) was a German conductor and violist .
Carl von Thieme ( born 1844 in Erfurt ; died 1924 in Munich ) was a German bankier .
Marc Restout ( 14 February 1616 , Caen - 3 April 1684 , Caen ) was a French painter .
Joseph Guislain ( Ghent , 2 February 1797-Ghent , 1 April 1860 ) was a Belgian physician and a pioneer in psychiatry .
Ryszard Pędrak - Janowicz ( 17 May 1932 in Lwów -- 1 February 2004 in Kraków ) is a Polish luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s .
Helga Feddersen ( 14 . March 1930 , Hamburg - 24 . November 1990 , Hamburg ) was a popular German actress , comedienne , singer , author , and theater director .
Rice , his wife and his son moved to Garden District , New Orleans in 1988 , where he eventually opened the Stan Rice Gallery .
Abraham J. Williams ( February 26 , 1781 -- December 30 , 1839 ) was an American politician from Boone County , Missouri .
Liubartas continued to rule Lutsk and Volodymyr - Volynskyi .
Considered one of the most eminent professors of Canada , for her strong personality , inexhaustible energy and exceptional quality of her teaching , Yvonne Hubert deeply influenced her students by giving them a strong technical background , and so enriched musical lifer in Montreal and Canada .
Georgi Traykov Girovski , also known as Georgi Traykov ( Bulgarian : Георги Трайков Гировски , 14 April 1898 , Varbeni , Manastir Vilayet , Ottoman Empire ( today Itea , Greece ) - 14 January 1975 , Sofia , Bulgaria ) , was a Bulgarian politician and the longtime leader of Bulgarian Agrarian National Union .
Paul - Jacques Curie ( 29 October 1856 -- 19 February 1941 ) was a French physicist and professor of mineralogy at the University of Montpellier .
Franciszek Żmurko ( 18 July 1859 , Lviv -- 9 October 1910 , Warsaw ) was a Polish realist painter .
Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten ( 10 September 1792 , Altenkirchen -- 18 August 1860 , Greifswald ) was a German orientalist born in Altenkirchen on the island of Rügen .
Jakob Mayr ( July 24 , 1924 -- September 20 , 2010 ) was the Austrian prelate , who served as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salzburg from his appointment on May 12 , 1971 , until his retirement on August 15 , 2001 .
Yan Matusevich was born in the village of Komenka , Minsk , USSR , into an Orthodox family with Uniate roots .
Eugène Wilhelm in French , or in German Eugen Wilhelm ( Strasbourg , 1866 - -1951 ) was a French lawyer and sexologist .
Michal Miloslav Hodža ( 22 September 1811 , Rakša , Turóc County , Kingdom of Hungary -- 26 March 1870 in Cieszyn , Austria - Hungary ) was a Slovak national revivalist , Protestant priest , poet , linguist , and representative of the Slovakian national movement in 1840s as a member of `` the trinity '' Štúr --
Warren was born at Middleborough , Massachusetts as Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump , a descendant of a French Catholic family named Bonpasse , of Governor Thomas Mayhew , and five Mayflower passengers :
Jerzy Block ( March 20 , 1904 in Grabica , Poland -- June 29 , 1996 in Konstancin - Jeziorna , Poland ) was a Polish actor and director .
Karl Emil Lischke ( 30 December 1819 in Stettin -- 14 January 1886 in Bonn ) was a German lawyer , politician , diplomat , and amateur naturalist .
Leonid Varpakhovsky Leonid Viktorovich Varpakhovsky ( Russian : Леонид Викторович Варпаховский ) - ( 29 March 1908 , Moscow - 12 February 1976 , Moscow ) , director , scenarist .
Einar Billing born 6 October 1871 in Lund , died 17 December 1939 in Västerås , was a Swedish hymnwriter and theologian .
Olaf Barda ( 17 August 1909 -- 2 May 1971 , Oslo ) , born Olaf M. Olsen , was a Norwegian chess player .
Jozef Psotka , ( 12 February 1934 , Košice , Czechoslovakia -- October 16 , 1984 ( aged 50 ) , Mount Everest , Himalayas , Nepal ) was a Slovak mountaineer , at that time the oldest person in the world who reached the summit of Mount Everest without oxygen .
Myrtle Sue Lyles Eakin , known as Sue Eakin ( December 7 , 1918 -- September 17 , 2009 ) , was an American historian , a professor , and a journalist from Bunkie , Louisiana .
Pavel Tigrid ( October 27 , 1917 in Prague , Austria - Hungary as Pavel Schönfeld -- August 31 , 2003 in Héricy near Paris , France ) was a writer , publisher and author of Czech origin .
Giacomo della Porta ( c. 1533 -- 1602 ) was an Italian architect and sculptor , who worked on many important buildings in Rome , including St. Peter 's Basilica .
Linton Garner ( March 25 , 1915 in Greensboro , North Carolina -- March 6 , 2003 in Vancouver ) was a jazz pianist .
Walter Moreira Salles ( sometimes Walther Morreira Sales , born in Pouso Alegre , MG , May 28 , 1912 -- Petrópolis , RJ , 2001 ) was a highly successful Brazilian banker , politician and philanthropist who is considered by many as one of the premier founders of the modern Brazilian financial and banking industry .
Serenianus ( died in Lydia , 366 ) was an officer of the Roman Empire , involved in the death of Caesar Constantius Gallus and in the usurpation of Procopius .
Chris Avram ( born Cristea Auran , August 31 , 1931 , Bucharest -- January 10 , 1989 , Rome , Italy ) was a Romanian - Italian film actor .
Walter Jakob Gehring ( 20 March 1939 -- 29 May 2014 ) was a Swiss developmental biologist who was a professor at the Biozentrum Basel of the University of Basel , Switzerland .
Geoffrey Kerr died 1 July 1971 , in Aldershot , Hampshire , England , aged 76 .
Richard Pribram ( 21 April 1847 , Prague - 7 January 1928 , Berlin ) was an Austrian chemist .
Edith Templeton ( 1916 , Prague -- 2006 , Bordighera ) was a novelist , who also wrote under the pseudonym Louise Walbrook .
Razia Butt died in Lahore on 4 October 2012 after protracted illness .
Abukhadzhi Idrisov ( Абухажи Идрисов ) ( 17 May 1918 , Berdikel , Chechen - Ingush ASSR -- 22 October 1983 , Grozny , Chechen - Ingush ASSR ) was a Soviet Chechen soldier at World War II . He was a sniper who had 349 + confirmed German soldier killings .
Manuel María Ponce Brousset ( April 5 , 1874 in Lima , Peru -- July 18 , 1966 in Lima ) briefly occupied the Presidency of Peru in August 1930 .
Alfred Steux ( born 24 May 1892 in Dottignies - died 9 August 1934 in Paris ) was a Belgian road racing cyclist who participated in the 1919 Tour de France and finished ninth .
' Surena ' remains popular as a name in Iran .
Gábor Faludi , ( May 13 , 1846 -- May 4 , 1932 ) was a theatre manager in Budapest , Hungary , a founder and manager of the Vígszínház ( properly anglicized as the Comedy Theatre ) and a major player in the theatre boom in Budapest at the start of the 20th century .
Hans - Jürgen Treder ( born September 4 , 1928 in Berlin , died November 18 , 2006 in Potsdam ) was a German theoretical physicist and in the GDR , specializing in general relativity ( and its extensions ) , astrophysics , and cosmology .
Richard Heinze ( August 11 , 1867 , Naumburg , Province of Saxony -- August 22 , 1929 , Bad Wiessee ) was a German classical philologist .
Aoua Kéita ( Bamako , 1912 -- ibidem , 1980 ) was a Malian independence activist and writer from Mali .
Alice Manfield ( 1878 -- 14 July 1960 ) commonly known as Guide Alice , was a mountain guide , amateur naturalist , chalet owner , photographer , and early feminist figure from Victoria , Australia .
Johann Georg Pisendel ( 26 December 1687 -- 25 November 1755 ) was a German Baroque musician , violinist and composer who , for many years , led the Court Orchestra in Dresden , then the finest instrumental ensemble in Europe .
Wilhelm Wirth ( July 26 , 1876 , Wunsiedel - July 13 , 1952 , Amberg ) was a German psychologist .
Prince Alexander Golitzen ( Golitsyn ) , ( Moscow , February 28 , 1908 -- San Diego , July 26 , 2005 ) was Russian born production designer who oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies .
Solicitor Joseph Crowther Smith ( 26 September 1818 - -26 December 1886 ) served as Mayor of Wolverhampton 1865/66
Daniel Juslenius ( 10 June 1676 , Mynämäki -- 17 July 1752 , Skara ) was a Finnish writer and bishop .
Ezequiel Uricoechea Rodríguez ( 9 April 1834 in Bogotá -- 29 July 1880 in Beirut ) was a Colombian linguist and scientist .
Heraclides Ponticus ( Ancient Greek : Ἡρακλείδης ὁ Ποντικός ; c. 390 BC -- c. 310 BC ) , also known as Herakleides and Heraklides of Pontus , was a Greek philosopher and astronomer who was born in Heraclea Pontica , now Karadeniz Ereğli , Turkey , and migrated to Athens .
Karol Śliwka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkarɔl ˈɕlifka ) ; 13 March 1894 , Bystřice , Austrian Silesia - 19 March 1943 , Mauthausen - Gusen concentration camp ) was a Polish communist politician from Zaolzie region in the First Czechoslovak Republic .
Maria Rygier ( born 1885 in Florence , died 1953 in Rome ) was an Italian journalist and politician .
Jean Henri Pareau , also known as Joannis Henrici Pareau ( 13 May 1761 , Amsterdam -- 1 February 1833 , Utrecht ) was a Dutch Reformed theologian and orientalist .
Samuel Marvin Griffin , Sr . ( September 4 , 1907 -- June 13 , 1982 ) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Georgia .
Sverre Stenersen ( 18 June 1926 , Målselv -- 17 December 2005 ) was a Norwegian Nordic combined skier who dominated the event throughout the 1950s .
Cordelia Edvardson died from an illness in Stockholm on 29 October 2012 , at the age of 83 .
Auguste Mathieu Panseron ( 26 April 1796 , Paris -- 29 July 1859 , Paris ) was a French composer and voice teacher .
Lamont Coleman ( May 30 , 1974 -- February 15 , 1999 ) , best known by his stage name Big L , was an American hip hop recording artist , born and raised in Harlem , New York City , New York .
William Hookham Carpenter ( 1792 - -1866 ) was a British Keeper of Prints at the British Museum .
Giovanni Cadioli ( circa 1710 -- 10 September 1767 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque , active mainly in his native Mantua .
Karola Bloch ( born Karola Piotrkowska ; January 22 , 1905 , Łódź -- July 31 , 1994 , Tübingen ) was a Polish - German architect , socialist , and feminist .
Mario Magnotta ( October 14 , 1942 -- January 4 , 2009 ) was an Italian janitor of a commercial school in L'Aquila .
Blandine Ebinger ( born Blandine Loeser ) ( 4 November 1899 , in Berlin -- 25 December 1993 , in Berlin ) was a German actress and chansonniere , the daughter of the pianist Gustav Loeser and the actress Margarete Wezel .
Amalie Seidel ( 21 February 1876 in Vienna - 11 May 1952 ) was an Austrian Politician ( Social Democrat ) and feminist .
Flor Alpaerts ( Antwerp , 12 September 1876 -- Antwerp , 5 October 1954 ) was a Belgian conductor , pedagogue and composer .
Grazio Cossali , sometimes called Orazio Cossali ( 1563 -- December 4 , 1629 ) was an Italian painter who worked in Brescia , Cremona , and Venice , active during the Mannerist or early Baroque periods .
Johann Friedrich Flatt ( February 20 , 1759 -- November 24 , 1821 ) was a German Protestant theologian and philosopher born in Tübingen .
Wilhelm Lexis ( 17 July 1837 , Eschweiler , Germany -- 24 August 1914 , Göttingen , Germany ) , full name Wilhelm Hector Richard Albrecht Lexis , was a German statistician , economist , and social scientist .
Nicolaus Bruhns ( also Nikolaus , Nicholas ; late 1665 -- 8 April ( O.S. 29 March ) 1697 in Husum ) was a Danish - German organist , violinist , and composer .
José Braulio Alemán ( 26 March 1864 -- 15 January 1930 , Havana ) was a Cuban Brigadier General in the Spanish--
Jules Arnous de Rivière ( 4 May 1830 , Nantes -- 11 September 1905 , Paris ) was the strongest French chess player from the late 1850s through the late 1870s .
Ayinde Barrister had a couple of successful shows in London in 1990 and 1993 performing what later became known as the Fuji Garbage sound .
Henri - Irénée Marrou ( 12 November 1904 , Marseilles -- 11 April 1977 , Bourg - la - Reine ) was a leading French historian of the mid - twentieth century .
Griffin Yueh Feng ( Chinese : 岳枫 ) ( 1909 or July 29 , 1910 -- March 3 , 1999 ) was a Chinese film director and screenwriter who worked in the Cinema of Hong Kong .
Leslie was born in New York City on March 5 , 1899 , and she died ( as Gladys Leslie Moore ) in Boynton Beach , Florida on October 2 , 1976 at age 77 .
Ernesto Matteo Poggi , known as Gino Poggi or Poggi II ( born 23 February 1913 in Genoa , died 3 January 1992 in the same town ) , was an Italian footballer and coach of the 1950s .
Margot Walter , a.k.a . Margot Landa ( * 4 October 1903 in Potsdam , Germany ; † April 1994 in Camden Town , London , England ) was a German actress .
Giuseppe Pompilj ( 17 July 1913 , Rome--9 July 1968 , Rome ) was an Italian statistician
Robert de Sigello ( died 1150 ) was a medieval Bishop of London and Lord Chancellor of England .
Antoni Popiel ( 13 June 1865 Szczakowa , Galicia ( now Jaworzno ) - 7 July 1910 Lubien near Lviv ) was a Polish sculptor .
Shimon Dzigan ( Yiddish : שמעון דזשיגאן‎ , Polish : Szymon Dżigan ; born 1905 in Łódź - April 14 , 1980 in Tel Aviv ) was a Jewish comedian .
Ertuğrul Oğuz Fırat ( 1 February 1923 in Malatya -- 16 October 2014 in Ankara ) was a Turkish composer , painter and poet .
Abraham Speijer ( Speyer ) ( 19 November 1873 , Amsterdam -- 5 September 1956 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch chess master .
Luise Adolpha Le Beau ( April 25 , 1850 in Rastatt , Grand Duchy of Baden -- July 17 , 1927 in Baden - Baden ) was a German composer of classical music .
Alec Jason ( born Alexander Jason on 13 July 1911 in London - died 2 October 2000 in Los Angeles ) was an English actor .
Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward ( 1791 - 4 June 1868 , St Leonard 's , Sussex ) was an English doctor who popularized a case for growing and transporting plants which was called the Wardian case .
Antonio Cifra ( 1584 ? -- 2 October 1629 in Loreto ) was an Italian composer of the Roman School of the Renaissance and early Baroque eras .
Heinrich Bretthorst ( 16 December 1883 in Rahden died 17 September 1962 in Leipzig ) was a German politician ( SPD / SED ) .
Joshua Benoliel ( 13 January 1873 - 3 February 1932 ) was a Lisbon born photojournalist .
Karl Ramsayer ( 29 September 1911 , Schwäbisch Gmünd -- 24 December 1982 , near Stuttgart ) was a German geodesist and is well known as one of the most important scientists in geodetic astronomy and in electronic navigation .
Christopher Hyatt died of cancer in Scottsdale , Arizona at the age of 64 .
Alessandro Ferri ( born February 25 , 1921 in Rome ; died in 2003 in Rome ) was an Italian professional football player .
Paul Hardwick ( 15 November 1918 in Bridlington -- 22 October 1983 , London ) was an English actor .
The spirit was said to have appeared first between 1871 and 1874 in séances conducted by Florence Cook in London , and later in 1874 - -1875 in New York in séances held by the mediums Jennie Holmes and her husband Nelson Holmes .
Ernst Hoppenberg ( July 26 , 1878 in Bremen -- September 29 , 1937 in Kirn ) was a German swimmer and water polo player who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century in the 200 metre events .
Rudolf Hrušínský ( born 17 October 1920 - died 14 April 1994 in Prague ) was a Czech actor .
Raymond F. Almirall ( 1869 - 1939 ) was an American architect of the Beaux - Arts period , practicing in New York City .
Samuel Harsnett ( or Harsnet ) ( June 1561 -- May 1631 ) , born Samuel Halsnoth , was an English writer on religion and Archbishop of York from 1629 .
Frederick Anthony Donaghy , M.M. ( January 13 , 1903 -- February 5 , 1988 ) was an American - born Catholic missionary and bishop .
Joan Clos i Matheu ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈaŋ ˈkɫɔs ) ) ( born 29 June 1949 ) is a Spanish politician who was mayor of Barcelona , Spain from September 1997 to September 2006 .
Miguel Ramón Izquierdo ( 8 December 1919 -- 17 September 2007 ) was a Spanish politician who served as the last mayor of Valencia in the Franco era and the first in the modern democratic era .
Yitzhak Ben - Zvi ( Hebrew : יצחק בן צבי‎‎ ; 24 November 1884 -- 23 April 1963 ) was a historian , Labor Zionist leader and the second and longest - serving President of Israel .
José María Pérez de Urdininea ( 31 October 1784 -- 4 November 1865 ) was the third President of Bolivia and the first to be born in Bolivia itself .
Jenise May is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 30 from 2013 to 2015 .
Ron Nachman ( Hebrew : רון נחמן‎‎‎ , 6 August 1942 -- 18 January 2013 ) was an Israeli politician and former Knesset member for the Likud .
Giuseppe Nazzaro , OFM ( 22 December 1937 -- 26 October 2015 ) was an Emeritus bishop of the Apostolic Vicariate of Aleppo , Custodian of the Holy Land and a polyglot .
Lorenzo Strozzi ( December 3 , 1513 -- December 14 , 1571 ) was an Italian abbot and cardinal .
Archidamus I ( Ancient Greek : Ἀρχίδαμος Α΄ ) was a king of Sparta , 12th of the Eurypontids .
George Wayne Goodwin was elected North Carolina Commissioner of Insurance in the 2008 election and re - elected in 2012 .
David Wittig ( born July 29 , 1955 ) is the former chief executive officer of Topeka , Kansas - based Westar Energy , a utility company .
René de Prie ( 1451 - -1519 ) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Mudaffar Sjah ( 13 April 1935 -- 19 February 2015 ) was the 48th Sultan of Ternate from 1975 until his death .
David Bibb Graves ( April 1 , 1873 -- March 14 , 1942 ) was a Democratic politician and the 38th Governor of Alabama 1927 - 1931 and 1935 - -1939 , the first Alabama governor to serve two four - year terms .
Thomas of Marga , ( Classical Syriac : ܬܐܘܡܐ ܒܪ ܝܥܩܘܒ , Taomá bár Yaˁqub ) was an East Syrian bishop and author of an important monastic history in Syriac , who flourished in the 9th century CE . He was born early in the century in the region of Salakh to the north - east of Mosul .
Lars Porsena ( Etruscan : Pursenas ; sometimes spelled Lars Porsenna ) was an Etruscan king known for his war against the city of Rome .
Karen Whitefield ( born 8 January 1970 , Bellshill ) is a Scottish politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Airdrie and Shotts constituency .
James W. Murphy ( September 27 , 1852 -- ? ) was an American merchant , farmer and politician who served as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Marquette County and of the Wisconsin State Senate from Milwaukee County .
Alvise III Sebastiano Mocenigo ( 1662 - -1732 ) was the 112 Doge of Venice from 1722 to 1732 .
Josselin Charles Louis Jean Marie de Rohan - Chabot , 14th Duke of Rohan , known as Josselin de Rohan ( born 5 June 1938 in Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine ) was a member of the Senate of France , representing the Morbihan department as a member of the Union for a Popular Movement .
László Paskai , O.F.M. ( 8 May 1927 -- 17 August 2015 ) was a Hungarian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , He served as the archbishop of Esztergom - Budapest from 1987 to 2002 .
Joseph Roduit ( December 17 , 1939 -- December 17 , 2015 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and abbot .
Donald Norman McLeod ( 10 June 1848 -- 25 October 1914 ) was an Australian pastoralist and politician , a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
Alberto Héber Usher ( May 1 , 1918 -- January 19 , 1981 ) was a Uruguayan politician , who served as President of Uruguay from March 1 , 1966 to March 1 , 1967 .
Franziskus von Paula Graf von Schönborn ( Czech : František Schönborn ; 24 January 1844 -- 25 June 1899 ) was a Czech Roman Catholic cardinal .
Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual ( Santa Marta , Colombia , 1832 -- Curaçao , 15 August 1868 ) , was a military leader committed to liberal ideas , also in charge of the War and Navy Ministry in 1864 , and in 1868 was designated provisional President of Venezuela .
José Francisco Orozco y Jiménez was archbishop of Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico from 1913 through 1936 .
George V ( George Frederick Ernest Albert ; 3 June 1865 -- 20 January 1936 ) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions , and Emperor of India , from 6 May 1910 until his death in 1936 .
Born in Smara and being one of the founding members of the POLISARIO , Mohamed Lamine Ould Ahmed became the first Prime Minister of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic ( SADR ) in 1976 , and held the post until 1982 .
Arthur Bache Walkom ( 8 February 1889 -- 2 July 1976 ) was an Australian palaeobotanist and museum director .
Vicente Abad Santos ( July 12 , 1916 -- December 30 , 1993 ) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines .
Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein ( Arabic : جمال عبد الناصر حسين‎ , IPA : ( ɡæˈmæːl ʕæbdenˈnɑːsˤeɾ ħeˈseːn ) ; 15 January 1918 -- 28 September 1970 ) was the second President of Egypt , serving from 1956 until his death .
Pierre - Michel Auger ( born January 11 , 1963 in Shawinigan , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who was a Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Champlain from 2007 to 2008 .
Jan Lipski ( Count Jan VIII Lipski ) of Łada coat of arms ( 1589 - -1641 ) was a bishop of Chełmno ( 1636 - -1639 ) , crown referendary and Archbishop of Gniezno and Primate of Poland ( from 1639 ) .
Vilém Prusinovský z Víckova ( in German : William Prusinowsky von Wiczkov ) ( 1534 -- June 16 , 1572 ) was a bishop of Olomouc in 1565 - -1572 .
Stephanos Mousouros was the Ottoman - appointed Prince of Samos from 1896 to 1899 .
Adam of Perseigne ( c. 1145 -- 1221 ) was a French Cistercian , abbot of Perseigne Abbey in the Diocese of Le Mans .
Deborah Boone ( born 1951 ) is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives , representing District 32 since her appointment on August 4 , 2004 , to serve out the remaining term of Representative Elaine Hopson .
Roberto Tucci , SJ ( 19 April 1921 -- 14 April 2015 ) was a Roman Catholic Jesuit cardinal and theologian .
Omar Oreste Corbatta Fernández ( 11 March 1936 -- 6 November 1991 ) was an Argentine footballer who played as a forward .
Søren Jochumsen ( born August 1 , 1976 ) is a retired Danish professional football ( soccer ) player , who played as a goalkeeper .
Danka Podovac is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing for ZNK Pomurje .
Ahmad Syihan Hazmi Mohamed ( born 22 February 1996 ) is a Malaysian national footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Kelantan FA President 's Cup .
Abubakari Yakubu ( born 13 December 1981 ) is a Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Walter Baseggio ( pronounced ( ˈvalter baˈzeddʒo ) ; born 19 August 1978 ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Spiros Livathinos ( Greek : Σπύρος Λιβαθηνός ; born 8 January 1955 ) is a former football player who played as a midfielder , coach and current scout of Panathinaikos .
Antoine van der Linden ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɑn.tu.ˈwɑn vɑn dɛr ˈlɪn.də(n ) ) ; born 17 March 1976 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays for WKE as a central defender .
Jānis Blūms ( born April 20 , 1982 ) is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for Sidigas Avellino of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 1.91 m ( 6 ft 3 in ) , Blūms plays both point guard and shooting guard positions .
Andrea Orlandi Stabilin ( born 3 August 1984 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC as a left winger or an attacking midfielder .
Adrián Ezequiel Cirigliano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eseˈkjel siɾiˈljano ) ; born 24 January 1992 ) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for River Plate .
Cesar Carrillo ( born April 29 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher .
Jorge Siega ( born Brazil ) is a former Brazilian - American football ( soccer ) forward who spent eight seasons in the North American Soccer League , seven with the New York Cosmos .
Maylee Atthin - Johnson ( born 5 September 1986 ) is a Tobagonian soccer forward .
Abdullah Quaye ( born 24 sept 1980 in Accra ) , formerly Awulley Junior Quaye , is a Ghanaian football midfielder .
Oleh Tarasenko ( Ukrainian : Олег Володимирович Тарасенко ; born 23 June 1990 in Cherkasy , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Second League club FC Slavutych Cherkasy .
Zvonimir Vukić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Звонимир Вукић ; born 19 July 1979 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Rodney Iona ( born 17 August 1991 ) is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a centre for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Zefir Katunchev ( Bulgarian : Зефир Катунчев ; born 13 December 1986 in Gotse Delchev ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a defender for Pirin Gotse Delchev .
Isuf Çela , ( born 18 September 1996 , Elbasan ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Bologna ( primavera ) .
Sam Nicholson ( born 20 January 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian .
Daniel Tetrault ( born September 4 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Rapid City Rush of the ECHL .
Andrey Stoev ( Bulgarian : Андрей Стоев ; born 2 October 1986 ) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for FC Gandzasar Kapan of the Armenian Premier League .
Morris Stevenson ( 16 April 1943 -- 22 July 2014 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward .
Vitaliy Postranskyi ( Ukrainian : Віталій Михайлович Постранський ; born 2 August 1977 in Ivano - Frankivsk ) is a Ukrainian goalkeeper .
Mugurel Buga ( born 16 December 1977 in Braşov ) , nicknamed `` Pele '' by the fans , is a Romanian football player , playing as a forward for Braşov .
Nataliya Sukhorukova is an Ukrainian former football midfielder who played for Lehenda Chernihiv and Zhilstroy Kharkiv in the Ukrainian League and the European Cup .
Darren Lockhart ( born 12 November 1973 ) is a professional footballer from Northern Ireland who plays as a midfielder for Ards .
Jozo Bogdanović ( born 21 October 1960 in Dubrovnik , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian former football forward who played for several Croatian and foreign football clubs .
Risto Mitrevski ( Macedonian : Ристо Митревски , born 5 October 1991 ) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays for Serbian side Donji Srem , on loan from Sarajevo , as a defender .
Paul Nardi ( born 18 May 1994 in Vesoul , France ) is a French footballer who currently plays for French Ligue 1 side AS Monaco as a goalkeeper .
Cao Xiandong was considered a talented midfielder and was soon called up to the Chinese under-17 team that took part in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship where China were knocked out in the quarter - finals to West Germany in a 4 - 2 defeat .
Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza ( born December 14 , 1981 ) , known simply as Mikimba or Jeferson , is a Brazilian - born naturalized Togolese football midfielder , who plays for Riograndense in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
Yuriy Syvukha ( Ukrainian : Юрій Петрович Сивуха ; born 13 January 1958 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a former football goalkeeper and a current assistant coach of the Ukraine national team .
Ray Martynuik ( March 28 , 1950 -- October 20 , 2013 ) , sometimes spelled Martyniuk , was a professional ice hockey goaltender .
Raycho Raychev ( sometimes also transliterated as Raicho Raichev ) ( Bulgarian : Райчо Райчев ) ( born 1 February 1971 ) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Wouter Vrancken ( born 3 February 1979 ) is a former Belgian defensive midfielder in association football .
Giorgio Biasiolo ( born 16 February 1946 ) is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Dimitris Komesidis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κομεσίδης ; born 2 February 1988 ) is a Greek professional footballer currently playing as a defender for AE Larissa FC in the Greek Football League .
Marek Citko ( born March 27 , 1974 Białystok ) is a retired Polish football player , who most frequently performed as an offensive midfielder .
Wim Walschaerts ( born 5 November 1972 in Antwerp ) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder , mainly in Belgium but also in England for Leyton Orient .
María Ruiz Román , a.k.a . Mery , is a Spanish football forward .
Kazimierz Sidorczuk ( born March 4 , 1967 in Debno ) was a Polish footballer ( goalkeeper ) playing most of the career in Lech Poznań .
Josef Melichar IV ( born January 20 , 1979 ) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey defenceman .
Michael Allardice ( born 19 October 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a lock for Hawke 's Bay in the ITM Cup and the Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Joe Souleymane Dit Guyan Kanté ( born 5 January 1982 ) is an ivorian football goalkeeper playing for SOA .
Antoni Szymanowski ( born 13 January 1951 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki ) was a Polish footballer ( defender ) , and a member of the Poland national football team in two FIFA World Cups : 1974 and 1978 .
Dănuț Lupu ( born 27 February 1967 ) is a Romanian former football midfielder and former Hockey player in his childhood .
George Halley ( 29 October 1887 -- 18 December 1941 ) was a Scottish professional footballer , who played as a wing half .
Marcos Martín de la Fuente ( born 17 September 1968 ) , known simply as Marcos , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Souleymane Fall ( born 19 June 1969 in Dakar ) is a former Senegalese football defender who is best known for playing for Spartak Trnava .
Shashi Isaac ( born on April 4 , 1982 ) is a football player ( midfielder ) from Saint Kitts & Nevis .
Scott Lamphear is a retired American soccer defender and coach .
František Okoličáni ( born 26 September 1982 in Dolný Kubín ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who recently played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Ružomberok .
Nikola Yanachkov ( Bulgarian : Никола Яначков ; born 13 January 1993 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a midfielder forLokomotiv 2012 Mezdra .
Orsolya Herr ( born 23 November 1984 ) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper playing for Fehérvár KC and the Hungarian national team .
Ali Assadalla ( Arabic : علي أسد الله ; born 19 January 1993 ) , also known simply as Ali Asad , is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al Sadd as a midfielder .
Seku Conneh ( born 10 November 1995 in Voinjama ) is a Liberian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bethlehem Steel in the United Soccer League .
Konstantinos Pangalos ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Πάγκαλος ; born 3 July 1985 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Platanias as a forward .
Julio César Baldivieso Rico ( born 2 December 1971 in Cochabamba ) is a former Bolivian association football midfielder who played for the Bolivian national team in the 1994 World Cup and several Copa Américas .
Nikolaos Nakas ( born 13 April 1982 ) is a German former football defender of Greek heritage .
Glenn Verbauwhede ( born 19 May 1985 ) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who currently plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Maritzburg United .
Oleksandr Ilyuschenkov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Андрійович Ільющенков ; born 23 March 1990 in Ternopil , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League .
Maarten Martens ( born 2 July 1984 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and currently is a free agent .
Richard Twist was an English professional association footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Ilkka Heikkinen ( born November 13 , 1984 in Rauma , Finland ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Växjö Lakers Hockey of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Nathan Zuzga is a retired American soccer forward who played one season for the Carolina RailHawks in the USL First Division .
Gavin Hume ( born 25 March 1980 in Riversdale , Western Cape , South Africa ) is a rugby union centre for Perpignan in the French Top 14 .
Peter Hlinka ( born 5 December 1978 in Prešov ) is a Slovakian football midfielder for Austrian club SC Wiener Neustadt .
Charlie Stimson ( born 1 March 1992 ) is an English footballer , who plays as a forward for Thurrock .
Roman Podolyak ( Ukrainian : Роман Михайлович Подоляк ; born 21 April 1993 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi on loan from club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League .
Phil Henson is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City , Swansea City and Sheffield Wednesday .
Vincent Euvrard ( born 12 March 1982 in Veurne , Belgium ) is a retired football ( soccer ) defender and currently manager working for ASV Geel , who last played for Sint - Truiden in the Belgian Second Division .
Gaël Bigirimana ( Kirundi pronunciation : ( ɡaˈeːl βiɟiriˈmaːnaː ) ; born 22 October 1993 ) is a Burundian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Coventry City on loan from Newcastle United .
Harry Lamb is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers .
Florent Laville ( born 7 August 1973 in Valence , Drôme ) is a retired French football defender .
Joe Shaughnessy ( born 6 July 1992 ) is an Irish professional football defender who plays for Scottish Premiership club St Johnstone .
Ernando Rodrigues Lopes or simply Ernando ( born July 14 , 1988 in Formosa ) , is a Brazilian football central defender .
Sergio Rodríguez Viera ( 4 April 1928 -- 6 April 1986 ) was a Uruguayan footballer who played as a forward , and football manager .
Evgeni Aleksandrov ( Bulgarian : Евгени Александров ; born 14 June 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing for Litex Lovech as a goalkeeper .
Massimiliano Allegri ( Italian pronunciation : ( massimiˈljano alˈleɡri ) ; born 11 August 1967 ) is an Italian professional football manager currently in charge of Juventus and former midfielder .
Ofir Kriaf ( born 17 April 1991 ; Hebrew : אופיר קריאף‎ ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Oscar Pezzano ( 1948 - 19 February 1994 ) was an Argentine football goalkeeper , notable for his years in Estudiantes de La Plata .
Miloš Pantović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Пантовић ; born 7 July 1996 ) is a Serbian professional football who plays as a forward for German club Bayern Munich II in the Regionalliga Bayern .
Stuart Storer ( born January 1967 ) is a footballer , who played as a defender and is manager of Bedworth United .
Moisés Lima Magalhães ( born 17 March 1988 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Palmeiras , as a midfielder .
Luís Carlos Teixeira de Oliveira ( born 25 November 1982 in Lisbon ) , known as Luís Carlos , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Mafra as an attacking midfielder .
Phạm Nguyên Sa ( born 15 December 1989 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for V - League club SHB Đà Nẵng and the Vietnamese internationals .
Levan Silagadze ( Georgian : ლევან სილაგაძე ) ( born 4 August 1976 ) is a football defender from Georgia .
Giuli Mandzhgaladze ( Ukrainian : Гіулі Шотайович Манджгаладзе ; born 9 September 1992 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder of Georgian descent who played for FC Chikhura Sachkhere in the Georgian Premier League .
Vladimir Ivić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Ивић , born 7 May 1977 ) is a Serbian footballer who last played as a midfielder for PAOK .
Raitis Grafs ( born June 12 , 1981 ) is a Latvian professional basketball center .
Peter Jánošík ( born 2 January 1988 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as centre back .
Marco Amelia , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmarko aˈmɛːlja ) ; born 2 April 1982 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English team Chelsea .
Abdullah Qaisi ( Arabic : عبد الله قيسي‎ ; born May 8 , 1995 ) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajer .
Andrew McNeil ( born 19 January 1987 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper currently playing for Greenock Morton .
Dwayne Whylly ( born 26 November 1986 ) is an association football goalkeeper from The Bahamas who currently plays for Witney United .
Franco Sbuttoni ( born 1989 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a central defender and his current team is the Atlético Tucumán of First National B.
Mpho Matsi ( born 7 February 1990 in Mamelodi , Gauteng ) is a South African football player who plays as a defender and midfielder for University of Pretoria in the Premier Soccer League .
Paul Hague ( born 16 September 1972 in Shotley Bridge , County Durham ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a central defender .
Viktor Arefyev ( Ukrainian : Віктор Леонідович Ареф'єв ; born 23 January 1975 in Soviet Union ) is a retired professional Ukrainian football forward .
Dimas Galih Gumilang ( born 15 November 1991 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for PSGC Ciamis .
Carlos Gaete Moggia ( born 4 November 1987 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish born Chilean football midfielder who currently plays for AFC United in Sweden .
Liu Shanshan ( simplified Chinese : 刘杉杉 ; traditional Chinese : 劉杉杉 ; pinyin : Liú Shānshān ; born 16 March 1992 ) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women 's national football team and for Hebei of the Chinese Women 's Super League .
Nikola Aksentijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Аксентијевић ; born 9 March 1993 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian club Mouscron - Péruwelz .
Mart Dijkstra ( born 10 August 1990 in Delfzijl ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Eerste Divisie side Sparta Rotterdam .
Joe Calvert ( 3 February 1907 -- 23 December 1999 ) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Bristol Rovers , Leicester City and Watford .
Jorge Nicolás Mazzina ( born 31 January 1979 ) , known as Nicolás Mazzina , is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Fabian Weinhandl ( born January 3 , 1987 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently under contract to EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Vanderson Válter de Almeida ( born 15 January 1978 in Cuiabá , Mato Grosso ) , known as Vandinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis as a central midfielder .
Yevhen Kovalenko ( Ukrainian : Євген Олегович Коваленко ; born 11 August 1992 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder .
Cristian Dănălache ( born 15 July 1982 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian football forward who played for Gyeongnam FC in the South Korea .
Thomas Kojo ( born on May 22 , 1972 ) is a Liberian former football defender .
Antonis Georgallides ( Greek : Αντώνης Γεωργαλίδης ; born January 30 , 1982 , in Cyprus ) is a Cypriot football goalkeeper who currently plays for Omonoia and the Cypriot National Team .
Dani Bondar ( Hebrew : דני בונדר‎ ; born 7 February 1987 in Moscow ) was an Israeli former footballer played as a defender .
Ben Payal ( born 8 September 1988 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer ( midfielder ) who currently plays for CS Fola Esch .
Spyros Gogolos ( Greek : Σπύρος Γόγολος ) is an experienced Greek footballer , currently playing for Aris in the Football League 2 , as a defender .
Griddlebone is a cat character who appears in T. S. Eliot 's collection of poems Old Possum 's Book of Practical Cats and also the musical Cats during the song of ' Growltiger 's Last Stand ' .
The Paths of the Dead is a playable level in EA Games ' The Lord of the Rings :
The Bringers of the First Evil , or Harbingers of Death , are the acolytes of the First Evil in Joss Whedon 's TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Heather Kessler , also known as Lady Heather , is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , portrayed by Melinda Clarke .
Jean Slater ( also Walters ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by Gillian Wright .
Janae Timmins ( previously Hoyland ) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours , played by Eliza Taylor - Cotter .
Londo Mollari is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by Peter Jurasik .
Quran ascribes to Solomon a great level of wisdom , knowledge and power Quran 27/15 - -17 Quran 21/79 - -82 .
Lucy Baker is a fictional child character in the final two syndicated seasons of the long - running American television series , Lassie ( 1954 - 1973 ) .
The explanation for these changes is that Celebrimbor as a character , like Galadriel and Gil - galad , first appeared in The Lord of the Rings and then had to be inserted into The Silmarillion , thus leading to multiple changes to their descent .
Ikland is a 2011 documentary film about a journey into the mountains of northern Uganda near the Kenyan border and a visit with the notorious Ik people .
Night Fairy ( Hangul : 밤의 요정 ; RR : Bam ui yujeong ) is a 1986 South Korean film directed by Nam Ki - nam .
Justice Gopinath is a 1978 Indian Tamil film , directed by D. Yoganand .
The Leghorn Blows at Midnight is a 1949 Foghorn Leghorn cartoon , released by Warner Bros. in 1950 , which was directed by Robert McKimson .
Shadows of Glory ( Spanish : Sombras de gloria ) is a Spanish - language American film released in 1930 .
Britain 's Real Monarch was a historical documentary presented by Tony Robinson first shown on Channel 4 on 3 January 2004 .
Enter the Dangerous Mind , also known under its original title of Snap , is a 2013 psychological thriller film that was directed by Youssef Delara and Victor Teran .
The Wizard of Stone Mountain is a 2011 fantasy - adventure fan film based upon Mattel 's Masters of the Universe franchise and Faust by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Video Fool for Love is a 1996 Australian documentary film by film editor Robert Gibson about his love life .
A Poet in New York is a British drama television film that was first broadcast , in a 60-minute version , by BBC One Wales on 30 April 2014 .
Naajayaz ( Illegitimate ) is a 1995 Indian Hindi drama film .
Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles ( English : The Yellow Eyes of Crocodiles ) is a 2014 French drama film directed by Cécile Telerman and based on the best - selling novel Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles by Katherine Pancol .
The Glowing Hours is a 2012 English live - action short film written , produced and directed by Paul Young and starring Maya Beresford , about a young girl who looks to the past to remember a promise she once made .
Little Beau Porky is a Looney Tunes cartoon short produced by Leon Schlesinger and released in 1936 .
Il était une fois l’indépendance is a 2009 Malian film .
Gowdru ( Kannada : ಗೌಡ್ರು ) is a 2004 Kannada drama film directed by S. Mahendar .
The Hobart Shakespeareans of Hobart Boulevard Elementary School is a 2005 documentary film that tells the story of the inspirational inner - city Los Angeles school teacher Rafe Esquith whose rigorous fifth - grade curriculum includes English , mathematics , geography , and literature .
Bus 174 ( Portuguese : Ônibus 174 ) is a Brazilian documentary film released on October 22 , 2002 .
A Million Colours is a 2011 film directed by Peter Bishai and co - written with Andre Pieterse .
Invités Surprises ( English : Guests surprised ) is a comic film of Côte d'Ivoire issued in 2008 , directed by Mike Yoboué .
Pleins feux sur Stanislas ( English : Full fires on Stanislas ) is a French comedy thriller film from 1965 .
Actingclassof1977.com , or Acting Class of 1977 , is a 2008 Australian documentary television film that looks at the Australian entertainment industry and the actor - training practices of the National Institute of Dramatic Art during the 1970s .
The Rainbow Man ( aka La valle delle rose in Italy ) is a 1929 black and white American musical film .
20 Dates is a 1998 American mockumentary film .
Remorse , a Story of the Red Plague is a 1917 Australian silent film about a naive country boy who visits the big city and contracts syphilis .
100 Days with Mr. Arrogant ( aka My Love Ssagaji ) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film .
Love Circus is a 2010 Bengali language romance - drama film written and directed by Dulal Bhowmick .
Pyare Mohan ( Hindi : प्यारे मोहन , Urdu : پیارے موہن ) is a Bollywood film released in 2006 .
Pocong vs Kuntilanak is a 2008 horror film , directed and written by David Purnomo , and produced by Zainal Susanto .
A Muse ( Hangul : 은교 ; RR : Eun - gyo ) is a 2012 South Korean film adaptation of celebrated author Park Bum - shin 's novel Eun - gyo .
24/7 in Love is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by John D. Lazatin , Mae Czarina Cruz , Frasco Santos Mortiz and Dado Lumibao from Star Cinema .
Aanandham ( English : Happiness ) is a 2001 Tamil language family - drama film directed by N. Linguswamy and produced by R. B. Choudary .
Tale of the Navajos is a 1949 American documentary film written by Harry Chandlee and John A. Haeseler .
Patna Se Pakistan ( Hindi : पटना से पाकिस्तान ) is a 2015 Indian , Bhojpuri language action film directed by Santosh Mishra and produced by Ananjay Raghuraj .
A Street Cat Named Sylvester is a 1953 animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety .
Forgotten Girls is a 1940 American crime film directed by Phil Rosen and written by F. Hugh Herbert , Joseph Moncure March and George Beck .
Patrol 03 is a French animated television series that aired in 1997 and was broadcast on Pop , a British TV channel owned and operated by CSC Media Group ( formerly Chart Show Channels ) , a company associated with the makers of The Chart Show , a television programme that had previously been on Channel 4 and ITV ,
The Smurfs 2 is a 2013 American 3D live - action / computer - animated family comedy film and a sequel to the 2011 film The Smurfs .
Da Istanbul ordine di uccidere or From Istanbul , Orders To Kill is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Carlo Ferrero .
The Lone Wolf in Paris is a 1938 American film , one of Columbia 's Lone Wolf film series .
The Handbook of Australian Sea - birds is a book published in 1971 by A.H. & A.W. Reed in Sydney .
Diamonds of the Night ( Czech : Démanty noci ) is a Czech 1964 film about two boys on the run from a train taking them to a concentration camp .
Ca n't Stop Dancing is a 1999 feature - length film written and directed by Steven Falick and Ben Zook and starring Ben Zook .
Jenny of the Prairie is a video game developed by Rhiannon Software and published by Addison - Wesley for the Apple IIe in 1984 .
The Shattered Illusion is a 1928 Australian silent film about a rich financier who is shipwrecked .
Cappy Ricks Returns is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Mack V. Wright and written by George Waggner .
Filming of Even as IOU was completed April 18 - -22 , 1942 .
Wizard People , Dear Reader , released in 2004 , is an unauthorized , alternative soundtrack to Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , written by Brad Neely , a comic book artist from Fort Smith , Arkansas .
Haunts of the Very Rich is a 1972 made - for - TV thriller , broadcast as an ABC Movie of the Week .
The Secret of the Loch is a 1934 film about the Loch Ness Monster .
Cichlisuite is the sixth EP by Autechre and was released 26 August 1997 .
Carlton + Godard = Cinema is a 2003 Australian documentary about the Carlton film scene of the 1960s , including the work of such directors as Giorgio Mangiamele , Brian Davies , .
Man in a Blue Vase is an Australian television one - off comedy presentation which aired in 1960 .
Naa Ninna Bidalaare is a 1979 Indian Kannada horror film directed by Vijay and produced by C. Jayaram .
The Grand Escapade is a 1946 British family adventure film directed by John Baxter and starring James Harcourt , Patric Curwen and Peter Bull .
13Hrs is a 2010 British horror film directed by Jonathan Glendening .
Matrimonio alla moda is a 1951 Italian documentary short film .
I 'm a Stranger is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Brock Williams and starring Greta Gynt , James Hayter and Hector Ross .
The Red String is a 2004 documentary film about four adopted Chinese girls and their single mother parents .
Kalakkura Chandru is a low - budget Tamil film released in 2007 .
Koryo Celadon is a 1979 American short documentary film directed by Paul Raimondi about Goryeo dynasty pottery .
A Matter of Size ( Hebrew : סיפור גדול‎ ) is a 2009 Israeli film .
Naan Rajavaga Pogiren ( English : I am going to become a King ) is a 2013 Tamil action film co - written and directed by Prithvi Rajkumar , assistant of Vetrimaaran and writer of Sathyaraj starrer Lootty and 6.2 .
Sombra verde ( `` Green Shade '' ) is a 1954 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza .
Venus Doom is the sixth studio album by Finnish band , HIM , released on 14 September 2007 ( Germany , Finland , Sweden and Ireland ) , 17 September 2007 internationally and 18 September 2007 in the United States .
Made in Ash ( Slovak : Až do mesta Aš ) is a 2012 Slovak drama film directed by Iveta Grófová .
Pingu at the Wedding Party ( also known as A Very Special Wedding or Pingu : The Movie ) is a 1997 television film featuring the British - Swiss character Pingu .
Lamborghini American Challenge ( previously released as Crazy Cars III ) is a 1993 racing video game developed and published by Titus Interactive for the Super Nintendo , Atari ST , Amiga CD32 , Game Boy , PC DOS and Commodore 64 .
Okkadine is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Srinivas Raga and produced by C.V Reddy under Gulabi movies .
Forbidden World , originally titled Mutant , is a 1982 American cult classic science fiction / horror film .
Flying Disc Man from Mars is a 12-episode 1950 Republic film serial .
Alien Express ( formerly known as Dead Rail ) is a 2005 film directed by Turi Meyer and stars Lou Diamond Phillips , Amy Locane , Barry Corbin , and Todd Bridges .
Hammer House of Horror is a British television series made in 1980 .
Red Swastik is a 2007 Bollywood erotic thriller film directed by Vinod Pande .
Your Very Good Health is a 1948 British animated public information film about the foundation of the National Health Service ( NHS ) .
All Pink Inside is Frijid Pink 's fourth album , released in 1975 .
Horrors of Spider Island ( German : Ein Toter hing i m Netz , `` A Dead One Hung in the Web '' ) is a 1960 West German horror film directed by Fritz Böttger .
The Flying Fox in the Snowy Mountains is a two - part 1964 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha 's novel Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain .
Una Película de Huevos ( Spanish for A Movie of Eggs ) is a 2006 animated Mexican adventure comedy film produced by Huevocartoon Producciones ( Eggcartoon Productions ) .
X to Y is a 2009 short film written and directed by Matt Sobel and shot on location in White Sands , New Mexico .
If It Moves , Shoot It ! is a computer game developed by Brøderbund Software in 1989 for the PC ( DOS ) .
Enga Thambi ( English : Our Brother ) is a 1993 Tamil language Indian film directed by S. D. Saba .
The Woman from China is a 1930 British crime film directed by Edward Dryhurst and starring Julie Suedo , Gibb McLaughlin and Frances Cuyler .
The Squawkin ' Hawk is an American animated cartoon short in the Merrie Melodies series , first released to theatres on 8 October 1942 .
Viva Freedom ! ( 자유만세 , Jayu Manse , aka Hurrah ! For Freedom ) is a 1946 Korean film directed by Choi In - kyu .
My Uncle Rafael is a 2012 film directed by Marc Fusco .
Revolution ' 67 is a 2007 documentary film about the black rebellions of the 1960s .
Dulari Bibi is a 1933 Hindi / Urdu comedy film .
The Last Days on Mars is a 2013 science fiction - horror film directed by Ruairí Robinson with a screenplay by Clive Dawson , based on the short story `` The Animators '' by Sydney J. Bounds .
Mechanical Love is a 2007 documentary by Danish filmmaker Phie Ambo about Hiroshi Ishiguro and his work on robots that resemble humans ( gynoids and androids ) .
Dead Meat is a 2004 Irish zombie film written and directed by Conor McMahon , starring Spanish theatre actress Marian Araujo and veteran Irish actor Eoin Whelan .
Mesquite Buckaroo is a 1939 American black - and - white Western film .
The Murder of Captain Fryatt is a 1917 Australian silent film about the execution of Captain Charles Fryatt during World War I from John and Agnes Gavin .
Sayoojyam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film , directed by G Premkumar and produced by .
Jönssonligan dyker upp igen ( English : The Johnson Gang Resurface or The Return of the Johnson Gang ) is a 1986 Swedish comedy film , one of a series of films made about Jönssonligan , a gang of criminals .
In 2015 , `` Shooting an Elephant '' was adapted into a short film by director Juan Pablo Rothie and Academy Award nominated writer Alec Sokolow .
Parisile Ardharaathrikal is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by KS Rajan .
Monkey Shines ( sometimes called Monkey Shines : An Experiment in Fear ) is an American horror film originally released in 1988 .
Maftuningman ( Delighted by You ) ( Uzbek : Maftuningman , Мафтунингман ; Russian : Очарован тобой ) is a 1958 black - and - white Uzbek musical / comedy produced by Yoʻldosh Aʼzamov .
The Hidden World is a 1958 American science documentary film produced by Robert Snyder .
`` Big Time Sensuality '' is a song by Icelandic recording artist Björk , released as the fourth single from her 1993 album Debut ( 1993 ) .
I Can Stand a Little Rain is the fourth studio album by Joe Cocker , released in 1974 ( see 1974 in music ) .
Santa Hunters is a 2014 made for TV movie created for Nickelodeon .
Vayuputra ( Kannada : ವಾಯುಪುತ್ರ ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada romantic action film directed by Kishore Sarja and produced by his brother , actor Arjun Sarja .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 is a 2011 direct - to - DVD sequel to the family comedy film Beverly Hills Chihuahua , the second film in the Beverly Hills Chihuaha series .
Gente de bien ( English : `` Decent people '' ) is a 2014 French - Colombian drama film written and directed by Franco Lolli .
Too Fat Too Furious ( Dutch : Vet hard ) is a 2005 Dutch action comedy film .
V for Visa was released on 26 August 2013 and had its North American premiere at the Robert de Nero 's Tribeca Film Centre as part of the Bootleg Film Festival in New York where McPhail picked up the Best Director accolade .
Wrath of the Gods is a 1994 adventure - style computer game .
Cross Country USA is a 1985 edutainment videogame by Didatech .
The Book of Stars is a 1999 American drama film about two sisters , both of whom are on the down slopes of their lives but in entirely different ways .
Poor Tom Is Cold is 2004 made - for - TV film starring Peter Outerbridge , Colm Meaney , Keeley Hawes and Flora Montgomery .
Saving Sarah Cain is a 2007 film based on Beverly Lewis ' 2000 novel The Redemption of Sarah Cain .
Edhuvum Nadakkum ( English : Anything Can Happen ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil - language action film written and directed by newcomer R. Rosario .
Sex After Kids is a Canadian comedy film , written and directed by Jeremy Lalonde and released in 2013 .
Simon and Laura is a 1954 stage comedy by Alan Melville that in 1955 became a Rank Organisation film produced at Pinewood Studios .
First published in 1979 by Berita Publishing , The Kampung Boy was a commercial and critical success ; its first printing ( of at least 60,000 copies , 16 times ) was sold out within four months of its release .
Low and Behold is a 2007 film by director Zack Godshall .
Robin of Sherlock is a 1985 adventure video game developed by Delta 4 and published by Silversoft .
Circe , the Enchantress was a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard .
Man Jaiye is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara .
Machakaaran is a 2007 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Tamilvannan of Kalvanin Kadhali fame .
Absolute Killers ( aka Witness Insecurity , aka Snitch ) is a 2011 American thriller film directed by Heather Hale .
Tiger Orange is an American drama film , released in 2014 .
Panzer General is a computer wargame published by Strategic Simulations in 1994 and set in World War II .
La escopeta nacional ( in English , The National Shotgun ) is a 1978 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga .
Shut Up and Shoot Me ( Czech : Sklapni a zastřel mě ) is a 2005 Czech black comedy film .
Rise of the Kasai is an action game developed by BottleRocket Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America for the PlayStation 2 .
Palace of the Red Sun is a BBC Books original novel written by Christopher Bulis and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Sonic Chaos is a platform game for the Sega Master System developed by Aspect and published and released by Sega in Europe on October 25 , 1993 .
Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences ( French : Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration ) is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada .
Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London is the first novel in a series of young adult books written by Keith Mansfield and published by Quercus .
Inventiones Mathematicae is a mathematical journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media .
Rat Girl is a memoir published in 2010 by Penguin Books and written by Kristin Hersh , a guitarist , songwriter , and singer who has performed as a solo artist , and as guitarist / lead singer of the alternative rock band Throwing Muses .
The Loyola Consumer Law Review ( CLR ) , is a student - run legal journal affiliated with the Loyola University Chicago School of Law .
Monday or Tuesday is a 1921 short story collection by Virginia Woolf published by The Hogarth Press .
Mini - Munchman is a handheld electronic game that was released in 1981 in the UK by Grandstand .
Nature and Culture is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books that covers the historical and contemporary relationships that societies have with nature .
Pattern Recognition Letters is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that is published by North Holland , an imprint of Elsevier , on behalf of the International Association for Pattern Recognition .
Phytochemical Analysis is a bimonthly peer - reviewed scientific journal established in 1991 and published by John Wiley & Sons .
Super Smash Bros. , known in Japan as Dairantō Smash Brothers ( Japanese : 大乱闘スマッシュブラザーズ Hepburn : Dairantō Sumasshu Burazāzu , lit . `` Great Melee Smash Brothers '' ) , is a series of crossover fighting games published by Nintendo , that primarily featuring characters from franchises established on its systems .
The Brighter Buccaneer is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in June 1933 .
The Annals of Oncology is a peer - reviewed medical journal of oncology , published by Oxford University Press .
Diner Dash is a strategy video game and time management initially developed by New York City - based American game development studio Gamelab and published by San Francisco - based PlayFirst .
The Story of Little Black Sambo is a children 's book written and illustrated by Helen Bannerman , and first published by Grant Richards in October 1899 as one in a series of small - format books called The Dumpy Books for Children .
In August 1997 , shortly before the game 's release , The Logic Factory announced they had split with Broderbund and would publish The Tone Rebellion under Virgin Interactive .
The European Review of Economic History is an international peer - reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press in association with the European Historical Economics Society .
The Land of Rape and Honey is the third studio album by industrial metal band Ministry , released in 1988 on Sire Records .
Combustication was MMW 's first album for the renowned jazz label Blue Note Records , and also marked a stylistic shift for the band , with a deeper groove and the notable infusion of rhythmic influences from Hip hop and a variety of other styles .
CD single ( Zomba / Sony BMG / 82876 686403 2 ) `` Mijn houten hart '' 3:23 `` Mijn houten hart '' ( Instrumental ) 3:23
Tightly Unwound ( 2008 ) is the seventh studio album by The Pineapple Thief , and their first album released by Kscope .
Chicago , Detroit , Redruth is a full length album by Luke Vibert , released in 2007 on Planet Mu .
To Willie is the fourth full - length album by Phosphorescent , and their second on the Dead Oceans label .
Original Masters is a greatest hits album by Jethro Tull released under Chrysalis Records in 1985 .
Be My Echo is a studio album by Kid Icarus released in 2002 by Summersteps Records .
No Cigar is an EP by the Swedish punk rock band Millencolin , released on May 8 , 2001 by Burning Heart Records in Sweden , Epitaph Records in North America , and Shock Records in Australia .
`` ( If There Was ) Any Other Way '' was released by Columbia Records as the album 's lead single in Canada on 26 March 1990 .
Yes Please ! was the last studio album that the British band Happy Mondays recorded before leaving Factory Records .
Emotion Is Dead is the second studio album by the Greensburg , Pennsylvania , band The Juliana Theory , released on August 29 , 2000 , on Tooth & Nail Records .
Let England Shake is the eighth studio album by English singer - songwriter and musician PJ Harvey , released on 11 February 2011 by Island Records .
Kinshasa One Two is an album recorded by Damon Albarn alongside ten producers of the newly established DRC Music ( Democratic Republic of the Congo Music ) group , to benefit Oxfam 's work in Congo .
Across the Borders , a live album by Battlefield Band , was released in 1997 on the Temple Records label .
Love & Emotion was the third album from the `` king of freestyle '' , Stevie B. It was released in 1990 on RCA Records ( see 1990 in music ) .
Djin Djin is the eighth studio album by Beninese singer Angélique Kidjo , released on April 27 , 2007 ( see 2007 in music ) on Razor & Tie .
No More Looking over My Shoulder is American country music artist Travis Tritt 's sixth album , released on Warner Bros. Records in 1998 .
Hip Hug - Her is the fifth studio album by the Southern soul band Booker T. & the M.G. 's , released on Stax Records in June 1967 .
Old Ways is the fourteenth studio album by Canadian musician and singer - songwriter Neil Young , released on August 12 , 1985 on Geffen Records .
In 2001 , Cannibal Ox released the first album The Cold Vein on Definitive Jux .
`` Forever Came Today '' is a 1967 song written and produced by the Motown collective of Holland--
Bitches Brew is a studio double album by jazz musician Miles Davis , released on March 30 , 1970 on Columbia Records .
`` When Mercy Found Me '' is a song by Christian Alternative - Southern Rock group Rhett Walker Band from their debut studio album , Come to the River on Essential Records .
Sings Hank Williams is the seventh album by American country and rock and roll singer Johnny Cash , released under Sun Records on September 15 , 1960 .
Southern Child was Little Richard 's fourth and final album for Reprise Records , due to be released in 1972 .
`` Sweet and Tender Hooligan '' is a song by The Smiths , recorded in 1986 , and released as a single in May 1995 by their American record company Sire Records .
Too Much Fun ! is the ninth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders , released on July 13 , 1999 through Rounder Records .
And Their Refinement of the Decline is the seventh studio album by Stars of the Lid , which was released by Kranky Records in April 2007 .
In the Absence of Truth is the fourth full - length studio album by Los Angeles , California - based post - metal band Isis , released by Ipecac Recordings on 31 October 2006 .
Skankin ' Pickle Fever is the second studio album by American ska punk band Skankin ' Pickle , released in 1992 on the band 's own label , Dill Records .
Making Circles is the second album released by indie rock band The Seldon Plan , released in April 2005 by OTPRecords and re - released in September 2005 by Magnatune .
Rokenrol is a 2002 album by the Red Elvises .
Down for the Count is the seventh studio album by American hard rock / heavy metal band Y&T , released in 1985 through A&M Records .
`` Praise You In This Storm '' is a song recorded by contemporary Christian music band Casting Crowns , released by Beach Street and Reunion Records .
Ex - Sensitive is the second album by Scottish / American singer Ben Jelen and is his first release on Linda Perry 's Custard Records .
The Hoober - Bloob Highway is an animated musical special written by Dr. Seuss and produced by DePatie - Freleng Enterprises for CBS in 1975 .
Carom Shots ( French : Carambolages ) is a 1963 French comedy film directed by Marcel Bluwal .
Quantum Love ( French : Une rencontre ) is a 2014 French film written and directed by Lisa Azuelos and starring Sophie Marceau and François Cluzet .
Moritz , Dear Moritz ( German : Moritz , lieber Moritz ) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Hark Bohm .
The Finishers ( French : De toutes nos forces ) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Nils Tavernier .
Lemonade Joe , or the Horse Opera ( Czech : Limonádový Joe aneb Koňská opera ) is a 1964 Czechoslovak musical comedy film , directed by Oldřich Lipský and written by Jiří Brdečka , based on his novel and stage play .
The Legend of Zorro is a 2005 American swashbuckler adventure film and sequel to The Mask of Zorro ( 1998 ) , directed by Martin Campbell , produced by Walter F. Parkes , Laurie MacDonald and Lloyd Phillips with music by James Horner and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman .
Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam ( English : I Have Given My Heart Away Darling ) is a 1999 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali .
The Expendables 2 is a 2012 American ensemble action film directed by Simon West , written by Richard Wenk and Sylvester Stallone and based on a story by Ken Kaufman , David Agosto and Wenk .
Mister Scarface ( originally l Padroni della città , also known as Rulers of the City ) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Jack Palance .
Dead Tired ( French : Grosse Fatigue ) is a 1994 French comedy film directed by Michel Blanc .
Welcome in Vienna ( German : Wohin und zurück - Welcome in Vienna ) is a 1986 Austrian drama film directed by Axel Corti .
Betrayed by a Handprint is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith .
We Are All in Temporary Liberty ( Italian : Siamo tutti in libertà provvisoria ) is a 1971 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Manlio Scarpelli .
The Cézanne Affair ( Italian : L'uomo nero ) is a 2009 Italian comedy drama film written , directed and starred by Sergio Rubini .
The Musician Killer ( French : L'Assassin musicien ) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Anna Karina .
More American Graffiti is a 1979 American comedy - drama film written and directed by Bill L. Norton .
Assignment K is a 1968 Technicolor British thriller film directed by Val Guest in Techniscope , and starring Stephen Boyd , Camilla Sparv , Michael Redgrave and Leo McKern .
A major concern of Chris Fedak and Josh Schwartz was that audiences would mistake the previous episode for the season finale , however Fedak described `` Chuck Versus the Ring '' as a `` cataclysmic bit of action - comedy , '' and promised that it would be even bigger than `` Chuck Versus the Colonel . ''
Based on the 2001 novel An Invisible Sign of My Own by Aimee Bender , the film is about a painfully withdrawn young woman who , as a child , turned to math for comfort after her father became ill , and now as an adult , teaches the subject and must help her students through their own crises .
Summer Night ( Italian : Notte d'estate con profilo greco , occhi a mandorla e odore di basilico , also known as Summer Night with Greek Profile , Almond Eyes and Scent of Basil ) is a 1986 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller .
My Dinner with Andre is a 1981 film starring Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn , written by Gregory and Shawn , and directed by Louis Malle .
Our Last Spring ( Greek : Ερόικα , translit . Eroica ) is a 1960 Greek drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis and based on the 1938 novel `` Eroica '' by Greek writer Kosmas Politis .
The Scarlet Claw is a 1944 Sherlock Holmes movie directed by Roy William Neill , starring Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce .
Bigger Than Life is an American DeLuxe Color CinemaScope film made in 1956 directed by Nicholas Ray and starring James Mason , who also co - wrote and produced the film , about a school teacher and family man whose life spins out of control upon becoming addicted to cortisone .
I 'll Follow You Down is a 2013 Canadian techno - thriller written and directed by Richie Mehta .
Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome ( also known as Mad Max 3 : Beyond Thunderdome or simply Mad Max 3 ) is a 1985 Australian post - apocalyptic action adventure film directed by George Miller and George Ogilvie , distributed by Warner Bros. , and written by Miller and Terry Hayes .
Master of the Flying Guillotine is a 1976 Taiwanese wuxia film starring Jimmy Wang Yu , who also wrote and directed the film .
L'infermiera nella corsia dei militari , internationally released as The Nurse in the Military Madhouse , is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti .
The Idiots ( Danish : Idioterne ) is a 1998 Danish comedy - drama film directed by Lars von Trier .
SLC Punk ! is a 1998 American comedy - drama film written and directed by James Merendino .
Nasser Asphalt ( Wet Asphalt ) is a 1958 West - German thriller starring Horst Buchholz and featuring Gert Fröbe , written by Will Tremper and directed by Frank Wisbar .
Marie Antoinette Queen of France ( French : Marie - Antoinette reine de France and also known as Shadow of the Guillotine ) is a French language motion picture historical drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co - wrote screenplay with Pierre Erlanger and Bernard Zimmer .
Cloverfield is a 2008 American found footage science fiction monster horror film directed by Matt Reeves , produced by J. J. Abrams and Bryan Burk , and written by Drew Goddard .
5 Card Stud is a 1968 Western Mystery directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Dean Martin and Robert Mitchum , The script , based on a novel by Ray Gaulden , was written by Marguerite Roberts , who also wrote the screenplay of True Grit for Hathaway the following year .
The Little Devil ( original Italian name Il piccolo diavolo ) is a 1988 Italian film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni , also starring Walter Matthau , Stefania Sandrelli , Nicoletta Braschi and John Lurie .
Alex in Wonderland is a 1970 American comedy - drama film directed by Paul Mazursky , written with his partner Larry Tucker , starring Donald Sutherland and Ellen Burstyn .
Rencontres ( English title : Meetings ) is a 1962 French language motion picture drama directed by Philippe Agostini who co - wrote screenplay with Odette Joyeux and Bertram L. Lonsdale .
The Archangel ( Italian : L'arcangelo ) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Vittorio Gassman .
Natale a New York ( Christmas in New York ) is a 2006 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti , with Christian De Sica and Massimo Ghini .
Practically Yours is a 1944 comedic film made by Paramount Pictures , directed by Mitchell Leisen , written by Norman Krasna , and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray .
The Son 's Room ( Italian : La stanza del figlio ) is a 2001 Italian film directed , written , produced by and starring Nanni Moretti .
We Were Strangers is a 1949 adventure -- drama film directed by John Huston and starring Jennifer Jones and John Garfield .
The Astronaut 's Wife is a 1999 American science fiction thriller film directed and written by Rand Ravich .
Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion ( Italian : Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto ) is a 1970 Italian crime drama film directed by Elio Petri .
The Harvest Month ( Finnish : Elokuu ) is a 1956 Finnish drama film directed by Matti Kassila .
Waltz with Bashir ( Hebrew : ואלס עם באשיר‎ , translit . Vals I m Bashir ) is a 2008 Israeli animated war documentary film written and directed by Ari Folman .
Nénette et Boni ( English : Nenette and Boni ) is a 1996 feature film directed by Claire Denis , written by Denis in collaboration with Jean - Pol Fargeau .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance , Ben Coccio , and Darius Marder .
Journey to Italy , also known as Voyage to Italy ( Italian : Viaggio in Italia ) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Ingrid Bergman and George Sanders .
Pure as a Lily ( Italian : Come una rosa al naso ) is a 1976 comedy film directed by Franco Rossi and starring Vittorio Gassman .
Two If by Sea ( also known in the United Kingdom as Stolen Hearts ) is a 1996 American romantic comedy film directed by Bill Bennett , and starring Sandra Bullock and Denis Leary .
Tommy Boy is a 1995 American road comedy film directed by Peter Segal , written by Bonnie and Terry Turner , produced by Lorne Michaels , and starring former Saturday Night Live castmates and close friends Chris Farley and David Spade .
Bonjour Monsieur Shlomi ( Hebrew title : Ha - Kochavim Shel Shlomi הכוכבים של שלומי - Shlomi 's Stars ) is a 2003 film written and directed by Shemi Zarhin .
Man Under Suspicion ( German : Morgen in Alabama ) is a 1984 West German film directed by Norbert Kückelmann .
Rocky IV is a 1985 American sports film written , directed by , and starring Sylvester Stallone .
Courage - Let 's Run ( or Courage fuyons ) is a French romantic comedy film directed by Yves Robert .
Steamboat Willie is a 1928 American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks .
Heavenly Pursuits ( knows as Gospel According to Vic in some territories ) is a 1986 Scottish comedy film written and directed by Charles Gormley and starring Tom Conti , Helen Mirren , and David Hayman .
Seagulls Fly Low ( Italian : I gabbiani volano basso ) is a 1978 Italian crime film written and directed by Giorgio Cristallini and starring Maurizio Merli , Nathalie Delon and Mel Ferrer .
Fante - Anne ( Gypsy Anne ) is a Norwegian silent film from 1920 directed by Rasmus Breistein .
The Wedding Director ( Italian : Il regista di matrimoni ) is a 2006 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio .
Banco à Bangkok pour OSS 117 released in the USA as Shadow of Evil is a 1964 French / Italian international co - production Eurospy spy - fi film .
`` He 's Alive '' is a fourth - season episode of The Twilight Zone .
`` Previously Unaired Christmas '' is the eighth episode and fall finale of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee , and the ninety - sixth episode overall .
The Renault Symbol , or Thalia in some markets , is a supermini car produced by the French automobile manufacturer Renault .
`` The Third Conchord '' is the twelfth and final episode of the first season of the HBO comedy series Flight of the Conchords .
Jimmy Was Kung - Fu Fighting is the Twelfth episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life .
`` Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! '' is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 196th overall episode .
`` Bixby 's Back '' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series , Modern Family and the 38th episode overall .
Ultimate Fighter - known in Japan as Hiryū no Ken S :
`` Britney / Brittany '' is the second episode of the second season of the American television series Glee , and the twenty - fourth episode overall .
`` Looking After Our Own '' is the second episode of the British espionage television series Spooks .
Conan , Scourge of the Bloody Coast is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
Crafting Mama , known in Japan as Craft Mama ( クラフトママ Kurafuto Mama ) and in the PAL region as Cooking Mama World :
`` The Adventure of the Three Garridebs '' ( 1924 ) , one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , is one of 12 stories in the cycle collected as The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes .
`` Chirpy Burpy Cheap Sheep '' is the second episode of the third series of the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted .
Un chariot dans l'Ouest ( A Carriage in the West ) is the first in Les Tuniques Bleues comic series by Louis Salvérius and Raoul Cauvin .
The Nikon Coolpix L100 is a semi - compact digital camera produced by Nikon Corporation and is part of the Nikon Coolpix series .
`` Jose Chung 's Doomsday Defense '' is the ninth episode of the second season of Fox 's Millennium .
Ursule Mirouët , an often overlooked novel , belongs to Honoré de Balzac 's great series of 94 novels and short stories La Comédie humaine .
`` Back Burners '' is the seventh episode of the third season of the HBO original series , The Wire .
Turkey Dinner is the sixth episode of the seventh series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army , that was originally transmitted on Monday , 23 December 1974 .
Dead in the Family is a 2010 New York Times Bestselling Gothic mystery novel by Charlaine Harris and the tenth book in her The Southern Vampire Mysteries series .
`` Hot Pocket - Dial '' is the seventh episode of the fourteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy , and the 256th episode overall .
`` I , E.T. '' is the second episode from the first season of the television series Farscape , written by Sally Lapiduss and directed by Pino Amenta .
Alerte aux Pieds Bleus is a Lucky Luke adventure in French , written and illustrated by Morris it was the tenth title in the original series and was published by Dupuis in 1958 .
The Savage Amusement is an original novel written by David Bishop and based on the long - running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd .
Haunted Mouse is a 1965 Tom and Jerry cartoon directed and produced by Chuck Jones .
`` The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer '' is the 5th episode of the sixth season of the Comedy Central series South Park and the 83rd episode of the series overall .
`` Claimed '' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead ; it aired on AMC on February 23 , 2014 .
`` Ten Sessions '' is the 13th episode of the third season of How I Met Your Mother , and the 57th episode overall of the series .
Arctic Drift is a Dirk Pitt novel , the 20th of the series and was released on November 25 , 2008 .
Liesbet Vindevoghel ( born 29 December 1979 ) is a Belgian female former volleyball player , playing as a outside - spiker .
Chou Tai - ying ( Chinese : 周台英 , born August 16 , 1963 ) is a Taiwanese female football ( soccer ) coach and former player .
Tang Yuanting ( Chinese : 唐渊渟 ; born 2 August 1994 ) is a female Chinese badminton player .
Matt Schnobrich ( born November 12 , 1978 ) is a male rower who qualified for the prestigious bow seat in the United States Men 's Eight in the rowing events of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Julie Zwarthoed ( born September 25 , 1994 ) is a Dutch female ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Eaters Geleen 2 of the Eerste Divisie .
Feeling spurned by Orpheus for taking only male lovers , the Ciconian women , followers of Dionysus , first threw sticks and stones at him as he played , but his music was so beautiful even the rocks and branches refused to hit him .
Rojs Piziks ( born February 12 , 1971 in Sigulda ) is a retired male decathlete and high jumper from Latvia , who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , United States .
Angelica Rozeanu ( 15 October 1921 -- 22 February 2006 ) was a Romanian table tennis player of Jewish origin , and one of the most successful female table tennis players in the history of the sport .
Aleksandra Račić ( Serbian : Александра Рачић ; born September 19 , 1990 ) is Serbian female basketball player .
Elena Kazan is German - Russian actress who appears in German as well as Indian films such as Agent Vinod , John Day , Prague etc . The German - Philippine , English film ' Ruined Heart ' in which Kazan plays the leading female role was released in March 2015 .
Anootsara Maijarern ( Thai : อนุชศรา หมายเจริญborn 14 February 1986 ) is a Thai female international footballer who plays as a defender .
Ashleigh Moolman Pasio ( born 9 December 1985 ) is a South African professional female road bicycle racer currently riding for UCI team Bigla Pro Cycling Team .
Jung Dae - young ( Hangul : 정대영 , Hanja : 鄭大永 ; born 12 August 1981 ) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player .
Margaret Caroline Rudd ( c. 1745 -- c. 1798 ) was a notorious female forger during the 18th century in Britain .
Haya Rashed Al - Khalifa ( born October 18 , 1952 ) ( Arabic : هيا راشد آل خليفة‎ ) is a pioneering female lawyer and diplomat from Bahrain .
Lauren Walker is an English female footballer who usually plays at either left - back or left midfield .
Arkía El - Ammari ( born 9 October 1976 ) is a Spanish female former volleyball player , playing as an opposite .
Lenka Maňhalová ( born October 28 , 1974 in Liberec ) is a retired female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the Czech Republic , who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games : in 1992 and 1996 .
Zhou Yafei ( Chinese : 周雅菲 ; pinyin : Zhōu Yǎfēi ; born 1984 - 01 - 17 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Manning has a line of male sex toys bearing his name , Nick Manning 's Masturstroke Kit ( a masturbation device / penis enlarger or penis pump ) and Nick Manning 's Body Slam Masturbator .
Bai Lili ( Chinese : 白莉莉 ; pinyin : Bái Lìlì ; born October 29 , 1978 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
A branch of the family resided at Greens Norton in Northamptonshire from the fourteenth century until the death of the last Sir Thomas Green without male heirs in 1506 .
Priscila Marques ( born May 17 , 1978 in Santos ( São Paulo ) ) is a female judoka from Brazil , who won the bronze medal in the heavyweight division ( + 78 kg ) at the 1999 Pan American Games .
Silvia Farina Elia ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsilvja faˈriːna eˈliːa ) ; born 27 April 1972 ) is a former female tennis player from Italy .
In all references about this story , he is always called Sporus , a male name , when the female would be Spora .
Camille Duvall , also known as `` The Golden Goddess '' , is a retired American female professional water skier .
Asmaa bint Saqr Al Qasimi Arabic : سمو الشيخة الشاعرة أسماء بنت صقر القاسمي(born 24 December in Kalba , Sharjah , United Arab Emirates ) is a female poet .
Tanja Damaske ( born 16 November 1971 in Berlin ) is a former female javelin thrower from Germany , best known for winning the gold medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest , Hungary .
Tang Lingsheng ( born 1971 in Lingui , Guangxi ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Sunil Dabas is a coach of national female Kabbadi team of India .
Elena Esteban ( born 13 June 1982 ) is a Spanish female former volleyball player , playing as a libero .
Joanne Goode , MBE , ( born 17 November 1972 in Harlow as Joanne Wright ) is a former English female badminton player .
Anna Honzáková ( 16 November 1875 -- 13 October 1940 ) was the first female doctor to graduate from the Charles - Ferdinand University in Prague , which she did on March 17 , 1902 .
Stanisław Rola ( born January 28 , 1957 ) is a retired male race walker from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , USSR .
Viktorija Ni is one of the top female American chess players with the title of women 's international Master since 2010 .
Chuck Jones is reported to have said , `` June Foray is not the female Mel Blanc , Mel Blanc was the male June Foray . ''
Tan Sixin ( Chinese : 谭思欣 , pinyin : Tán Sì Xīn , born January 10 , 1995 in Jiangmen , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese gymnast .
José Ismael Sarmiento Riaño ( born July 15 , 1973 in Cómbita , Boyacá ) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia .
Iva Roglić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ива Роглић , born March 23 , 1988 in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian female basketball player .
Ezlynn Deraniyagala ( 1908 -- 1973 ) was a Sri Lankan barrister and feminist , who was the first female Sri Lankan barrister .
Beatrice Egli ( born 21 June 1988 in Pfäffikon , Switzerland ) is a Swiss female singer and the winner of season 10 of the German music competition Deutschland sucht den Superstar .
Oreidis Despaigne Terry ( born September 20 , 1981 ) is a male judoka from Cuba , winner of the Pan American Games men 's half heavyweight division at the 2007 Games , he also won the bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games and at the 2007 and 2010 World Championships .
While her female lead costars usually played roles of good - natured , modest , or pious women , Shashikala usually played either flighty and feisty bubbly women or vamps who plotted the downfall of others .
In the following years Konan Big would wrestle against other Multimedios personalities such as male model Alfonso de Nigris , Regalito the Clown , and Acábatelo host Mario Bezares .
Veronika Hrončeková ( born 2 January 1990 ) is a Slovak female former volleyball player , playing as a middle - blocker .
Harel Levy ( Hebrew : הראל לוי‎ ; born August 5 , 1978 in Kibbutz Nahshonim , Israel ) is a retired Israeli professional male tennis player .
Amanda MacKay is a female model , television host , and journalist .
Red Sonja became the archetypal fantasy figure of a fierce and beautiful female barbarian .
Lency Montelier Ellacia ( born 13 February 1971 ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba , best known for winning the gold medal in the women 's 400 m hurdles at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana , Cuba .
Beáta Dubasová ( born 14 May 1963 in Stropkov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak female singer .
Madzy Rollin Couquerque ( 14 April 1903 -- 16 July 1994 ) was a Dutch female hockey- and tennis player who was active from the 1920s until the late 1950s .
Elana frequently performs as a solo artist The Elana Stone Band and with the country music influenced female harmony band , All Our Exes Live in Texas .
La Comandante ( Born April 23 , 1978 in Ecatepec , State of Mexico ) is the ring name of a Mexican luchadora , or female professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a ruda ( `` Bad guy '' ) wrestling character .
Todor Skrimov or Todor Skrimow ( Bulgarian : Тодор Скримов ) ( born 9 January 1990 ) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player .
Teuta Cuni ( born 1973 ) is a retired Swedish amateur female lightweight boxer who has also practiced , but not competed in , kickboxing .
London United is basketball team from London , England , currently competing in English Basketball League Division 2 .
Stefon Jackson ( born May 7 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player , currently playing for S.Oliver Baskets in Germany .
Derron Smith ( born February 4 , 1992 ) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals .
The NWL Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in the National Wrestling League promotion .
The 2011 Green Soccer Bowl ( reported by some media outlets as the Obama Cup ) was a proposed association football tournament .
The Tamaki Titans ( originally Tamaki Leopards ) were a franchise in the now defunct New Zealand rugby league Bartercard Cup competition .
Albert Oliver Campos ( born June 4 , 1978 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player currently playing for Herbalife Gran Canaria of the ACB league .
The Saavedra position is one of the best known chess endgame studies .
Little League Baseball and Softball ( officially , Little League International ) is a non - profit organization based in South Williamsport , Pennsylvania , United States , which organizes local youth baseball and softball leagues throughout the U.S. and the rest of the world .
Dejan Antić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Антић ; born 1968 ) is a Serbian grandmaster , who in 1988 began his career as a chess professional .
Eddie Casiano Ojeda ( born September 20 , 1972 in New York , United States ) is a Puerto Rican basketball coach and former BSN player .
Leoš Friedl ( born 1 January 1977 in Jindřichův Hradec ) is an inactive Czech professional tennis player best known for his doubles play with František Čermák .
Nicole Koolhaas ( born January 31 , 1991 in Hoorn ) is a Dutch volleyball player , who plays as a Center .
The 2014 Masters Tournament was the 78th edition of the Masters Tournament , the first of golf 's four major championships in 2014 .
The Libya national football team ( Arabic : منتخب ليبيا لكرة القدم‎ ) is the national association football team of Libya and is controlled by the Libyan Football Federation .
The Chicago Muscle was a professional minor league basketball team in the Premier Basketball League .
Kyle Eastmond is a professional rugby union and former rugby league player who currently plays for Bath .
The Badminton Confederation of Africa ( BCA ) ( formerly known as Africa Badminton Federation ) is the governing body of badminton in Africa .
The NWA World Historic Light Heavyweight Championship ( Campeonato Mundial Historico de Peso Semicompleto de la NWA in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) .
Liu Guoliang ( simplified Chinese : 刘国梁 ; traditional Chinese : 劉國梁 ; pinyin : Liú Guóliáng ; born January 10 , 1976 , in Xinxiang , Henan ) is a Chinese table tennis player who has won all titles at major world tournaments including World Championships , World Cup and Olympic Games .
Omar El Turk ( in Arabic عمر الترك ) ( born in Beirut , Lebanon on 30 September 1981 ) is a Lebanese Canadian basketball player and member of the Lebanon national basketball team .
Moritz Porges ( 1857 -- 1909 ) was a Jewish Czech chess player .
Adrian Vowles ( born 30 May 1971 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
The 1985 European Tour was the 14th official season of golf tournaments known as the PGA European Tour .
Tamara Steeves ( born September 23 , 1989 ) is a Canadian 1.5 point wheelchair basketball player from Etobicoke , Ontario who won a gold medal in the 2009 Artland Open which was hosted in Quakenbruck , Germany and in 2011 bronze medal at Osaka Cup which was hosted in Osaka , Japan .
Pervis Ellison ( born April 3 , 1967 ) is an American former NBA basketball player .
The 2009 ACC Trophy Challenge was a cricket tournament in Chiang Mai , Thailand , taking place between 12 and 21 January 2009 .
The Richmond County Bank Ballpark at St. George ( RCB Ballpark ) is a baseball stadium located on the north - eastern tip of Staten Island .
Captain Maurice John Kingscote was a British polo champion .
The 1976 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 43rd Ice Hockey World Championships and the 54th European Championships in ice hockey .
The 2011 ADAC Formel Masters season was the fourth season of the ADAC Formel Masters open wheel auto racing series in Germany .
Marcel Lopuchovský ( born May 2 , 1977 in Košice ) is a Slovak athlete who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s before switching to bobsleigh in 2005 .
The 1997 WNBA draft was the inaugural draft held by the WNBA through which teams could select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women 's basketball players .
Farzad Houshidari ( born September 6 , 1987 ) is an Iranian professional inline hockey and ice hockey player .
Ramūnas Butautas ( born May 22 , 1964 in Kaunas , Lithuanian SSR , USSR ) is a Lithuanian basketball coach .
Stirling County RFC is a rugby union club in the Scottish Rugby Union based in Stirling that plays in the Scottish Premiership .
Andrea Barnó ( born 4 January 1980 in Estella - Lizarra ) is a Spanish handball player , playing on the Spanish women 's national team and Itxako Reyno de Navarra .
Junior Davis Cup and Junior Fed Cup are the international team events in junior tennis .
The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded annually to the national senior amateur men 's ice hockey champions of Canada .
Rémi Souyeux ( born 19 July 1984 ) is a French association football striker , currently playing for Championnat National side Luzenac .
The 2007 Davis Cup was the 96th edition of the Davis Cup , a national teams competition in men 's tennis .
The 2009 Giro dell'Emilia was the 92nd edition of this single day road bicycle racing .
Jamelle Hagins is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek Basket League .
The Estevan Bruins are a junior ice hockey team playing in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League ( SJHL ) .
Anand Amritraj ( Tamil : ஆனந்த் அம்ரித்ராஜ் ; born 20 March 1952 , Madras , Tamil Nadu ) is a former Indian tennis player and businessman .
Petrus Fourie du Preez ( Afrikaans pronunciation : ( fuˈri duˈpri.ə ) ; born 24 March 1982 in Pretoria ) is a former rugby union player .
Lê Quang Liêm ( born 13 March 1991 ) is a Vietnamese chess grandmaster and the 2013 World Blitz Chess Champion .
Melody Johnson ( born December 15 , 1978 ) is a former American women 's basketball player who attended University of Colorado and Arizona State University .
Justin Keller ( born March 4 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Italian club HCB South Tyrol in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Carlos Briggs ( born March 2 , 1964 ) is a retired American professional basketball player from Boston , Massachusetts .
Vera Nebolsina ( born 16 December 1989 , in Tomsk ) is a Russian chess player .
Vincent Vanasch ( born 21 December 1987 in Evere ) is a Belgian international field hockey goalkeeper .
The Sri Lanka Football Premier League ( currently known under its sponsored name Dialog Champions League ) is a Sri Lanka professional league for men 's association football clubs .
The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open ( known as the Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a professional men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The Asnières Castors is a French ice hockey team based in Asnières - sur - Seine playing in the FFHG Division 2 .
The Cincinnati Stingers were an ice hockey team based in Cincinnati , Ohio , that played in the World Hockey Association from 1975 to 1979 and in the Central Hockey League during the 1979 - -80 season .
Kazakhmys Hockey Club ( Kazakh : `` Қазақмыс '' хоккей клубы ) , commonly referred as Kazakhmys Satpaev , is a professional ice hockey team based in Satpaev , Kazakhstan .
Yamaico Navarro Pérez ( born October 31 , 1987 ) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Chiba Lotte Marines club of Nippon Professional Baseball .
Rick Leach ( born December 28 , 1964 ) is a former professional tennis player and a coach from the United States .
The 2008 Asian Women 's Cup Volleyball Championship was the first women 's volleyball tournament of its kind , this tournament that qualified for 4 Asian team to the FIVB World Grand Prix 2009 , played by top eight teams of the 2007 Asian Women 's Volleyball Championship from October 1 to October 7 , 2008 .
The All - Russia Athletic Federation ( ARAF ; Russian : Всероссийская федерация лёгкой атлетики , ВФЛА ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Russia .
Martín Bustos Moyano ( born July 12 , 1985 , in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer , currently with the French Top 14 club Montpellier .
The British Figure Skating Championships ( known in some years as the British Ice Figure and Dance Championships and the British Ice Figure & Synchronized Skating Championships ) are a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of the United Kingdom .
Floyd Snider ( ca . 1924 -- February 12 , 1976 ) was a former Canadian ice hockey player .
The National Celebrities Open and the National Capital Open were the names of golf tournaments on the PGA Tour that were played in the greater Washington , D.C. area in the middle part of the 20th century .
The 1999 Gold Flake Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Chennai , India , that was part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour .
RK Metalurg Skopje ( HC Metalurg Skopje ) ( Macedonian : РК Металург Скопје ) is a handball club from Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
The Japan Basketball League ( JBL ) was a professional basketball league in Japan .
Claudia Rivero Modenesi ( born November 28 , 1986 in Lima ) is a Peruvian professional badminton player who won the bronze medal in the singles and mixed doubles category at the 2007 and the 2011 Pan American Games .
Wu Yet - An ( Chinese : 吳 乙安 ) is a Taiwanese basketball player .
Joël Lautier ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒo.ɛl loˈtje ) ; born 12 April 1973 ) is a French chess grandmaster and FIDE Senior Trainer ( 2006 ) .
Colonel Ulric Oliver Thynne CMG , DSO , CVO ( 6 July 1871 -- 30 September 1957 ) was a distinguished British soldier and champion polo player .
Gastón Needleman ( born 1990 ) is a former chess player from Mendoza , Argentina .
Pablo Canavosio ( born 26 December 1981 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Italian Argentine rugby union footballer .
The Irish Rugby Football Union ( IRFU ) ( Irish : Cumann Rugbaí na hÉireann ) is the body managing rugby union in the island of Ireland ( both Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland ) .
Lamin Deen ( born 17 June 1981 ) is a British bobsleigh pilot and Grenadier Guardsman .
Patrick Bowes - Lyon ( 5 March 1863 -- 5 October 1946 ) was a British tennis player , barrister and uncle of Elizabeth Bowes - Lyon , mother of Queen Elizabeth II . Having been Scottish tennis champion in 1885 , 1886 and 1888 , he won the doubles at Wimbledon alongside Herbert Wilberforce .
Maia Chiburdanidze ( Georgian : მაია ჩიბურდანიძე ; born 17 January 1961 in Kutaisi , USSR ) is a Georgian chess grandmaster , and the seventh Women 's World Chess Champion , the youngest one until 2010 , when this record was broken by Hou Yifan .
Chigorin Chess is a chess variant invented by Ralph Betza in 2002 .
The Europe Top-12 is an European table tennis tournament organized by the European Table Tennis Union ( ETTU ) on a yearly basis between the twelve strongest players in Europe .
The Brazos Valley Bombers are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Bryan , Texas , in the United States .
The NWA Austra - Asian Heavyweight Championship was the top singles professional wrestling title in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from 1972 until the promotion 's 1978 closure .
The Benko Gambit ( or Volga Gambit ) is a chess opening characterised by the move 3 ... b5 in the Benoni Defense arising after : 1 .
The Sonoma Stompers are an independent professional baseball team based out of Sonoma , California .
Celedon Camaso better known as Don Camaso ( born March 16 , 1973 in Caloocan City , Metro Manila , Philippines ) is a professional basketball player currently played for the Judiciary Magis in the UNTV Cup .
The Humboldt Broncos are an ice hockey team from Humboldt , Saskatchewan , Canada .
HC Keski - Uusimaa known as HCK is a Finnish ice hockey team based in Kerava , Finland .
The Austria Fed Cup team represents Austria in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Osterreichischer Tennisverband .
Ronald Spuller ( born June 22 , 1981 ) is an Austrian professional association football player .
Tai McIsaac ( born 19 March 1975 in Brisbane ) is an Australian rugby union football coach , and a former professional player .
The British Quidditch Cup is a Muggle Quidditch tournament that follows the rules laid out by the International Quidditch Association .
The 2007 Hong Kong Super Series is the last tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton before the Super Series Final .
The 1987 Torneo Godó was a men 's professional tennis tournament that took place on outdoor clay courts in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain from 21 September to 27 September 1987 .
Shamini Kumaresan ( Tamil : ஷாமினி குமரேசன் ; born 1988 ) is a professional table tennis player from Tamil Nadu , India .
Anita Kulcsár ( October 2 , 1976 , Szerencs -- January 19 , 2005 , between Pusztaszabolcs and Velence ) was a Hungarian handball player .
Barry Almeida ( born November 20 , 1988 ) is an American professional ice hockey center who currently plays for the Utah Grizzlies in the ECHL .
The 2009 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA and Real Madrid from the Euroleague , as a part of the NBA Global Games .
Vidal López Ascanio ( April 19 , 1918 -- February 20 , 1971 ) was a Venezuelan professional baseball player and manager .
NiceFutis is a women 's association football club from Pori , Finland .
Ilkka Pikkarainen ( born April 19 , 1981 in Sonkajärvi , Finland ) is a Finnish ice hockey right winger who plays for Pelicans in the Sm - liiga .
Yukari Miyata ( 宮田由佳里 Miyata Yukari , born June 27 , 1989 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows .
Paa Grant Soccer Academy is a Ghanaian association football club and academy based in Sekondi - Takoradi , Ghana .
The North American Figure Skating Championships were a former elite figure skating competition for skaters from the United States and Canada .
Philip L. B. Iglehart ( 1913 -- February 9 , 1993 ) was a Chilean polo player .
Juan Pablo Orlandi ( born 20 June 1983 ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays at prop for Section Paloise , Pau , France .
Gale McArthur was an All - American basketball player at Oklahoma A&M University ( now Oklahoma State ) .
The Hong Kong Ice Hockey League is the national ice hockey league in Hong Kong .
The Monaco national football team is a national side that represents Monaco in association football .
Zenith Komarniski ( born August 13 , 1978 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who spent most of his professional career in the minors .
The The REV Classic is an annual professional one - day road bicycle racing for men .
GOG Svendborg TGI is a handball club based in the small town of Gudme on Funen , Denmark .
The 2010 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet in Ortisei , Italy between 8 and 14 November 2010 .
Jérémy Stravius ( born 14 July 1988 ) is a French swimmer , swimming freestyle , backstroke , and butterfly .
Yochanan Afek ( born 16 April 1952 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli chess player , composer , trainer and arbiter .
Cassie Jackman ( born 22 December 1972 and competing in some years as Cassie Campion ) is a former English squash player who won the World Open in 1999 .
The African Development Trophy is a rugby union tournament consisting of 16 teams played in the continent of Africa , formerly named the CAR Castel Beer Trophy .
The Women 's EHF Champions League is an official competition for women 's handball clubs of Europe , organised annually by the European Handball Federation ( EHF ) .
The 1999 Majorca Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Majorca , Spain .
The Pacific Cup is a rugby league football competition for national teams from the Pacific region .
The Doeberl Cup is an annual chess tournament held in Canberra , Australia .
Daegu KAPEC FC ( Korean : 대구 한국파워트레인 축구단 ) is a South Korean association football club based in the city of Daegu .
Matt Stutzman ( born December 10 , 1982 ) is an American athlete who competes in archery .
Club 15 - 15 was a women 's professional volleyball team based in Palma , Majorca , Spain .
West Melbourne Football Club was an Australian rules football club which played in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) .
Joni Taylor ( née Crenshaw ; born March 7 , 1979 ) is the head women 's college basketball coach for the Georgia Lady Bulldogs .
Dorados de Chihuahua ( English : Chihuahua Goldens ) were a baseball team from the city of Chihuahua .
The 2011 Memorial Cup was a four - team round - robin format ice hockey tournament played from May 20 - -29 , 2011 in Mississauga , Ontario .
HK Lokomotiv Moscow was an ice hockey team in Moscow , Russia ( then Soviet Union ) .
The North Tamworth Bears are a rugby league team located in the suburb of North Tamworth , in Tamworth , New South Wales , Australia .
Maxim Ignatovich ( Russian : Максим Андреевич Игнатович ; born 7 April 1991 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player .
Nikolay Noritsyn is a Canadian chess player and coach .
Adeiny Hechavarria Barrera ( born April 15 , 1989 ) is a Cuban professional baseball shortstop for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
The Vermont Lake Monsters are a minor league baseball team in the Short - Season A class New York--
The Canadian National Basketball League ( CNBL ) was a professional basketball league based in southern Ontario aiming to attract Canadian players who played overseas to join their league .
Pavel Patera ( born September 6 , 1971 in Kladno , Czechoslovakia , now the Czech Republic ) , is a former Czech professional ice hockey player .
Steffon Bradford ( born December 7 , 1977 ) is an American professional basketball player , from Clewiston , Florida .
Monica Sandve ( born December 3 , 1973 in Vigrestad , Rogaland ) is a Norwegian team handball player and Olympic medalist .
Aliaksandr Bury ( born 14 September 1987 ) is a Belarusian professional tennis player and competes mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour and ITF Futures , both in singles and doubles .
The Ypsilon Golf Challenge was a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour that was played in 2008 at Ypsilon Golf Resort in Liberec , Czech Republic .
Augustos Zerlendis sometimes spelled Avgoustos Zerlentis ( Modern Greek : Αύγουστος Ζερλέντης Greek pronunciation : ( ˈav.ɣu.stɔs zeɾˈlenˈtis ) ) ; 5 November 1886 -- 1954 ) was a Greek tennis player who competed at the 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp .
The 1968 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place in the outdoor Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne , Australia from 19 to 29 January .
Sandra Dijon ( born 10 January 1976 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) is a French basketball player who played 133 matches for the French women 's national basketball team from 2001 - -2008 .
Janar Soo ( 17 January 1991 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for Kalev / Cramo of the Korvpalli Meistriliiga .
The FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women refers to the women 's under-18 championship for basketball in the International Basketball Federation 's FIBA Asia zone .
The Clausura 2014 Copa MX Final was the final of the Clausura 2014 Copa MX the fourth edition of the Copa MX under its current format and 71st overall organized by the Mexican Football Federation , the governing body of association football in Mexico .
The 2008 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2007 - 2008 figure skating season .
The Women 's Professional Basketball League ( abbreviated WBL ) was a professional women 's basketball league in the United States .
World Bowl ' 97 ( also referred to as World Bowl V ) was the final game of the 1997 WLAF season in American football .
The Shine Tag Team Championship is the tag team championship contested in the professional wrestling promotion Shine Wrestling .
Raquel Atawo ( née Kops - Jones ; born December 8 , 1982 ) is a professional tennis player from the United States of America .
Adidas Stan Smith is a tennis shoe made by Adidas .
LaDontae Henton ( born January 6 , 1992 ) is an American basketball player , who plays for Baloncesto Sevilla .
Crusaders Rugby League ( Welsh : Croesgadwyr Rygbi'r Gynghrair ) was a professional rugby league club based in Bridgend and later in Wrexham , Wales .
The Edge met his second and current wife , Morleigh Steinberg , through her collaborations with the band .
In Arthurian legend , Gorlois ( Welsh : Gwrlais ) of Tintagel , Duke of Cornwall , is the husband of Igraine prior to Uther Pendragon .
Peter Schildt was earlier married to Christina Herrström .
Elisabeth , Princess of Schleswig - Holstein ( née Princess Elisabeth of Lippe - Weissenfeld ; born 28 July 1957 , Munich , Germany ) is the princess consort to the current Head of the Ducal House of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Glücksburg , Christoph , Prince of Schleswig - Holstein .
Francine Faure ( 6 December 1914 in Oran , Algeria -- 24 December 1979 ) was a French pianist specializing in Bach and a mathematician , She was the second wife of Albert Camus , whom she met in 1937 in Algiers .
Henry Carnegie Phipps ( 1880 - March 22 , 1953 ) was a sportsman and financier , and the owner of Wheatley Stable along with his wife , Gladys Mills Phipps .
Yuan Quan married actor Xia Yu in 2009 , a decade after their first got together as students in Central Academy of Drama .
Barbara Zápolya ( 1495 - -1515 ) was Queen of Poland and Grand Duchess of Lithuania as the first wife of King Sigismund I the Old .
An old militant of the National Front , Marie - France Stirbois marked French political life by achieving ( with her husband Jean - Pierre Stirbois ) the first electoral success of the French National Front in 1983 in Dreux .
Elizabeth Stanhope , Countess of Chesterfield ( 29 June 1640 -- July 1665 ) was the second wife of Philip Stanhope , 2nd Earl of Chesterfield , and the eldest daughter of James Butler , 1st Duke of Ormonde and Lady Elizabeth Preston .
In 1912 , Gene Gauntier married actor Jack J. Clark .
Count Primo Magri ( 1849 - -1920 ) and Count Rosebud were the stage names of a 19th - century Italian dwarf who married Lavinia Warren , the widow of General Tom Thumb on Easter Monday , April 6 , 1885 at the Church of the Holy Trinity in New York .
Anne Dorte of Rosenborg , born Anne Dorte Maltoft - Nielsen , ( October 3 , 1947 -- January 2 , 2014 ) was a Danish countess and widow of the late Count Christian of Rosenborg ( 1942 - 2013 ) , the grandson of King Christian X of Denmark .
Pompeia Plotina Claudia Phoebe Piso or Pompeia Plotina ( d. 121/122 ) was a Roman Empress and wife of Roman Emperor Trajan .
Esperanza Baur Díaz ( born Esperanza Díaz Ceballos ; c. 1924 -- March 11 , 1961 ) was a Mexican actress , and was the second wife of John Wayne .
Pilar Pallete ( born September 3 , 1928 ) is a former Peruvian actress and third wife of the American film star John Wayne .
As a young adult , Tarzan meets a young American woman , Jane Porter .
Aikaterini Trikoupi ( Greek : Αικατερίνη Τρικούπη , Constantinople , 1800 -- Aegina , 15 July 1871 ) was the wife of the Prime Minister of Greece and historian Spyridon Trikoupis .
Margrete Skulesdatter ( Old Norse : Margrét Skúladóttir ) ( 1208 - -1270 ) was a Norwegian Queen consort , spouse of King Haakon IV of Norway and Queen consort of Norway from 1225 to 1263 .
Shanthi Krishna was married to Malayali actor Sreenath in 1984 and later divorced him in 1995 .
Semisalsa galilaea is a species of small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae .
Superciliaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish which existed in what is now the Northwest Territories of Canada during the Lochkovian age .
Streptomyces cinnamoneus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Japan .
Gnaphalium is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , commonly called cudweeds .
Tropidophis wrighti , or the gracile banded dwarf boa , is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family endemic to Cuba .
Streptomyces glycovorans is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from marine sediments of the South China Sea near the Xisha Islands in China .
Calliphora latifrons is a species of blue bottle fly .
Rory Cooper 's false antechinus ( Pseudantechinus roryi ) , also known as the tan false antechinus and the tan pseudantechinus , is a recently named species of small carnivorous marsupial which inhabits rocky outcrops in Western Australia .
Allium dumetorum is a Middle Eastern species of onion found in Israel , Palestine , Lebanon and Jordan .
Rubus multifer is a North American species of brambles in the rose family .
Hyloniscus riparius is a species of woodlouse found in Central and Eastern Europe and subsequently introduced to North America .
Cleisostoma recurvum is a species of orchid found in Cambodia , Laos , Thailand , Vietnam and China .
Traunsteinera , the Round Headed Orchid , or globe orchid , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Hoplomyzon papillatus is a species of banjo catfish found in Ecuador and Venezuela where it occurs in the Napo and Portuguesa River basins respectively .
Pomacea falconensis is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae .
Fucus distichus or rockweed is a species of brown alga in the family Fucaceae to be found in the intertidal zones of rocky seashores in the Northern Hemisphere , mostly in rock pools .
Neocrepidodera albanica is a species of flea beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found only in Albania and the Republic of Macedonia .
Stephanomeria lactucina is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names lettuce wirelettuce and woodland wirelettuce .
Rapana is a genus of large predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the rock snails .
Megacephala asperata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by C. O. Waterhouse in 1877 .
Sivaladapinae is a subfamily of adapiform primate that lived in Asia during the middle to late Miocene .
Brassolis sophorae is a species of large butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Iliamna corei is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Peters Mountain mallow .
Spigelia genuflexa is a species of annual herb of the family Loganiaceae from Bahia state , Brazil , which was described in 2011 .
Dicerca moesta is a species of beetle from Argante subgenus which can be found everywhere in Europe ( except for various European islands ) .
Withania riebeckii is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family .
Philodromus blanckei is a spider species found in Corsica , Sardinia and Italy .
The Myanmar snub - nosed monkey or Burmese snub - nosed monkey ( Rhinopithecus strykeri ) is a critically threatened species of colobine monkey discovered in 2010 in northern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Agamidae is a family of over 300 species of iguanian lizards indigenous to Africa , Asia , Australia , and a few in Southern Europe .
Anopheles balabacensis is a species of mosquito in the Culicidae family .
The Parechinidae are a family of sea urchins in the class Echinoidea .
Quercus similis , or swamp post oak , also known as bottomland post oak , is an oak species native to the southeastern and south - central United States .
Ostrinotes tarena is a species of butterfly , described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1874 , belonging to the family Lycaenidae .
Anagrus epos is a species of fairyfly which has been proposed as a biological control agent against Homalodisca vitripennis .
Vallonia costata is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae .
Angolasaurus is an extinct genus of mosasaur found in the Upper Cretaceous ( Turonian ) of Angola and described by Miguel Telles Antunes in 1964 .
Haworthia bolusii is a species of Haworthia that was originally described by John Gilbert Baker in 1880 .
Paralacinius podoliensis is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae .
Colochirus quadrangularis , commonly known as the thorny sea cucumber , is a species of sea cucumber in the family Cucumariidae .
Catafimbria boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Catafimbria .
Plagiochila is a large , common , and widespread genus of liverworts in order Jungermanniales .
Cochranella punctulata is a species of frog in the family Centrolenidae , endemic to Colombia .
Perideridia is a small genus of plants in the parsley family .
Pritchardia affinis , the Hawai'i pritchardia , is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Cladonia perforata is a rare species of lichen known by the common names Florida perforate cladonia and Florida perforate reindeer lichen .
Spathodus erythrodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika though absent from the southern end of the lake .
The Caulleryellidae are a family of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexa .
Leishmania major is a species of protozoa found in the genus Leishmania , and is associated with the disease zoonotic cutaneous leishmaniasis ( also known as Aleppo boil , Baghdad boil , Bay sore , Biskra button , Chiclero ulcer , Delhi boil , Kandahar sore , Lahore sore , Oriental sore , Pian bois , and Uta ) .
Ameles africana is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Algeria , Morocco , Corsica , Dalmatia , Sardinia , Sicily , and Portugal .
Bartsia alpina is a species of perennial flowering plant .
Megatrema anglicum is a species of acorn barnacle that grows in association with or semi - parasitically on corals and octocorals .
Neptosternus arnecornelii is a species of beetle , named after Arne Cornelius .
Mearns 's squirrel ( Tamiasciurus mearnsi ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Badis ruber is a species of freshwater fish found in Mekong , Salween and Irrawaddy basins in Laos and Thailand .
Houstonia wrightii , pygmy bluet , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
The Asiatic lion ( Panthera leo persica ) , also known as the Indian lion or Persian lion , is a lion subspecies that exists as a single population in India 's Gujarat state .
Puntius amphibius , also called the scarlet - banded barb , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Puntius .
Bull pipefish ( Syngnathus springeri ) is a pipefish species , inhabits the Western Atlantic from Canada to North Carolina ( USA ) , Bahamas and northeastern Gulf of Mexico to Panama .
Drosera ordensis is a species of sundew , native to Australia and part of the `` petiolaris complex '' of sundews making up the subgenus Lasiocephala .
Ancyloceratoidea , formerly Ancylocerataceae , is a superfamily of typically uncoiled and loosely coiled heteroomorph ammonoids established by Hyall , 1900 , that may contain as many as 11 families , depending on the classification accepted .
Rumex venosus is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names veiny dock , winged dock , and wild - begonia ( it is not related to genus Begonia ) .
Duvalius abyssimus is a species of beetle described in 2014 by biologists Ana Sofia Reboleira and Vicente Ortuño .
Cerobasis guestfalica is a species of Psocoptera belonging to the family Trogiidae .
Aphaenogaster avita is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae known from a solitary early to middle Miocene fossil found in Japan .
Panulirus argus , the Caribbean spiny lobster , is a species of spiny lobster that lives on reefs and in mangrove swamps in the western Atlantic Ocean .
Asteiidae is a small but widespread family of acalyptrate flies or Diptera .
Phacelia mutabilis is a species of phacelia known by the common name changeable phacelia .
The Hartmannellidae are a family of amoebozoa , usually found in soils .
Rhododendron micranthum ( 照山白 ) is a rhododendron species native to China and Korea , where it grows at altitudes of 1000 - -3000 meters .
Cavendishia is a genus of about 100 species of woody perennial plants , many of which are epiphytic .
Anguimorphs of the infraorder Anguimorpha include the anguids ( alligator lizards , glass lizards , galliwasps and legless lizards ) .
Gomphoscopa catoryctopsis is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Gomphoscopa .
Amphiprion pacificus , is a species of anemonefish that is found in the western Pacific Ocean .
The Roman Dactylorhiza ( Dactylorhiza romana ) is a species of orchid .
Chelydropsis murchisoni is an extinct species of snapping turtle of the extinct genus Chelydropsis that lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene in Asia and Europe .
Nanuqsaurus ( meaning `` polar bear lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of carnivorous tyrannosaurid theropod known from the Late Cretaceous ( early Late Maastrichtian stage ) Prince Creek Formation of the North Slope of Alaska , USA .
Clarkia lewisii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Lewis ' clarkia .
Kalimeris pinnatifida , also known as the Double Japanese Aster is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
The family Flavobacteriaceae is composed of environmental bacteria .
Croomia japonica is a plant species native to China and Japan .
Paspalum plicatulum is a species of grass known by the common name brownseed paspalum .
Proterotheriidae is an extinct family of fossil ungulates from the Cenozoic era that displays toe reduction .
Stenopsocus immaculatus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland .
Hygrophoropsis aurantiaca , commonly known as the false chanterelle , is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae .
Trachipterus arcticus is a species of ribbonfish found predominantly in the North Atlantic Ocean , with one report from the Mediterranean Sea .
Rhynchophreatia is a genus of 10 species of orchids found in Australia , New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , Indonesia , Micronesia , and New Caledonia .
Aereniphaula machadorum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Aereniphaula .
Anomochilus monticola , the mountain pipe snake , or Kinabalu giant blind snake , is a species of snake in the Anomochilidae family .
Lophozonia glauca ( Hualo ) is a species of plant in the Nothofagaceae family .
Coprosma elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Coprosma found in New Guinea .
Eragrostis dielsii , commonly known as mallee lovegrass , is a species of grass endemic to Australia .
Bafutia tenuicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family , and the only species in the genus Bafutia .
Rhyothemis fenestrina , known as the Black - winged flutterer , Golden flutterer , or Skylight flutterer , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Pirskenius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early part of the Miocene epoch .
Nyctibatrachus beddomii ( common names : Beddome 's night frog , pigmy wrinkled frog , Beddome 's dwarf wrinkled frog , and Tirunvelveli 's hill frog ) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family .
Capriocornites is a rutoceratid genus ( Nautiloidea - Cephalopoda ) from the Devonian , related to such genera as Rutoceras and Goldringia .
Praegmelina is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Amphipoda .
Oreostylidium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stylidiaceae with a single species , Oreostylidium subulatum , that is endemic to New Zealand .
Austrochaperina mehelyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family , endemic to Papua New Guinea , known only from two localities , Adelbert Range and mountains of Huon Peninsula .
Grunion are two fish species of the genus Leuresthes : the California grunion , L. tenuis , and the Gulf grunion L. sardinas .
Rhynchodina is a monotypic genus of noctuoid moths in the Erebidae family .
Microraptor ( Greek , μίκρος , mīkros : `` small '' ; Latin , raptor : `` one who seizes '' ) was a genus of small , four - winged paravian ( possibly dromaeosaurid ) dinosaurs .
Physa marmorata is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae .
Crataegus iracunda , with common name passionate hawthorn , and sometimes called the stolon - bearing hawthorn is a North American species of hawthorn .
Nanocheirodon insignis is a species of characin endemic to Colombia where it is found in Lake Maracaibo and the Magdalena River basin .
Asarum lemmonii is a species of wild ginger which is endemic to California .
Croton lawianus is a species of the genus Croton and the family Euphorbiaceae located in the Baba Budan range in Karnataka , India .
Gagata sexualis is a species of sisorid catfish endemic to India .
Luciobarbus escherichii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to freshwater habitats in Turkey .
Dictyotenguna angusta is a species of planthopper native to Guangxi , China .
Lotus rubriflorus is a rare species of legume known by the common name red - flowered bird's - foot trefoil .
Pelocetidae is an extinct family of baleen whales .
× Ascocenda , abbreviated as Ascda in the horticultural trade , is a man - made hybrid orchid genus resulting from a cross between Ascocentrum and Vanda ( Asctm × V ) .
Mycena acicula , commonly known as the orange bonnet , or the coral spring Mycena , is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family .
It is the only member of the monotypic genus Steinbachiella .
Indigofera is a large genus of over 750 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae .
Athyrtis is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies , named by Felder in 1862 .
Polistes annularis ( P. annularis ) is a species of paper wasp which lives in North America .
Penicillium madriti is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces orsellinic acid .
Enneapterygius obscurus is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Abies delavayi , the Delavay 's silver - fir or Delavay 's fir , is a species of fir , native to Yunnan in southwest China and adjoining border areas in southeastern Tibet , far northeastern India , northern Myanmar , and far northwestern Vietnam .
Carabus marietti inexpectatus is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family , that is endemic to Turkey .
The Capulidae , the cap snails or cap shells , are a taxonomic family of limpet - like sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Cypraeovula capensis , common name the Cape cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Penicillium claviforme is a species of Penicillium within the phylum Ascomycota .
Orhantarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Lesser Sundaland :
Rhabdoblennius nigropunctatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific Ocean , around Fiji and Tonga .
Chimonanthus praecox , also known as wintersweet or Japanese allspice , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Chimonanthus of the family Calycanthaceae , native to China .
Crepidodera is a genus of beetle from a leaf beetle family .
Cystoseira elegans is a brown alga species in the genus Cystoseira endemic to the Mediterranean .
Plectaster decanus , the mosaic sea star , is a species of sea star found off the south coast of Australia .
Ranunculus flammula , the lesser spearwort , greater creeping spearwort or banewort , is a species of perennial herbaceous plants in the genus Ranunculus ( buttercup ) , growing in damp places throughout the Boreal Kingdom .
Laternea triscapa is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family .
Yakuhananomia bidentata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , which is in the genus Yakuhananomia .
Delphinium nuttallianum is a species of larkspur known by the common names twolobe larkspur and Nuttall 's larkspur .
Scartichthys crapulatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southeast Pacific ocean , and is endemic to Chile .
Plesiadapidae is a family of plesiadapiform mammals related to primates known from the Paleocene and Eocene of North America , Europe , and Asia .
Lachesilla tanaidana is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Germany , Hungary , Portugal , Sardinia , Switzerland , and Ukraine .
Pelecyphora is a genus of cacti , comprising 2 species .
Faurea macnaughtonii ( Terblanz beech ) is a species of tree in the Proteaceae family .
Penstemon scapoides is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name pinyon beardtongue .
Impatiens platypetala is variable species of perennial Impatiens discovered on the island of Java and widespread throughout Indonesia .
Southern pipefish , Syngnathus folletti , is a pipefish species , inhabits the Southwest Atlantic near Uruguay .
Anisopodus xylinus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1881 .
Citharichthys amblybregmatus is a species of flatfish in the large - tooth flounder family Paralichthyidae .
Burykhia hunti is a Precambrian fossil genus from the White Sea region of Russia dating to 555 million years ago .
Brunellia acostae is a species of plant in the Brunelliaceae family .
Protobrama is an extinct genus of teleost fish from the Cretaceous period of Lebanon .
Coelotrochus oppressus , common name the shouldered top shell , is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae , the top snails or top shells .
Harpegnathos saltator , sometimes called the Indian jumping ant or Jerdon 's jumping ant , is a species of ant found in India .
It contains only one species , Tortrimosaica polypodivora , which is found in Brazil .
Brasilicereus markgrafii is a species of cactus which is endemic to Brazil .
Gammarus roeseli is a species of freshwater amphipod found across Europe from the Benelux countries to European Turkey .
Dactylopteryx is a genus of praying mantis in the family Liturgusidae .
Leiognathus is a genus of ponyfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Thorncroftia is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , first described as a genus in 1912 .
Necrophila is a genus of carrion beetles , with around 20 species : most found in Asia and India , and one species in North America , Necrophila americana .
Asima is an extinct genus of prehistoric fish and not much is known about it.bony fish .
Nebria chitralensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Pakistan .
Eucommiales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants .
Philophthalmus gralli , commonly known as oriental avian eye fluke , is found in conjunctiva sac of eyes of many species of birds .
Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans is a species of the phylum actinobacteria ( gram - positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content , one of the dominant phyla of all bacteria ) , belonging to the genus mycobacterium .
Columna leai is a species of tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae .
Laminacauda maxima is a species of sheet weaver found in Tristan da Cunha .
Dubautia herbstobatae ( Na'ena'e or Keaau Valley dubautia ) is an endangered species of shrub which is endemic to Oahu , Hawaii .
Pegusa is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean , Mediterranean Sea , and Black Sea .
Philanthus nasalis is a species of bee - hunting wasp ( or `` beewolf '' ) originally described from Contra Costa County , California .
In taxonomy , the Golenkiniaceae are a family of algae , specifically of the Chloroccocales .
Pristilepis oligolepis , the spinyface soldier , is a species of soldierfish found in association with reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Only one species are recorded for genus , Rupelramphastoides knopfi , and it is classified `` family incertae sedis '' , pending discovery of additional specimens .
Eragrostis desertorum is a species of grass known from Queensland , Western Australia , and the Northern Territory .
Bothriospondylus ( `` excavated vertebra '' ) is an dubious genus of sauropod dinosaur .
Salix integra ( Chinese : 杞柳 qi liu ; Japanese : イヌコリヤナギ inukoriyanagi ; syn . S. multinervis Franch . & Savatier ) is a species of willow native to northeastern China , Japan , Korea and Primorsky Krai in the far southeast of Russia .
Agave phillipsiana is a rare species of flowering plant in the asparagus family known by the common names Grand Canyon century plant and Phillips agave .
Heliamphora pulchella ( Latin : pulchellus = pretty ) is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to the Chimanta Massif and surrounding tepuis in Venezuela .
Sagra femorata is a species of beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae .
Populus ilicifolia ( Tana River poplar ) is a species of poplar in the family Salicaceae .
Brachyptera is a genus of taeniopterygid stoneflies of mostly western Paleartic distribution .
Pseudorinelepis genibarbis is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Peru where it is found in the Upper Amazon basin .
Cirsium occidentale , with the common name cobweb thistle or cobwebby thistle , is a North American species of thistle in the sunflower family .
Rubus parviflorus , commonly called thimbleberry , salmonberry , and snow bramble , is a species of Rubus , native to North America .
Datura lanosa is a species of Datura .
Calotomus is a parrotfish genus from the Indo - Pacific , with a single species ranging into the warmer parts of the east Pacific .
Enneapterygius philippinus , known commonly as the Minute triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Ponerosteus is a dubious genus of archosaur which was first identified as `` Iguanodon exogirarum '' by Antonin Fritsch in 1878 for a specimen from the Cenomanian ( Late Cretaceous of the Czech Republic ) .
Discodeles malukuna ( common name : Malukuna webbed frog ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Caupedactylus is an extinct genus of tapejarid azhdarchoid pterosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Romualdo Formation of Araripe Basin , northeastern Brazil .
Megosmidus tuberculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Megosmidus .
Jovellania is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the order Oncocerida known from the Lower Devonian of Europe ( France , Germany ) .
Salsola imbricata is a small species of shrub in the family Amaranthaceae .
Clitoria fragrans is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name pigeon wings , or sweet - scented pigeon wings .
Grindelia hirsutula is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names hairy gumplant and hairy gumweed .
Geitoneura is a genus of nymphalid butterflies , commonly known as xenicas .
Gibberula langostera is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae .
Didymothallus is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
Arytropteris is a genus of shield - backed katydid , containing the following species :
Conus cocceus , common name the cocceus cone or the scarlet - spotted cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Isocoma drummondii , the Drummond 's goldenbush , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Eczemotellus subtilipectus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Eczemotellus .
Lathyrus hirsutus is a species of wild pea known by several common names , including Caley pea , hairy vetchling , and Austrian winterpea .
Oophila amblystomatis , commonly known as chlamydomonad algae or salamander algae , is a species of single - celled green algae .
Silene lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Lemmon 's catchfly .
The Mudur caecilian , Gegeneophis madhavai , is a species of caecilian found in India .
Desmanthus bicornutus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family native to northern and central Mexico and the southwestern United States .
Alcithoe grahami is a species of medium - sized deepwater sea snail , a gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Thyridopteryx is a genus of bagworm moth .
Cellana strigilis strigilis is a species of large limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Cyclostremellini is a minor tribe , a taxonomic grouping , of minute sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks , in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Citioica anthonilis is a species of moth from a Saturniidae family , which can be found from Central America to Brazil .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Barria piceae .
Cetostoma regani , the Pink flabby whalefish , is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths down to 2,250 metres ( 7,380 ft ) .
Chorizanthe cuspidata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name San Francisco spineflower .
Psathyrostachys is a genus of Eurasian plants in the grass family .
Baeriopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Baeriopsis guadalupensis .
Methylibium petroleiphilum is a species of methyl tert - butyl ether - degrading methylotroph , the type species of its genus .
Fahrenholzia pinnata is a species of louse .
Cypraeidae , common name the cowries ( singular : cowry ) , is a taxonomic family of small to large sea snails .
Bromus commutatus , known as Meadow Brome , is an annual or biennial species of plant in the grass family Poaceae .
It contains the single species Geriojennsa cunegunda , which is found in Argentina .
Phrynops hilarii , commonly known as Hilaire 's toadhead turtle or Hilaire 's side - necked turtle , is a species of turtle endemic to South America .
Volvarina angustata , common name : the narrow marginella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Spinacia is a flowering plant genus in subfamily Chenopodioideae of family Amaranthaceae .
Acrossocheilus aluoiensis is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus found mostly in Vietnam .
Pyramidelloidea is a superfamily of mostly very small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks and micromollusks within the clade Panpulmonata .
Nostolepis is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish which lived in the Late Silurian ( Pridoli ) to Middle Devonian ( Lochkovian ) .
Artemisia campestris is a common and widespread species of plants in the sunflower family .
Phelsuma quadriocellata is a species of gecko known by the common name peacock day gecko .
The Ecuador slender - legged tree frog , Osteocephalus verruciger , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador .
Festuca eskia is a species of grass which is endemic to southwestern Europe .
Anthocercis viscosa , also known as Sticky Tailflower , is a species of shrub in the Solanaceae family , native to the south coast of Western Australia .
Prunus sibirica , called Siberian apricot ( Chinese : 山杏 ; pinyin : shān xìng ) , is a species of shrub or small tree native to eastern China , Japan , Korea , Mongolia , and eastern Siberia .
Conus ochroleucus , common name the prefect cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Platyhedylidae is a family of sacoglossan sea slugs , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Platyhedylidae .
Antipodromia is a monotypic genus of fly from New Zealand that was first described by Plant in 2011 .
Antennaria umbrinella is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names umber pussytoes and brown pussytoes .
Heterodontosauridae is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs that were likely among the most basal ( primitive ) members of the group .
Gaioxenus pilipalpis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Gaioxenus .
Otiorhynchus cribricollis is one of the many species in the weevil family ( Curculionidae ) .
Lupinus elmeri is an uncommon species of lupine known by the common names Elmer 's lupine and South Fork Mountain lupine .
Iris pseudacorus ( yellow flag , yellow iris , water flag , lever ) is a species in the genus Iris , of the family Iridaceae .
Didymium wildpretii is a species of slime mold which feeds on the decaying remains of various species of cacti .
Scaevola floribunda is a species of plant in the Goodeniaceae family .
Sisteronia is an extinct genus of platypterygiine ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur known from the ' middle ' Cretaceous of southeastern England and southeastern France .
Lewisia maguirei is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Maguire 's lewisia , or Maguire 's bitterroot .
Conasprella otohimeae , common name Otohime 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Deinacrida carinata is a species of insect in family Anostostomatidae .
Saffron Ringless Amanita ( Amanita crocea ) is a species of Amanita widely distributed in Europe .
Pseudoceros ferrugineus , the Fuchsia flatworm , is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family .
Cambaroides similis is a species of crayfish endemic to the Korean Peninsula and neighbouring parts of China .
Paracanthocobitis maekhlongensis also known as the Maekhlong zipper loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Ostreococcus tauri is a unicellular species of marine green alga about 0.8 micrometres ( μm ) in diameter , the smallest free - living ( non - symbiotic ) eukaryote yet described .
The sea anemone Edwardsia claparedii is a species of marine invertebrate in the Family Edwardsiidae .
Sabacon cavicolens is a species of harvestman .
Phialella zappai is a species of cnidarian named for musician Frank Zappa .
Thapsia snelli is a species of air - breathing land snail or semi - slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae .
Harttia fowleri is a species of armored catfish that inhabits the Oyapock River basin of Brazil and French Guiana .
Agave murpheyi is a species of agave .
Galium sparsiflorum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Sequoia bedstraw .
Deinodon ( Greek for `` terrible tooth '' ) is a tyrannosaurid dinosaur genus containing a single species , Deinodon horridus .
Acanthicus adonis , the adonis pleco , is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil .
Forstera bellidifolia , the Tasmanian Forstera , is a species in the family Stylidiaceae that is endemic to Tasmania , Australia .
Fusinus colus , common name the Distaff spindle or Long - tailed Spindle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , the tulip snails and their allies .
Catenalis is a genus of extinct plants of the Early Devonian ( Pragian , around 410 million years ago ) .
Acanthothericles is a genus of thericleid orthopteran .
Tullimonstrum gregarium takes its genus name from its discoverer , Francis Tully .
Baphetidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods .
The African citril ( Crithagra citrinelloides ) , also known as the Abyssinian citril , is a species of finch .
Iridomyrmex , or the rainbow ant ( referring to its blue - green iridescent sheen ) is a genus of ant first described by Austrian entomologist Gustav Mayr in 1862 .
Onopordum L. , cottonthistle , is a genus of plants in the thistle tribe within the Asteraceae .
Paracrossotus multifasciculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paracrossotus .
Simian immunodeficiency viruses ( SIVs ) are retroviruses able to infect at least 45 species of African non - human primates .
Musculus niger , or the little black mussel , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae .
Opisthorchis viverrini ( together with Clonorchis sinensis and Opisthorchis felineus ) is one of the three most medically important species in the family Opisthorchiidae .
The bloater ( Coregonus hoyi ) is a species or form of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae .
Kellibrooksia is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Hoplostraca from the Middle Pennsylvanian .
Galium magellense , Maiella bedstraw , is a plant species of the Rubiaceae .
Microlipophrys velifer is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Atlantic ocean off west Africa from Senegal and Cape Verde to the Cunene River , Angola .
Micropterix aureofasciella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986 .
Rhagodidae is a family of solifuges or sun spiders .
Dacrydium ericioides is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family and is found only in Malaysia .
Xenodon rabdocephalus , commonly known as the false fer - de - lance , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake endemic to Central America and northern South America .
Vanda is a genus in the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) which , although not massive ( about eighty species ) , is one of the genera more commonly found in the market place .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Weinmannioscyphus messerschmidii .
Bostockia porosa is a species of fish in the family Percichthyidae , the temperate perches .
Tradescantia pinetorum , the pinewoods spiderwort , is a species of Tradescantia and part of the Commelinaceae family .
The Philippines spurdog ( Squalus montalbani ) , also known as the Indonesian greeneye spurdog is a relatively large species of dogfish shark native to waters off the coast of Australia , the Philippines , and Indonesia .
Coenosia elegans is a species of fly in the genus Coenosia .
The Humboldt cutthroat trout ( Oncorhynchus clarkii humboldtensis ) is a subspecies of cutthroat trout , a North American fish in the Salmonidae family .
Dodecatheon jeffreyi is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common names Sierra shooting star , Jeffrey 's shooting star , and tall mountain shooting star .
Tarentola is a genus of geckos , commonly known as wall geckos .
Mystus leucophasis is an Asian species of upside - down catfish belonging to the family Bagridae .
Sporolactobacillus is a genus of anaerobic , endospore - forming , Gram - positive , motile rod - shaped , lactic acid bacteria .
Cunningtonia longiventralis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it is found near rocky shores .
Lysipomia acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae .
Eufriesea flaviventris is a species of bee in the family Apidae , tribe Euglossini ( orchid bees ) .
Notothenia is a genus of cod icefishes native to the Southern Ocean and other waters around Antarctica .
Phoroctenia is a genus of true crane flies found in northern Europe , eastern Russia , and western North America .
Calamagrostis ( small reed or reed grass ) is a genus in the grass family Poaceae , with about 260 species that occur mainly in temperate regions of the globe .
Kryptopterus bicirrhis , often called the glass catfish , is an Asian glass catfish species of the genus Kryptopterus .
Allium ovalifolium is a Chinese species of onion widely cultivated as an ornamental in other regions .
Solidago altiplanities , the high plains goldenrod , is a plant species native to the high - altitude plains of Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle , often found on ridges and escarpments .
Nepenthes attenboroughii ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌætɨnˈbɜri.aɪ/ or /ˌætɨnbəˈroʊɡi.aɪ/ ) , or Attenborough 's pitcher plant , is a montane species of carnivorous pitcher plant of the genus Nepenthes .
It was originally described by Friedrich Markgraf in 1941 as `` Prismatocarpus schinzianus '' , but was moved to its own genus , Namacodon by Mats Thulin in 1974 .
Acradenia is a genus of trees comprising two species from Australia :
Phlox glaberrima ( commonly called smooth phlox ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family .
Tubaria rufofulva is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tubariaceae .
Pusula pediculus , common name the `` coffee bean trivia '' , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae , the false cowries or trivias .
Centaurea ragusina is a species of Centaurea found in Croatia .
Afrozomus machadoi is a species of arachnid , belonging to the family Hubbardiidae in the order Schizomida ( `` shorttailed whipscorpions '' ) .
Erysimum insulare is a species of wallflower known by the common name island wallflower .
Junodia amoena is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia , Kenya , Mozambique , and Tanzania .
Cephalocassis is a genus of sea catfishes found along the coasts and in rivers and lakes of southern Asia from India to Malaysia .
Ptyas fusca , commonly known as the White - bellied Rat Snake or Brown Rat Snake , is a species of colubrid snake .
Stenocereus ( Gk . stenos , narrow , L. cereus , candle ) is a genus of columnar or tree - like cacti from the Baja California Peninsula and other parts of Mexico , Arizona in the United States , Colombia , Costa Rica , Guatemala , Venezuela and the ABC islands of the Dutch Caribbean .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Virgella robusta .
Amauropsis bransfieldensis is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae , commonly known as moon snails .
Encephalartos cupidus is a species of cycad that is found in the Limpopo Province , South Africa at elevations of 700 up to 1,500 .
Delphinium uliginosum is a species of larkspur known by the common names swamp larkspur and bog larkspur .
Poecilosomella brevisecunda is a species of fly belonging to the family Sphaeroceridae .
Oxyopes takobius is a species of venomous spiders belonging to a family of lynx spiders .
The Tiger - striped Cymbidium ( Cymbidium tigrinum ) is a species of orchid .
Hyrcanogobius bergi , the Volga dwarf goby , is a species of goby endemic to the Caspian Sea where it occurs in fresh , brackish and marine waters along the coast .
Psilocybe jacobsii is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family , recorded from the Mazatec region of Oaxaca state , Mexico .
Bantiella pallida is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantiella in the order Mantodea .
Marah horridus , common name Sierra manroot , is a species of flowering plant in the family Cucurbitaceae , endemic to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada and the Tehachapi Mountains in California .
The species was known as Gillmeria tetradactyla until recently , but is now known as Gillmeria ochrodactyla .
Actinomyces israelii is a species of Gram - positive , rod - shaped bacteria within the Actinomyces .
Caristanius tripartitus is a species of snout moth in the genus Caristanius .
Diplograptus was a Cambrian genus of graptolite , .
At present , the only species recognized is Sanblasia dressleri L.Andersson , endemic to Panamá .
The Amatola toad ( Vandijkophrynus amatolicus ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Ranunculus muricatus is a species of buttercup known by the common names rough - fruited buttercup and spinyfruit buttercup .
Exidiopsis effusa is a species of fungus in the family Auriculariaceae , and the type species of the genus Exidiopsis .
Musumecia is a clitocyboid agaric fungal genus with a soft , pseudosclerotium - like base .
Bacidina contecta is a species of fungi within the Ramalinaceae family , first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia .
Actaea racemosa ( black cohosh , black bugbane , black snakeroot , fairy candle ; syn . Cimicifuga racemosa ) is a species of flowering plant of the family Ranunculaceae .
Calliostoma sayanum , common name Say 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Endomychus coccineus , common name Scarlet Endomychus or False Ladybird , is a species of beetles in the family Endomychidae .
Neonesomia is a genus of North American flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Antennophorus is a genus of mites in the family Antennophoridae .
Oenothera longissima is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name longstem evening primrose .
Epitonium scalare , common name the precious wentletrap , is a predatory or ectoparasitic species of marine gastropod with an operculum , in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Indarbela is a genus of moths in the Metarbelidae family .
Hinasuri is an extinct genus of rhea from the Pliocene .
Miomoptera is an extinct order of insects .
Chromolaena oteroi ( Mona Island thoroughwort ) , is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
The flowering plant genus Trochetiopsis consists of two extant and one extinct species endemic to the island of Saint Helena ( South Atlantic Ocean ) .
It consists of only one species , Anticoreura salmoni , which is found in Colombia .
Ochrobactrum tritici is a species of bacteria first isolated from wheat rhizoplane .
Cordulegaster princeps is a species of dragonfly in the family Cordulegastridae .
Eriogonum apiculatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name San Jacinto buckwheat .
Ploiariolini is a tribe of thread - legged bugs , comprising 16 genera and 142 described species .
Polyonax ( meaning `` master over many '' ) was a genus of ceratopsid dinosaur from the late Maastrichtian - age Upper Cretaceous Denver Formation of Colorado , USA .
Acer heldreichii , common names Heldreich 's maple , Greek maple , and Balkan maple is a European species of maple .
Novosphingobium is a genus of Gram - negative bacteria that includes N. taihuense , which can degrade aromatic compounds such as phenol , aniline , nitrobenzene and phenanthrene .
Vanda denisoniana is a species of orchid found from China ( Yunnan ) to northern Indochina .
Lactarius fumosus , commonly known as the smoky milkcap , is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family .
Mepraia is a genus in the subfamily Triatominae , endemic of Chile , and vector of Chagas disease .
Downingia pusilla is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name dwarf calicoflower .
Palaeocuma hessi is an extinct species of cumacean , the only species in the genus Palaeocuma , and one of very few fossil cumaceans ever discovered .
Paratriaenops furculus , also known as Trouessart 's trident bat , is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Hudsonia ericoides is a species of flowering plant in the rock - rose family known by the common names pine barren goldenheather , false heather , and golden - heather .
Achaeopsis spinulosa , the hotlips spider crab , is a species of crab in the family Inachidae , found only around the South African coast .
Pseudosphromenus cupanus , also known as the spiketail parasidefish is a species of medium - small gouramies native to southern India and Sri Lanka .
The Buffoon lemniscomys or Buffoon striped grass mouse ( Lemniscomys macculus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Proscelotes arnoldi , commonly known as Arnold 's skink or Arnold 's montane skink , is a species of lizard endemic to Africa .
Desulfuromusa ferrireducens is a species of psychrophilic , Fe(III)-reducing bacteria .
Sticharium clarkae , the Dusky crawler , is a species of clinid native to the coast of southern Australia where it prefers living around coastal outcrops in which it can find partially sheltered sandy bays .
Raorchestes manohari is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in Bonacaud in the Western Ghats of Kerala in India .
Neomyia cornicina is a common species of fly which is distributed across many parts the Palaearctic .
Only a single species , Philotrox condoni , is recognized .
Anomaloglossus rufulus ( common names : Sira poison frog , Chimantá poison frog , tepui poison frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Tribosphenida is a group ( infralegion ) of mammals that includes the ancestor of Hypomylos , Necrolestidae , Aegialodontia and Theria ( the last common ancestor of marsupials and placentals plus all of its descendants ) .
Struszia mccartneyi is a species of trilobite named after British musician Paul McCartney .
Bellacartwrightia is a relatively uncommon genus of Phacopid trilobite , found in the mid - Devonian Hamilton Group of New York state , mainly in strata exposed near Lake Erie just west of Buffalo .
Luzula nivalis , commonly known as arctic wood - rush or less commonly as snowy wood - rush ( both names are used with or without hyphenation ) , is a species of perennial rushes endemic to Canada , Greenland , Alaska , and Northern Europe in Scandinavia .
Ochradenus socotranus is a species of plant in the Resedaceae family .
David 's echymipera ( Echymipera davidi ) , or David 's spiny bandicoot , is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae .
Sepiidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida .
Nanorana minica ( common names : Nepal paa frog , tiny frog , small paa frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Cryptanthus beuckeri is a species in the genus Cryptanthus .
Atelais illaesa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Atelais .
Tephrosia apollinea is a legume species , native to southwest Asia ( the Levant , Arabia , Socotra , Iran , Pakistan , northwestern India ) and northeast Africa ( Egypt , Sudan , Ethiopia , Eritrea , Djibouti , Somalia ) .
Selatosomus aeneus is a species of click beetle found in Europe .
The São Tomé fiscal or Newton 's fiscal ( Lanius newtoni ) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family .
Inocybe tahquamenonensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Inocybaceae .
The Argentine cougar , commonly known as puma ( Puma concolor cabrerae ) is a subspecies of cougar native to western and central Argentina .
Lactarius affinis , commonly known as the kindred milk cap , is a species of milk - cap mushroom in the family Russulaceae .
It contains the single species Sewardiella tuberifera , which is endemic to India .
Sidalcea reptans is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Sierra checkerbloom .
Tropheops microstoma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers sheltered bays with calm waters .
Gastromyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches native to Borneo .
Montipora digitata , also known as finger coral , is a species of stony coral .
Rhizochromulina is an unusual genus of marine heterokont algae , with one species , R. marina .
Saccodon is a genus of scrapetooths found in the Tumbes - Chocó - Magdalena region from Panama to northwestern Peru .
Orchis punctulata , the small - dotted Orchis , is a species of orchid .
Karsten totoyensis is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it has been recorded from the Philippines , Fiji and Indonesia .
Proxiphocentron is a genus of caddisflies .
Falsoropicoides laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsoropicoides .
Abelmoschus ficulneus is a species of flowering plant in the genus Abelmoschus , family Malvaceae .
Hoplitosaurus ( meaning `` Hoplite lizard '' ) was a genus of armored dinosaur related to Polacanthus .
Carabus perrini is a species of beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in South Russia , Ukraine , and Georgia .
The Martinique oriole ( Icterus bonana ) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae .
Kaloula indochinensis is a recently described species of frog in the Microhylidae family that is found in Indochina , in southern Vietnam , eastern Cambodia , and southern to central Laos .
Theodoxus meridionalis is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum .
Crataegus biltmoreana is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. It is one of many hawthorn species named by Chauncey Delos Beadle when he worked at the Biltmore Estate .
Aclistomycter is an extinct genus of oreodont during the early Chadronian subepoch ( 42 - -39.9 mya ) existing for approximately 2.1 million years .
Stromboscerus is a genus of the weevil subfamily Dryophthorinae .
Salix laevigata ( red willow or polished willow ) , is a species of willow native to the southwestern United States and northern Baja California .
Ophiactis is a genus of brittle stars ( Ophiuroidea ) .
Pleuromeris tridentata , or the three - toothed cardita , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae .
Stygoparnus is a monotypic genus of beetles containing the single species Stygoparnus comalensis , which is known by the common name Comal Springs dryopid beetle .
Amphisbaena xera , known commonly as the Puerto Rican dryland worm lizard or the North American worm lizard , is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena .
Charpentiera obovata , known as Pāpala , is a species of flowering shrub or small tree in the pigweed family , Amaranthaceae , that is endemic to Hawaiʻi .
Isisaurus ( named after the Indian Statistical Institute ) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period .
Plexauridae is a family of marine colonial octocorals in the phylum Cnidaria .
Bithyniidae is a family of small freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Cranopsis major , common name the large puncturella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Pseudoxyops is a genus consisting of 5 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae .
Sicyopus is a genus of small gobies .
The family Saturniidae , commonly known as saturniids , by most measures include the largest species of moths .
Confuciusornis is a genus of primitive crow - sized birds from the Early Cretaceous Yixian and Jiufotang Formations of China , dating from 125 to 120 million years ago .
Bathypolypus is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae .
Hexamita is a genus of parasitic diplomonads .
Allium nathaliae is a species of wild onion endemic to the Crimean Peninsula .
Drepanoidea is the superfamily of `` hook tip moths '' .
Only a single species , Palaeochenoides mioceanus , is known to date .
Leptothorax duloticus is a species of especially hostile slave - maker ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Megachile melanophaea is a species of leaf - cutter bee in the family Megachilidae .
Kyllinga nemoralis , white water sedge or whitehead spikesedge , is a plant species in the Cyperaceae family .
Large - tooth flounders or sand flounders are a family , Paralichthyidae , of flounders .
Bhutanthera is a genus of terrestrial orchids native to the Himalaya Mountains of Asia .
Zodarion timidum is a spider species found in Spain and France .
Paradiscopus maculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paradiscopus .
Leptospermum myrsinoides , commonly known as silky tea - tree or heath tea - tree , is a shrub species that is endemic to south - eastern Australia .
Geum rossii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names Ross ' avens and alpine avens .
Chrysiptera taupou , known commonly as the southseas devil , southseas demoiselle , and Fiji damsel , is a species of damselfish .
Prepusa miranda is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Prepusa .
Kinyongia matschiei , common name giant monkey - tailed east Usambara two - horned chameleon , giant east Usambara blade - horned chameleon , and Matschie 's two - horned chamaeleon , is a species of chameleon .
Cataulacus taprobanae is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Cowiedesmus is an extinct millipede genus known from the middle Silurian of Scotland , and is one of the earliest known land animals .
Orthosuchus is an extinct genus of protosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Early Jurassic .
Cecilioides is a genus of very small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ferussaciidae .
Dicynodontoidea is a superfamily of dicynodont therapsids that includes Lystrosauridae and Kannemeyeriiformes .
Arizona elegans arenicola , commonly known as the Texas glossy snake , is a subspecies of glossy snake , a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to North America .
Acidiplasma is a genus in the phylum Euryarchaeota ( Archaea ) .
Celmisia pugioniformis , commonly known as Slender Snow - daisy , is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae .
Conus lynceus , common name the lynceus cone , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Phleogena faginea , widespread in north temperate areas .
Phyllostegia renovans is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red - leaf phyllostegia .
Branchiostegus is a genus of tilefishes found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean through the Indian Ocean to the western Pacific Ocean .
Rhagoletis is a genus of tephritid fruit flies with about hundred species .
Sicyonia is a genus of prawns , placed in its own family , Sicyoniidae .
Eutropis bibronii is a species of skink endemic to India and Sri Lanka .
Solenostemon , commonly known as Coleus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae .
Ctenophorus maculosus , commonly known as the Lake Eyre dragon lizard or salt - lake ground - dragon , is a species of agamid lizard endemic to South Australia .
Pterarene sakashitai is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , in the family Liotiidae .
Magnetospirillum is a Gram - negative , microaerophilic genus of magnetotactic bacterium , first isolated from pond water by the microbiologist R. P. Blakemore in 1975 .
Howella is a genus of fish in the family Howellidae , the oceanic basslets .
Bulbophyllum flabellum - veneris , often listed as B. lepidum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum , with the common name :
Koopman 's rat ( Rattus koopmani ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Phenacobius mirabilis , or the suckermouth minnow , is a North American cyprinid fish , one of the 324 freshwater fish species found in Tennessee .
Chrysomela is a genus of leaf beetles found almost throughout the world , but missing from Australia .
Rhododendron concinnum ( 秀雅杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Guizhou , Henan , Hubei , Shaanxi , Sichuan , and Yunnan in China , where it grows at altitudes of 2300 - -3000 meters .
Parapsettus panamensis , the Panama spadefish , is a species of spadefish native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Peru .
Diplognatha gagates is a species of beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae , Cetoniinae subfamily .
Syncope jimi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family . It is endemic to Brazil and known from Humaitá , Amazonas , its type locality in Amazonas and from the Pará state .
Truncatella caribaeensis is a species of very small somewhat amphibious land snail with a gill and an operculum , a semi - terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae , the truncatella snails or looping snails .
Baryglossa histrio is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Baryglossa of the family Tephritidae .
Dorstenia caimitensis is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Haiti .
Cryptantha intermedia is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by several common names , including common cryptantha , Clearwater cryptantha , and nievitas .
Abronia mellifera is a species of sand verbena known by the common name white sand verbena .
Buddleja × weyeriana is one of the more remarkable buddleja hybrids , the first crossing of an Asiatic species ( B. davidii ) with a South American ( B. globosa ) .
Pseudopezicula tracheiphila is a species of fungus in the family Helotiaceae that is found in Europe .
The genus Plecotus consists of the long - eared bats .
The Odacidae are a small family of fishes in the order Perciformes , commonly known as cales , and weed whitings .
Formotosena is a genus of cicadas from Southeast Asia erected by Kato in 1925 to accommodate the species Formotosena seebohmi which was previously placed in the genus Tosena .
Richtersius coronifer is a species of tardigrade of the family Macrobiotidae .
Chalceus is a genus of characins from South America , from the Orinoco and Amazon Basins , as well as rivers in the Guianas .
Ctenosaura melanosterna , commonly known as the black - chested spiny - tailed iguana , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Aeneator attenuatus is a species of sea snail or whelk , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Loudetiopsis is a genus of African and South American plants in the grass family .
Avian sarcoma leukosis virus ( ASLV ) is an endogenous retrovirus that infects and can lead to cancer in chickens ; experimentally it can infect other species of birds and mammals .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pleophragmia leporum .
Acaena minor is a species of flowering plant whose range is confined to Australia 's subantarctic Macquarie Island and to New Zealand 's Campbell and Auckland Islands in the Southern Ocean .
Anisopodus curvilineatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by White in 1855 .
Gonolobus arizonicus , common name Arizona milkvine , is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family .
Araneus is a genus of common orb - weaving spiders .
Cyperus trachysanthos is a rare species of sedge known by the common names pu`uka`a and sticky flatsedge .
It contains only one species , Trichearias nigella , which is found in Ecuador .
The Chiroteuthidae are a family of deep - sea squid , generally small to medium in size , rather soft and gelatinous , and slow moving .
Cryptocoryne mekongensis is a species belonging to the Aroid genus Cryptocoryne that was described in 2010 .
The lightning whelk , scientific name Sinistrofulgur perversum , is an edible species of very large predatory sea snail or whelk , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Busyconidae , the busycon whelks .
Aphaniotis is a genus of agamid lizards from Southeast Asia .
Rubus tholiformisis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Elrathia is a genus of ptychopariid trilobite species that lived during the Middle Cambrian of Utah , and possibly British Columbia .
Bombus muscorum , commonly known as the large carder bee or moss carder bee , is a species of bumblebee in the family Apidae .
Odontostilbe is a genus of characins from tropical Central and South America , with 17 currently recognized species :
Chrysanthemums ( /krɪˈsænθəməm/ ) , sometimes called mums or chrysanths , are flowering plants of the genus Chrysanthemum in the family Asteraceae .
Oligodon deuvei is a species of colubrid snake .
Hemiculterella is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in eastern Asia .
Thaumastus crenellus is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Megaspiridae .
Ophioblennius steindachneri , the Large - banded blenny or the Panamic fanged blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Pacific ocean .
Sphagnum magellanicum , commonly called Magellanic bogmoss , Magellan 's sphagnum , Magellan 's peatmoss or midway peat moss , is a widespread species of moss found in wet places throughout boreal forests of North America , South America and Eurasia .
Pilularia globulifera , or pillwort , is an unusual species of fern native to western Europe , where it grows at edges of lakes , ponds , ditches and marshes , on wet clay or clay - sand soil , sometimes in water up to 30 cm ( 12 in ) deep .
Vaccinium oxycoccos is a species of flowering plant in the heath family .
Oldfieldthomasiidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Paleocene and Eocene of South America .
Euhelopodidae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs which includes the genus Euhelopus .
Puya raimondii , also known as queen of the Andes ( english ) , titanka ( quechua ) or puya de Raimondi ( spanish ) , is the largest species of bromeliad .
Eucheuma denticulatum is a species of red algae and one of the primary sources of iota carrageenan .
Larimichthys crocea , called the large yellow croaker , the yellow croaker or the croceine croaker , is a species of marine fish in the Sciaenidae family ( croakers ) native to the northwestern Pacific , generally in temperate waters such as the Taiwan Strait .
Acer republicense is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a single fossil samara .
Nebria composita is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai and Tibet provinces of China .
Euphorbia origanoides ( also called Ascension Spurge ) is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family .
Arcobacter cloacae is a species of bacteria first isolated from sewage .
The Lactobacillaceae are a family of lactic acid bacteria .
Allepipona is an african genus of potter wasps .
Microlophus koepckeorum , commonly known as Frost 's iguana , is a species of lava lizard , which is endemic to Peru .
album - most of the range of the species Galium album subsp .
Argyresthia curvella is a species of ermine moth ( family Yponomeutidae ) .
Kadua degeneri ( formerly Hedyotis degeneri ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names Waianae Range starviolet and Degener 's bluet .
The Natuna Island surili ( Presbytis natunae ) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Amentotaxus assamica is a species of conifer in the Taxaceae family .
Brachiaria mutica is a species of grass known by the common names para grass , buffalo grass , Mauritius signal grass , pasto pare , malojilla , gramalote , parana , Carib grass , and Scotch grass .
Shanyangosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur found in Shaanxi , China , and known only from a few fragmentary leg bones .
Amoria exoptanda , common name the desirable volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Leptobarbus melanotaenia is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus from freshwater habitats in Southeast Asia .
Chascolytrum is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to Latin America from Mexico to Chile ( including the Juan Fernández Islands ) .
Anthidium is a genus of bees often called mason or potter bees , who use conifer resin , plant hairs , mud , or a mix of them to build nests .
Galium concinnum , the shining bedstraw , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Hechtia texensis , commonly known as Texas false agave , is a species of bromeliad that is native to the Trans - Pecos of Texas in the United States and northeastern Mexico ( Chihuahua , Coahuila , Zacatecas ) .
Pediococcus acidilactici is a species of Gram - positive cocci that is often found in pairs or tetrads .
Amblyeleotris marquesas is a species of goby only recorded from reefs around Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands , French Polynesia in the central Pacific Ocean at depths of 20 to 25 metres ( 66 to 82 ft ) .
Calotriton , or the European brook newts , is a genus of newts native to the Pyrenees and central Catalonia ( Catalan Pre - coastal Range ) .
Antricola is a genus of tick containing 16 species , including :
Descurainia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name western tansymustard .
The Rennell fantail ( Rhipidura rennelliana ) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family .
Guzmania monostachia is an epiphytic species in the genus Guzmania .
Rubus schmidelioides , commonly called bush lawyer , is a climbing plant species from New Zealand .
Amsonia kearneyana is a rare species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common name Kearney 's bluestar .
Adenostoma is a genus of shrubs containing only two species :
Cacatua is a genus of cockatoos found from the Philippines and Wallacea east to the Solomon Islands and south to Australia .
Filistata is a genus of spiders that occurs mainly in Eurasia up to North Africa and the Canary Islands , with one species found in Mexico .
Enosmaeus cubanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Enosmaeus .
Pseudognaphalium californicum ( syn . Gnaphalium californicum ) is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by several common names , including ladies ' tobacco , California rabbit tobacco , California cudweed , and California everlasting .
The type species , Fukuisaurus tetoriensis , was described in 2003 by Yoshitsugu Kobayashi and Yoichi Azuma .
Callochiton crocinus is a species of chiton or `` sea cradle '' in the family Callochitonidae .
Black - Sea pelagic pipefish , Syngnathus schmidti is a pipefish species that inhabits the Black Sea and Sea of Azov .
Delphinium staphisagria is a species of Delphinium , or larkspur , of the family Ranunculaceae .
Alomiella is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae , described as a genus in 1972 .
Sitalcicus incertus is a species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae .
Hapaloptyx difficilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Chirostylidae .
Acropora pulchra is a species of colonial stagshorn coral in the family Acroporidae .
Cardiaspina is a bug genus in the subfamily Spondyliaspidinae .
Bulbinella is a genus of plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , first described as a genus in 1843 .
Aframomum corrorima is a species in the ginger family , Zingiberaceae .
Acromantis dyaka is a species of praying mantis native to in Borneo .
Stigmellites is a genus of Lepidopteran fossils .
Cobosietta inermis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Cobosietta .
Coloradia is a genus of moths of the family Saturniidae .
Hypsideroides junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hypsideroides .
Hirculops cornifer , the highbrow rockskipper , is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean .
Catoxophylla cyanaugus is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Catoxophylla .
Ochridaspongia is genus of two species of sponges :
Adelophryne ( common name : shield frogs ) is a genus of frogs in the family Eleutherodactylidae .
Streptomyces fumanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from alluvial soil .
Psocetae is an infraorder of Psocoptera .
Blattisocius quadridentatus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae .
Sparisoma is a genus of parrotfishes native to warmer parts of the Atlantic .
Allopetrolisthes is a genus of porcelain crabs , comprising three species :
Agrostis microphylla is a species of grass known by the common name small - leaf bentgrass .
Leptophaula femoralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Leptophaula .
Eucryphia cordifolia ( Ulmo ) is a species of tree in the Cunoniaceae family .
Hieracium flagellare is a European plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Clarkia epilobioides is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name canyon clarkia .
Nodosaurus ( meaning `` knobbed lizard '' ) was a genus of herbivorous ankylosaurian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous , the fossils of which are found in North America .
Scoloparia is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Late Triassic of Canada .
Monitor lizard is the common name of several large lizard species , comprising the genus Varanus .
Psorophora ciliata is a large species of mosquito indigenous to the United States east of the continental divide .
Peltula is a genus of small dark brown to olive or dark gray squamulose lichens that can be saxicolous ( grow on rock ) ) or terricolous ( grow on soil ) .
Aristida californica is a species of grass known by the common names California threeawn and Mojave threeawn .
Mystacocarida is a subclass of crustaceans , that form part of the meiobenthos .
Pseudobahia heermannii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names foothill sunburst and brittlestem .
Cristatosybra jeanvoinei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cristatosybra .
Peltodytes is a genus of beetle native to the Nearctic , Europe , the Near East , and North Africa .
Grania is a genus of marine annelid worms in the class Clitellata .
Hyantis consists of one species , Hyantis hodeva .
Saccoloma squamosum is a species of fern in the Saccolomataceae family .
Conraua derooi is a species of frog in the Conrauidae family found in Ghana and Togo .
Heliamphora ceracea is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the Brazilian side of Pico da Neblina in the Neblina Massif .
Ptychochromis ernestmagnusi is a species of fish cichlid only known from the Mananara du Nord River in northeastern Madagascar , but it is probably more widespread in that region .
Rhagoletis mendax is a species of tephritid fruit fly known by the common name blueberry maggot .
Huebnerius dux is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family ( owlet moths ) .
Searsioides is a genus of tubeshoulders native to the western central Pacific Ocean .
Coracistis erythrocosma is a moth in the Elachistidae family , and the only species in the genus Coracistis .
Auchenipterichthys coracoideus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Amazon River basin .
Icefishes or noodlefishes are a family , the Salangidae , of osmeriform fish , related to the smelts .
Cyathea colensoi , also known as the Creeping Tree Fern , Mountain Tree Fern and Golden Tree Fern , is a species of tree fern native to New Zealand , from the southern part of the North Island south to Stewart Island .
Jatropha gossypiifolia , commonly known as bellyache bush , black physicnut or cotton - leaf physicnut , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae .
Vernonia proctorii is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Proctor 's ironweed .
Polylepis pauta is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Rhododendron calendulaceum , the flame azalea , is a species of Rhododendron native to the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States , ranging from southern New York to northern Georgia .
Myotomys is a genus of African Karoo rats that inhabit the Karoo , a semi - desert region in the southern portion of the African continent .
Erigeron pulcherrimus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Basin fleabane .
Pristipomoides is a genus of snappers native to the Atlantic , Indian and Pacific oceans .
Burmannia capitata is a plant species widespread across the West Indies and much of Latin America .
Bauhinia acuminata is a species of flowering shrub native to tropical southeastern Asia .
Bats of the genus Pteropus , belonging to the megabat suborder , Megachiroptera , are the largest bats in the world .
Gyrinichthys minytremus is a species of snailfish from the northeastern Pacific Ocean where a single specimen was found once at a depth of 640 metres ( 2,100 ft ) near Unalaska island .
Abies sachalinensis ( Sakhalin fir ) is a species of conifer in the family Pinaceae .
Fuscospora solandri , commonly called black beech ( Māori : tawhai pango ) , is a species of southern beech , endemic to New Zealand .
Archaeolemur is an extinct genus of lemurs that includes two species , Archaeolemur edwardsi and A. majori .
Dasymetopa quinquepunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Dasymetopa of the family Tephritidae .
Gnaphosa stussineri is a ground spider species found in Greece .
It was described by N. V. Zelenkov and E. N. Kurochkin in 2010 , and the type species is Lophogallus naranbulakensis .
Pericopsis mooniana , the nandu wood or nedun tree , is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae .
Muhlenbergia montana , with the common name Mountain muhly , is a species of grass .
Oedilepia striginervella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oedilepia .
Uraeginthus is a genus of bird in the Estrildidae family .
Microcotyle is a genus which belongs to the phylum Platyhelminthes and class Monogenea .
Nebria spatulata is a species of brownish - black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of California .
Riponnensia splendens is a small metallic species of hoverfly .
Fresnosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian stage ) of what is now California .
Lepidospartum squamatum is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common names California broomsage and scale broom .
Discula tetrica is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Elosuchus is an extinct genus of neosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Early Cretaceous of what is now North Africa ( Morocco , Algeria and Niger ) .
Heliofungia actiniformis is a solitary species of mushroom coral , a large polyp stony coral in the family Fungiidae .
Freziera spathulifolia is a species of plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family .
Phytocoris ulmi is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae , subfamily Mirinae .
Ceriagrion cerinorubellum , commonly known as the orange - tailed marsh dart or bi - coloured damsel , is a medium - sized species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Hololeion is a genus of East Asian flowering plants in the dandelion family .
Coregonus baicalensis is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae .
Phyllostegia warshaueri is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Laupahoehoe phyllostegia .
Lepidocephalichthys guntea , the Guntea loach , is a species of cobitid loach native to southern and southeastern Asia .
Enypniastes is a genus of deep - sea sea cucumber .
The Sumatran tiger ( Panthera tigris sumatrae ) is a rare tiger subspecies that inhabits the Indonesian island of Sumatra .
The type ( and only known ) species is Loncosaurus argentinus , described by the famous Argentinian paleontologist Florentino Ameghino , but is considered a dubious name .
Nepenthes glandulifera ( /nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌɡlændjuːˈlɪfɛrə/ ; from Latin : glandis = gland , ferre = to bear ) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to the Hose Mountains of central Sarawak .
Eomola is an extinct genus of sunfish from the middle Eocene .
Syntripsa flavichela is a species of freshwater crab found in Sulawesi .
Succinea putris is a species of small air - breathing land snail in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
Liparoceratidae is a family of eoderoceratacean ammonites from the Lower Jurassic that combines genera with a variety of forms including dimorphs that change from one form to another during ontogeny .
Starksia atlantica , the smooth - eye blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western central Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea where it inhabits coral reefs at depths of around 8 metres ( 26 ft ) .
Rosa wichuraiana ( syn . memorial rose , R. lucillae ) is a species of rose .
Herminium is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae , widespread across much of Europe and Asia .
Gray 's grasshopper warbler ( Locustella fasciolata ) , also known as Gray 's warbler , is a species of grass warbler in the family Locustellidae ; it was formerly included in the `` Old World warbler '' assemblage .
Megophrys montana ( Asian horned frog , horned frog , Asian spadefoot toad , Javan horned frog , Malayan leaf frog ) is a species of frog found in Java and possibly Sumatra .
Bulbophyllum abbrevilabium , also known as the Short Lipped Bulbophyllum , is a warm - growing species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum .
The Jalisco mud turtle ( Kinosternon chimalhuaca ) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Mexico .
Philadelphus ( /ˌfɪləˈdɛlfəs/ ) ( mock - orange ) is a genus of about 60 species of shrubs from 1 to 6 m tall , native to North America , Central America , Asia and ( locally ) in southeast Europe .
Arixenia esau is a species of earwig , one of three species in the genus Arixenia .
Renanthera monachica is a species of orchid endemic to the Philippines .
Dendrorhynchoides was a genus of anurognathid pterosaur containing two species known from the Middle Jurassic Tiaojishan Formation of Qinglong , northern Hebei Province , China .
Tetrapturus is a genus of marlins found in tropical and subtropical oceans throughout the world .
Anemarrhena asphodeloides is a plant species in family Asparagaceae , subfamily Agavoideae , native to China , Korea , and Mongolia .
Oxyptilus scutifer is a species of moth in the genus Oxyptilus , known from Costa Rica and Ecuador .
Alcides agathyrsus is a species of day - flying moth of the Uraniidae family .
Mascelia ectophoea is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Mascelia .
Anadoras grypus is a species of thorny catfish the upper Amazon basin of Ecuador and Peru .
Thalassoma virens is a species of wrasse native to the reefs in waters around the Revillagigedo Islands ( though during El Niño years , it has been recorded from Baja California ) .
Anthrenus pimpinellae is a species of beetle found natively in `` Europe , northern Africa , Asia and portions of the Oriental region '' ; it has also been introduced to parts of North America .
Rhamphochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa .
Calathus metallicus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania , Bulgaria , Greece , Poland , Romania , Slovakia , Ukraine , all states of former Yugoslavia ( except Slovenia ) , and Near East .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Ormomyces clivinae .
Viola striata is a species of violet known by the common names striped cream violet and creamy violet .
Parabrimidius ovalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parabrimidius .
Diloma subrostrata , common name the mudflat top shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Barbus andrewi , the Cape whitefish or Berg - breede River whitefish , is a ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Conus parius , common name the Parian cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Maxburretia is a genus of three rare species of palms found in southern Thailand and Peninsular Malaysia .
Chrysopsis linearifolia ( narrowleaf goldenaster ) , is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Brachinus pectoralis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Crimea .
Oxynoemacheilus leontinae is a species of stone loach found in Israel , Jordan , Lebanon , and Syria .
Monetaria caputdraconis , common name the `` dragon's - head cowry '' , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Cistecephalus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Late Permian of South Africa .
Anny Schlemm ( born February 22 , 1929 in Neu - Isenburg ) is a German operatic soprano , and later mezzo - soprano .
Mariska Aldrich ( March 27 , 1881 -- September 28 , 1965 ) was an American dramatic soprano singer and actress .
Romain Bussine ( 1830 - -1899 ) was a French poet , baritone , and voice teacher who lived during the 19th century .
Corrado Miraglia ( 1821 -- 30 December 1881 ) was an Italian operatic tenor and in his later years a voice teacher and theatrical agent .
Ashley Riches is a British operatic baritone .
Martha Angelici ( 22 May 1907 -- 11 September 1973 ) , was a French operatic soprano of Corsican origin , particularly associated with the French lyric repertoire .
Sonia Prina ( born 30 November 1975 ) is an Italian operatic contralto who has had an active career in concerts and operas since the mid-1990s .
Céline Scheen ( born 1976 in Verviers , Belgium ) is a Belgian classical soprano .
Štefan Hoza ( 20 October 1906 , Smižany--6 April 1982 , Czechoslovakia ) was a Slovak operatic tenor , actor , librettist , educator , music publicist , and historian .
Enrico Di Giuseppe ( October 14 , 1932 -- December 31 , 2005 ) was a celebrated American operatic tenor who had an active performance career from the late 1950s through the 1990s .
Jongmin Park ( born 1986 ) is a South Korean opera singer who has sung leading bass roles in the opera houses of Germany , Austria , and the United Kingdom .
Anna Chandler ( born July 4 , 1884 , New Cumberland , Pennsylvania - d. July 10 , 1957 , El Sereno , California ) was an American vaudeville actress and mezzo soprano singer of popular and light classical songs .
Maroochy Barambah is an Australian Aboriginal mezzo - soprano singer .
As a self - described `` split tenor '' ( between an alto and a tenor ) , Pete Seeger was a founding member of two highly influential folk groups :
Cécile Simonnet ( 14 March 1865 , Lille - ? , ) was a French operatic soprano .
Riccardo Massi is an Italian operatic tenor who had performed at such Italian theatres as both the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre and La Scala .
